<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1510580_0001510580-16-000004_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13250254</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>725823</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>6004665</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2269046</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2876737</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1217208</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>94</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001510580-16-000004.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109085612
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001510580-16-000004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		92
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kite Pharma, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001510580
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36508
		FILM NUMBER:		161982900

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2225 COLORADO AVENUE
		CITY:			SANTA MONICA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90404
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(310) 824-9999

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2225 COLORADO AVENUE
		CITY:			SANTA MONICA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90404

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001510580-16-000004.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 kite10q9-30x16.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
  _________________________________________ 
  FORM   10-Q    
  _________________________________________ 
  (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR 

For the transition period from            to           
  Commission file number: 001-36508 
  _________________________________________ 
  KITE PHARMA, INC. 
  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
  _________________________________________ 
                 Delaware 
    27-1524986 
      (State or Other Jurisdiction of 
  Incorporation or Organization) 
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 
      2225 Colorado Avenue 
  Santa Monica, California 
    90404 
      (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
    (Zip Code) 

(310) 824-9999 
  (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
  _________________________________________    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files)  .      Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                           Large accelerated filer 
      
    x 
      
    Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
      
          (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
      
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No     x 
  As of   November 8, 2016  , the number of outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock, par value $0.001 per share, was   49,875,725  . 

KITE PHARMA, INC. 
  FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 
  INDEX 
                   
    Page 
       Part I   Financial Information  
    3 

Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements - Unaudited  
    3 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  
    3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss  
    4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
    5 

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    6 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    26 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    33 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
    34 

Part II   Other Information  
    35 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
    35 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  
    35 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    65 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    65 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  
    65 

Item 5. Other Information  
    65 

Item 6. Exhibits  
    66 

Signatures  
    67 

Trademarks and Trade Names 
  We have common law, unregistered trademarks for Kite Pharma and eACT based on use of the trademarks in the United States. This Quarterly Report contains references to our trademarks and to trademarks belonging to other entities. Solely for convenience, trademarks and trade names referred to in this Quarterly Report, including logos, artwork and other visual displays, may appear without the   or TM symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the rights of the applicable licensor to these trademarks and trade names. We do not intend our use or display of other companies  trade names or trademarks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any other companies. 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  KITE PHARMA, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (In thousands, except share amounts) 

See accompanying notes. 
  
   3 

KITE PHARMA, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
  (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes. 
  
   4 

KITE PHARMA, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes. 
  
   5 

KITE PHARMA, INC. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    

NOTE 1 BUSINESS AND NATURE OF OPERATIONS 
  Nature of Operations 
  Kite Pharma, Inc. (the  Company ) was incorporated on   June 1, 2009   in the State of Delaware. The Company is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of novel cancer immunotherapy products designed to harness the power of a patient s own immune system to target and kill cancer cells. The Company is developing multiple product candidates using its engineered autologous cell therapy ( eACT ), which involves the genetic engineering of T cells to express either chimeric antigen receptors ( CARs ) or T cell receptors ( TCRs ).  
  The Company s headquarters and operations are in Santa Monica and El Segundo, California. Since commencing operations, the Company has devoted substantially all of its efforts to securing intellectual property rights, performing research and development activities, including clinical trials, both Company-sponsored and in collaboration with the National Cancer Institute ( NCI ), hiring personnel, and raising capital to support and expand these activities. On March 17, 2015, the Company acquired T-Cell Factory, B.V. ( TCF ), a Dutch company, for the opportunity to significantly expand the Company s pipeline of TCR-based product candidates. TCF has been renamed Kite Pharma EU B.V. ( Kite Pharma EU ). 
   
  NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND MANAGEMENT PLANS 
  The Company has not generated any revenue from the sale of products since its inception. The Company has experienced net losses since its inception and has an accumulated deficit of   $341.8 million   and   $159.7 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The Company expects to incur losses and have negative net cash flows from operating activities as it expands its portfolio and engages in further research and development activities, particularly conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials. 
  The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial information. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for complete financial statements. In the opinion of the Company s management, the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements contain all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals and adjustments) necessary to present fairly the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. The interim results for the periods ended   September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of results for the full   2016   fiscal year or any other future interim periods. 
  The success of the Company depends on its ability to develop its technologies to the point of U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) approval and subsequent revenue generation or through the sale, merger, or other transfer of all or substantially all of the Company s assets and, accordingly, to raise enough capital to finance these developmental efforts. In the future, management will need to raise additional capital to finance the continued operating and capital requirements of the Company. Any amounts raised will be used to further develop the Company s technologies, acquire additional product licenses and for other working capital purposes. There can be no assurances that the Company will be able to secure such additional financing, or if available, that it will be sufficient to meet its needs. If the Company cannot obtain adequate working capital, it will be forced to curtail its planned business operations. 
   
  NOTE 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
  Use of Estimates 
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Accordingly, actual results could differ from those estimates. 
  
   6 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 
  The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents consist primarily of money market funds, certificates of deposit, and bank money market accounts and are stated at cost, which approximates fair value. 
  Investments 
  All investments have been classified as  available-for-sale  and are carried at fair value as determined based upon quoted market prices or pricing models for similar securities. Management determines the appropriate classification of its investments in debt securities at the time of purchase and reevaluates such designation as of each balance sheet date. Unrealized gains and losses are excluded from earnings and are reported as a component of comprehensive loss. Realized gains and losses and declines in fair value judged to be other than temporary, if any, on available-for-sale securities are included in interest income and other expense, net, respectively. 
  Restricted Cash 
  The   Company has two certificates of deposit that are posted as secured collateral in connection with letters of credit relating to the Company s leases of its commercial manufacturing and support facilities.   Amounts related to the certificates of deposit were reported as restricted cash and totaled   $3.7 million   at   September 30, 2016  . 
  Concentration of Credit Risk 
  Financial instruments, which potentially subject the Company to significant concentrations of credit risk, consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities. The primary objectives for the Company s investment portfolio are the preservation of capital and the maintenance of liquidity. The Company does not enter into any investment transaction for trading or speculative purposes. 
  The Company s investment policy limits investments to certain types of instruments such as certificates of deposit, money market instruments, obligations issued by the U.S. government and U.S. government agencies as well as corporate debt securities, and places restrictions on maturities and concentration by type and issuer. The Company maintains cash balances in excess of amounts insured by the FDIC and concentrated within a limited number of financial institutions. The accounts are monitored by management to mitigate the risk. 
  Foreign Currencies 
  As a result of a business combination, the Company now operates in multiple currencies. Related to the wholly-owned subsidiary, Kite Pharma EU, the Company has determined that based on the nature of the transactions occurring within this entity, the functional currency of the subsidiary is the Euro, and accordingly, any net assets of Kite Pharma EU, including goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, will be translated into U.S. dollars at the rates prevailing as of the balance sheet date. The equity of Kite Pharma EU will be translated into U.S. dollars at the historical rate at which such equity was recorded. Any translation impact will be recognized in other comprehensive income or loss for the period. The operating results of Kite Pharma EU are translated into U.S. dollars using the average exchange rates for the period correlating with those operating results. 
  Income Taxes 
  The Company provides for income taxes based on pretax income, if any, and applicable tax rates available in the various jurisdictions in which the Company operates. Deferred income taxes are recorded for the expected tax consequences of temporary differences between the bases of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and amounts recognized for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the Company s deferred tax assets to the amount of future tax benefit that is more likely than not to be realized. 
  Equity Investments and Business Combinations 
  For equity investments in other companies, the Company utilizes the cost method of accounting when it does not have the ability to exercise significant influence over the investee. For equity investments where the Company has the ability to exercise significant influence, the Company utilizes the equity method of accounting in accordance with ASC Topic 323, Investments   Equity Method and Joint Ventures. 
  For business combinations, the Company utilizes the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations. These standards require that the total cost of an acquisition be allocated to the tangible and intangible  
  
   7 

assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values at the date of acquisition. The allocation of the purchase price is dependent upon certain valuations and other studies. Acquisition costs are expensed as incurred. The Company recognizes separately from goodwill the fair value of assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. Goodwill as of the acquisition date is measured as the excess of consideration transferred and the acquisition date fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. While the Company uses its best estimates and assumptions as a part of the purchase price allocation process to accurately value assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date, the Company s estimates are subject to refinement. As a result, during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, the Company may record adjustments to the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill in the period in which the amounts are determined. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the fair value of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
  Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
  Certain intangible assets were acquired as part of a business combination, and have been capitalized at their acquisition date fair value. Acquired definite life intangible assets are amortized using the straight-line method over their respective estimated useful lives, which are evaluated whenever events or circumstances would indicate that an adjustment to the estimated useful lives would be appropriate.  The Company will additionally test its goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets for impairment annually, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate an impairment may have occurred. Impairment may result from, among other things, deterioration in the performance of the acquired business, adverse market conditions, adverse changes in applicable laws or regulations and a variety of other circumstances. If the Company determines that an impairment has occurred, it is required to record a write-down of the carrying value and charge the impairment as an operating expense in the period the determination is made. In evaluating the recoverability of the carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets, the Company must make assumptions regarding estimated future cash flows and other factors to determine the fair value of the acquired assets. Changes in strategy or market conditions could significantly impact those judgments in the future and require an adjustment to the recorded balances. The Company tests its goodwill for impairment annually during the fourth quarter and more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired. 
  Property and Equipment 
  Property and equipment is recorded at historical cost, net of accumulated depreciation, amortization and, if applicable, impairment charges. The Company reviews its property and equipment assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Depreciation is provided over the assets  useful lives on a straight-line basis, generally over   three   to   seven years  . Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of their estimated useful lives or lease terms. See Note 5 for further discussion regarding property and equipment. 
  Consolidation 
  The Company s condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of its subsidiary, Kite Pharma EU. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated during consolidation. 
  Patent Costs 
  The costs related to acquiring patents and to prosecuting and maintaining intellectual property rights are charged to general and administrative expense as incurred due to the uncertainty surrounding the drug development process and the uncertainty of future benefits. Expenses related to patents were   $0.7 million   and   $0.1 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively and were   $2.1 million   and   $0.4 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  
   8 

Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities 
  Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consist of the following as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (in thousands): 

Revenues 
  On   December 31, 2014  , the Company entered into a research and collaboration and license agreement with Amgen Inc. ( Amgen ) to develop and commercialize CAR-based product candidates directed against a number of Amgen cancer targets (the  Amgen Agreement ). To date, revenue has included a portion of the upfront payment the Company received under the Amgen Agreement, and reimbursed research and development costs relating to the Amgen targets.  The Company received an upfront payment of   $60.0 million   from Amgen in February 2015. Amgen will fund the research and development costs for all programs with certain limitations through any investigational new drug application ( IND ) filing. Each company will then be responsible for clinical development and commercialization of their respective therapeutic candidates, including all related expenses. The Company may be responsible for the manufacturing and processing of Amgen program product candidates for a certain period following the completion of any Phase 2 clinical trials under a separately negotiated supply agreement, should Amgen choose not to transition manufacturing to itself or to a mutually agreed upon designee of Amgen.  Additionally, the Company also recognized milestone revenues and revenue related to a portion of the upfront payment the Company received under a research, development and commercialization agreement with the Leukemia   Lymphoma Society, Inc. ( LLS  see Note 6     License and Collaboration Agreements   for more information.  
  The Company applied the FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2009-13, Multiple-Deliverable Revenue Arrangements, in evaluating the appropriate accounting for the upfront payment and research funding under the Amgen Agreement. In accordance with this guidance, the Company concluded that the Amgen Agreement should be accounted for as a single unit of accounting and recognize the Amgen Agreement consideration in the same manner as the final deliverable, which is research service. The   $60.0 million   upfront payment was recorded as deferred revenue and is being recognized over a   4 years   period, which is the estimated period of performance for the research service under this agreement. In addition, the Amgen research funding relating to Amgen targets, which is due as the related services are performed under the Amgen Agreement, is recorded as revenue on a time and material basis, with the corresponding cost of revenue recorded as research and development expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
  Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to reimburse Amgen for research and development services for Company targets. The Company will defer the recognition of revenue related to research and development services billed until the potential reimbursement contingency has lapsed. Any costs reimbursed by Amgen that relate to a Company program that progresses to an IND filing are recorded as deferred revenue until either an IND is filed and we are required to reimburse Amgen for such expenses, or the program ends without an IND filing, at which point the revenue would be recognized.   
    
  During the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company recognized   $5.5 million   and   $5.0 million   of revenue under the Amgen Agreement, respectively and recognized   $15.2 million   and   $12.3 million   of revenue for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had deferred revenue relating to the Amgen Agreement of   $37.5 million  . 
  
   9 

In the future, the Company may be eligible for development, regulatory and commercial milestone payments under the Amgen Agreement. The Company recognizes revenue related to the milestones under the Amgen Agreement in accordance with the Accounting Standards Codification 605-28, Milestone Method of Revenue Recognition ( ASC 605-28 ). At the inception of the arrangement we evaluate whether each milestone is substantive and at risk. This evaluation includes an assessment of whether: (i) the consideration is commensurate with either the Company s performance to achieve the milestone or the enhancement of the value of the delivered item(s) as a result of a specific outcome resulting from the Company s performance to achieve the milestone; (ii) the consideration relates solely to past performance; and (iii) the consideration is reasonable relative to all of the deliverables and payment terms within the arrangement. The Company has concluded that all of the development and regulatory milestones pursuant to its collaboration with Amgen are substantive and at risk. Thus, in accordance with ASC 605-28, revenue will be recognized in its entirety upon successful accomplishment of the milestone, assuming all other revenue recognition criteria are met. 
  Milestones related to sales-based activities may be triggered upon meeting net sales benchmarks. Under the Amgen Agreement, the achievement of these commercial milestones is solely dependent on Amgen s performance, and there are no continuing performance obligations from the Company. These commercial milestones would be achieved after the completion of the Company s development activities. Revenue from commercial milestone payments will be accounted for as royalties and recorded as revenue upon achievement of the milestone, assuming all other revenue recognition criteria are met. 
  General and Administrative Expenses 
  General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and other related costs, including stock-based compensation, for personnel in executive, commercial, finance, accounting, legal, investor relations, facilities, patent prosecution, business development and human resources functions. Other significant costs include facility costs not otherwise included in research and development expenses, legal fees relating to corporate matters, sublicense royalties, insurance, public company expenses relating to maintaining compliance with NASDAQ listing rules and SEC requirements, insurance and investor relations costs, and fees for accounting and consulting services. General and administrative costs are expensed as incurred, and the Company accrues for services provided by third parties related to the above expenses by monitoring the status of services provided and receiving estimates from its service providers, and adjusting its accruals as actual costs become known. 
  Research and Development 
  Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Expenses related to collaborative research and development activities approximate the revenue recognized under these agreements. Research and development costs consist of salaries and benefits, including associated stock-based compensation, laboratory supplies and facility costs, costs related to commercial manufacturing preparations, as well as fees paid to other entities that conduct certain research and development activities on our behalf and payments made pursuant to license agreements. Clinical trial and other development costs incurred by third parties are expensed as the contracted work is performed. The Company accrues for costs incurred as the services are being provided by monitoring the status of the trial or project and the invoices received from its external service providers. The Company adjusts its accrual as actual costs become known. Where contingent milestone payments are due to third parties under research and development arrangements or license agreements, the milestone payment obligations are expensed when the milestone results are achieved. 
  Stock-Based Compensation 
  Stock-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized as expense over the required service period, which is generally equal to the vesting period. Stock-based compensation is recognized only for those awards that are ultimately expected to vest. Common stock, stock options, restricted stock units ( RSUs ) and warrants or other equity instruments issued to non-employees, including consultants and members of the Company s Scientific Advisory Board as consideration for goods or services received by the Company, are accounted for based on the fair value of the equity instruments issued unless the fair value of the consideration received can be more reliably measured. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The fair value of any options issued to non-employees is marked to market each period and recorded as expense over the vesting period. The fair value of an RSU equals the closing price of our common stock on the grant date. Proceeds from options exercised by employees prior to vesting pursuant to an early exercise provision, the related shares of which the Company has the option to repurchase prior to the vesting date should employment of the early exercised option holder be terminated, are recognized as a liability until the shares vest. 
  Net Loss per Common Share 
  Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing the net loss attributable to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted net loss per share is computed similarly to basic net loss per share except that  
  
   10 

the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the potential common shares had been issued and if the additional common shares were dilutive. 
  For all periods presented, potentially dilutive securities are excluded from the computation of fully diluted loss per share as their effect is anti-dilutive. 
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , potentially dilutive securities include: 

The unvested early exercised options represent stock options that were exercised pursuant to an early exercise provision in the option agreements of an employee. The Company has the option to repurchase these shares if they do not vest prior to the termination of this employee. 
  The following table details those securities which have been excluded from the computation of potentially dilutive securities as their exercise prices are greater than the fair market price per common share as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 

Amounts in the tables above reflect the common stock equivalents of the noted instruments.   
  The following table summarizes the calculation of unaudited basic and diluted net loss per common share for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (in thousands, except share and per share amounts): 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-7, Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323): Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting. The new standard no longer requires that when an investment qualifies for use of   the   equity method as a result of an increase in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence, an adjustment must be made to the investment, results of operations and retained earnings retroactively on a step-by-step basis as if the equity method had been in effect during all previous periods that the investment had been held. The Company elected to adopt the new standard during the quarter ended June 30, 2016.   See Note 12 for further discussion regarding the   impact on our financial position or results of operations. 

11 

In June 2016 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, which (i) significantly changes the impairment model for most financial assets that are measured at amortized cost and certain other instruments from an incurred loss model to an expected loss model; and (ii) provides for recording credit losses on available-for-sale (AFS) debt securities through an allowance account. Topic 326 also requires certain incremental disclosures.  The guidance becomes effective on January 1, 2020. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact that Topic 326 may have on its financial position and results of operations. 
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230), which provides greater clarity to preparers on the treatment of eight specific items within an entity s statement of cash flows. The new guidance is intended to reduce diversity in practice in how certain transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows. The guidance becomes effective on January 1, 2018 and early adoption is permitted. The Company elected to adopt the new standard during the quarter ended September 30, 2016. The early adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company's financial position or results of operations. 
   
  NOTE 4 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS AND INVESTMENTS IN MARKETABLE SECURITIES 
  The Company follows authoritative accounting guidance, which among other things, defines fair value, establishes a consistent framework for measuring fair value and provides disclosure for each major asset and liability category measured at fair value on either a recurring or nonrecurring basis. Fair value is an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such, fair value is a market-based measurement that should be determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. 
  As a basis for considering such assumptions, a three-tier fair value hierarchy has been established, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: 
                 Level 1  : 
    Observable inputs such as unadjusted     quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2  : 
    Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. These include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. 

Level 3  : 
    Unobservable inputs that reflect the reporting entity s own assumptions. 

The carrying amounts of the Company s prepaid expenses, other current assets, accounts payable and accrued liabilities are generally considered to be representative of their fair value because of the short nature of these instruments. No transfers between levels have occurred during the periods presented. 
  Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of   September 30, 2016   is as follows (in thousands): 

(1) 
    Included within cash and cash equivalents on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
              (2) 
    $50.0 million   of government-related debt securities had an original maturity of less than 90 days, and were included within cash and cash equivalents on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
     
   12 

The Company s investments in money market funds are valued based on publicly available quoted market prices for identical securities as of   September 30, 2016  . The Company determines the fair value of corporate bonds and other government-sponsored enterprise related securities with the aid of valuations provided by third parties using proprietary valuation models and analytical tools. These valuation models and analytical tools use market pricing or prices for similar instruments that are both objective and publicly available, including matrix pricing or reported trades, benchmark yields, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, two-sided markets, benchmark securities, bids and/or offers. 
  Additionally, the Company has incurred contingent consideration obligations in connection with the acquisition of Kite Pharma EU.  These contingent consideration obligations are recorded at their estimated fair value, and are revalued when an event takes place or information becomes available that would indicate that the value of these obligations has changed, until such time that the contingencies related to these obligations are resolved. The value of the contingent consideration is accreted every reporting period based on the passage of time, using the discount rates used during their initial determination as of the acquisition date with a corresponding charge to interest expense. During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   the Company recorded   $0.2 million   and   $0.5 million   respectively as interest expense related to contingent consideration accretion, and there were no other changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration as of   September 30, 2016  . The fair value measurements of these obligations are based on significant unobservable inputs related to sales and development milestones related to the Kite Pharma EU business combination and are reviewed periodically by management. These inputs include the estimated probabilities and timing of achieving specified development and sales milestones, as well as the discount rate used to determine the present value of these milestones. Significant changes that would increase or decrease the probabilities or timing of achieving the development and sales milestones would result in a corresponding increase or decrease in the fair value of the contingent consideration obligations, which would be recognized in other income (expense) in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
  Investments classified as available-for-sale at   September 30, 2016   consisted of the following (in thousands): 

(1) 
    $50.0 million   of government-related debt securities had an original maturity of less than 90 days, and were included within cash and cash equivalents on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
     The Company recognizes realized gains or losses on sales or maturities of available-for-sale securities as net interest income. Unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are included as a component of comprehensive income (loss). At   September 30, 2016  , the aggregate fair value of securities held by the Company in an unrealized loss position was   $114.3 million  , which consisted of   58   securities. Of these securities,   two   securities have been in an unrealized loss position for more than twelve months, but have an aggregate unrealized loss of less than   $2,000  . Accordingly, the Company does not believe an impairment is necessary on any of these securities at this time. The Company does not intend to sell these investments and it is not likely that the Company will be required to sell these investments before recovery of their amortized cost basis. The Company reviews its investments to identify and evaluate investments that have an indication of possible other-than-temporary impairment. Factors considered in determining whether a loss is other-than-temporary include the length of time and extent to which fair value has been less than the cost basis, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the investee, and the Company s intent and ability to hold the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value. 

13 

NOTE 5 PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 
  Property and equipment, consists of the following as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (in thousands): 

Depreciation and amortization expense related to property and equipment was   $1.9 million   and   $0.5 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively and was   $4.3 million   and   $0.9 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The book value of assets under capital leases at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was   $0.3 million   and   $0.2 million   respectively, net of accumulated depreciation of   $0.1 million   and   $0.1 million  , respectively. 
   
  NOTE 6 LICENSE AND COLLABORATION AGREEMENTS 
  Cooperative Research and Development Agreement with the NCI 
  In August 2012, the Company entered into a Cooperative Research and Development Agreement (the  CRADA ) with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, as represented by the NCI for the research and development of novel engineered peripheral blood autologous T cell therapeutics for the treatment of multiple cancer indications. This collaboration with the Surgery Branch at the NCI, provides the Company with access to inventions resulting from the CRADA work relating to the current and future clinical product pipeline of autologous peripheral blood T cells, engineered with the NCI s proprietary tumor-specific TCRs and CARs, directed to multiple hematological and solid tumor types. The CRADA will help support the development of certain technologies licensed from the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ). Pursuant to the CRADA, the NCI will provide scientific staff and other support necessary to conduct research and related activities as described in the CRADA. 
  The CRADA had a   five  -year term commencing August 31, 2012 and expiring on August 30, 2017. On February 24, 2015, the Company amended the CRADA by expanding the research plan. To support the additional research activities under the amended CRADA, beginning in the first quarter of 2015, the Company s quarterly payments to the NCI increased from   $250,000   to   $750,000  . Total expenses recognized under the CRADA were   $0.8 million   and   $0.8 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively and were   $2.3 million   and   $1.9 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  Pursuant to the terms of the CRADA, the Company has agreed to hold the NCI harmless and to indemnify the NCI from all liabilities, demands, damages, expenses and losses arising out of the Company s use for any purpose of the data generated, materials produced or inventions discovered in whole or in part by NCI employees under the CRADA, unless due to their negligence or willful misconduct. The CRADA may be terminated at any time upon the mutual written consent of the Company and NCI. The Company or NCI may unilaterally terminate the CRADA at any time by providing written notice at least   60   days before the desired termination date. 
  Pursuant to the terms of the CRADA, the Company has an option to elect to negotiate an exclusive or nonexclusive commercialization license to any inventions discovered in the performance of the CRADA, whether solely by an NCI employee or jointly with a Company employee for which a patent application has been filed. 
  The parties jointly own any inventions and materials that are jointly produced by employees of both parties in the course of performing activities under the CRADA. 
  Cabaret License 
  On December 12, 2013, the Company entered into an exclusive, worldwide license agreement, including the right to grant sublicenses, with Cabaret Biotech Ltd. ( Cabaret ) and Dr. Zelig Eshhar relating to certain intellectual property and know-how (the  Licensed IP ) owned or controlled by Cabaret (the  Cabaret License ) for use in the treatment of oncology and such other fields as may be agreed to by the parties. Should Cabaret propose to enter into an agreement with a third party relating to the  
  
   14 

use of the Licensed IP outside of oncology ( Additional Indications ), then Cabaret shall notify the Company in writing and the Company shall have a   60  -day right of first negotiation to acquire a license to the Licensed IP in such Additional Indications. 
  The Company shall be required to make cash milestone payments upon successful completion of clinical and regulatory milestones in the United States and certain major European countries relating to each product covered by the Cabaret License (each, a  Cabaret Licensed Product ). The aggregate potential milestone payments are   $3.9 million   for each of the first two Cabaret Licensed Products, of which   $3.0 million   is due only after marketing approval in the United States and at least one major European country. Thereafter, for each subsequent Cabaret Licensed Product such aggregate milestone payments shall be reduced to   $2.7 million  . The first milestone payment was due upon the acceptance of an IND application by the FDA for the first Cabaret Licensed Product, and was paid during the first quarter of 2015. The Company has also agreed to pay Cabaret royalties on net sales of Cabaret Licensed Products at rates in the mid-single digits. Prior to the first commercial sale of a Cabaret Licensed Product, the Company will pay Cabaret an annual license fee equal to   $30,000  . To the extent the Company enters into a sublicensing agreement relating to a Cabaret Licensed Product, the Company is required to pay Cabaret a percentage of all non-royalty income received as well as payment on Cabaret s behalf of any applicable taxes due, which percentage will decrease based upon the stage of development of the Cabaret Licensed Product at the time of sublicensing. 
  The Company has agreed to defend, indemnify and hold Dr. Eshhar, Cabaret, its affiliates, directors, officers, employees and agents, and if applicable certain other parties, harmless from all losses, liabilities, damages and expenses (including attorneys  fees and costs) incurred as a result of any claim, demand, action or proceeding to the extent resulting from (a) any breach of the Cabaret License by the Company or its sublicensees, (b) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Company or its sublicensees in the performance of its obligations under this Cabaret License, or (c) the manufacture, development, use or sale of Cabaret Licensed Products by the Company or its sublicensees, except in each case to the extent arising from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Cabaret or Dr. Eshhar or the breach of this Agreement by Dr. Eshhar or Cabaret. 
  The Cabaret License expires on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis on the date on which the Company, its affiliates and sublicensees permanently cease to research, develop, sell and commercialize the Cabaret Licensed Products in such country. Either party may terminate the Cabaret License in the event of a material breach of the agreement that remains uncured following the date that is   60   days from the date that the breaching party is provided with written notice by the non-breaching party. Additionally, the Company may terminate the Cabaret License at its sole discretion at any time upon   30   days' written notice to Cabaret and Dr. Eshhar, provided, however, that if the Company elects to terminate the Cabaret License for convenience at any time prior to the third anniversary of the Cabaret License, then the Company will be obligated to pay Cabaret a termination fee equal to   $500,000  . 
  Due to the receipt of the   $60.0 million   upfront license payment from Amgen in connection with the Amgen Agreement, in April 2015 the Company paid   $13.8 million   to Cabaret as a sublicense fee, which includes   $1.8 million   of applicable taxes paid on Cabaret s behalf as required under the Cabaret License. As of   September 30, 2016  , a   $3.5 million   deferred asset was recorded under the other current assets caption on the consolidated balance sheets, and a   $4.6 million   non-current deferred asset was recorded under the other assets caption of the consolidated balance sheets. Both of these amounts will be recognized as sublicense fee expense within general and administrative expense on a straight-line basis over the same period as the license income. For the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company recorded   $0.9 million   and   $0.9 million   in sublicense fee expense related to the Cabaret license, respectively and   $2.6 million   and   $2.3 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  December 2014 NIH License Agreement 
  Pursuant to a patent license agreement with the NIH, dated December 31, 2014, the Company holds an exclusive, worldwide license to certain intellectual property related to TCR-based product candidates that target HPV antigens E6 and E7 of the HPV subtype 16. 
  The Company is required to make performance-based payments upon successful completion of clinical and regulatory benchmarks relating to the licensed products. The aggregate potential benchmark payments for each licensed product are   $6.0 million  , of which aggregate payments of   $5.0 million   are due only after marketing approval in the United States or in Europe, Japan, China or India. The first benchmark payment of   $50,000   will be due upon the commencement of the Company s first sponsored Phase 1 clinical trial. 
  In addition, the Company is required to pay the NIH one-time benchmark payments following aggregate net sales of up to   $1.0 billion   of licensed products. The aggregate potential amount of these benchmark payments is   $7.0 million  . The Company must also pay the NIH royalties on net sales of products covered by this license at rates in the mid-single digits. To the extent the Company enters into a sublicensing agreement relating to a licensed product, the Company is required to pay the NIH a percentage of all consideration received from a sublicensee, which percentage will decrease based on the stage of development of the licensed product at the time of the sublicense. Any such sublicense payment is subject to a certain cap. 
  
   15 

The license will expire upon expiration of the last patent contained in the licensed patent rights, unless terminated earlier. None of the applications included in the NIH licensed patent rights have issued yet. Any patents issuing from these applications will have a base expiration date no earlier than 2034. The NIH may terminate or modify the license in the event of a material breach, including if the Company does not meet certain milestones by certain dates, or upon certain insolvency events that remain uncured following the date that is   90   days following written notice of such breach or insolvency event. The Company may terminate the license, or any portion thereof, at its sole discretion at any time upon   60   days' written notice to the NIH. In addition, the NIH has the right to require the Company to sublicense the rights to the product candidates covered by the license upon certain conditions, including if the Company is not reasonably satisfying required health and safety needs or if the Company is not satisfying requirements for public use as specified by federal regulations. 
  The expenses recognized under the NIH license were not material for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively. 
  October 2015 NIH License Agreement 
  Pursuant to a patent license agreement with the NIH, dated October 1, 2015, the Company holds an exclusive, worldwide license to certain intellectual property related to TCR-based product candidates directed against MAGE A3 and A3/A6 antigens for the treatment of tumors expressing MAGE.  Pursuant to the terms of this license, the Company paid the NIH a cash payment in the aggregate amount of   $1.2 million   in November 2015. 
  The Company is required to make performance-based payments upon successful completion of clinical and regulatory benchmarks relating to the licensed products. The aggregate potential benchmark payments for each licensed product are   $8.4 million  , of which aggregate payments of   $6.0 million   are due only after marketing approval in the United States or in Europe, Japan, China or India. Also, a benchmark payment of   $150,000   will be due upon the commencement of the Company s first sponsored Phase 1 clinical trial for each licensed product in each indication. 
  In addition, the Company is required to pay the NIH one-time benchmark payments following aggregate net sales of up to   $1.0 billion   of licensed products. The aggregate potential amount of these benchmark payments is   $12.0 million  . The Company must also pay the NIH royalties on net sales of products covered by this license at rates in the mid-single digits. To the extent the Company enters into a sublicensing agreement relating to a licensed product, the Company is required to pay the NIH a percentage of all consideration received from a sublicensee, which percentage will decrease based on the stage of development of the licensed product at the time of the sublicense. Any such sublicense payment is subject to a certain cap. 
  The license will expire upon expiration of the last patent contained in the licensed patent rights, unless terminated earlier. None of the applications included in the NIH licensed patent rights have issued yet. Any patents issuing from these applications will have a base expiration date no earlier than 2032. The NIH may terminate or modify the license in the event of a material breach, including if the Company does not meet certain milestones by certain dates, or upon certain insolvency events that remain uncured following the date that is   90   days following written notice of such breach or insolvency event. The Company may terminate the license, or any portion thereof, at its sole discretion at any time upon   60   days' written notice to the NIH. In addition, the NIH has the right to require the Company to sublicense the rights to the product candidates covered by the license upon certain conditions, including if the Company is not reasonably satisfying required health and safety needs or if the Company is not satisfying requirements for public use as specified by federal regulations. 
  The expenses recognized under the NIH license were not material for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  Amgen Research Collaboration and License Agreement 
  On December 31, 2014, the Company entered into the Amgen Agreement, pursuant to which the Company and Amgen expect to develop and commercialize CAR-based product candidates directed against a number of Amgen cancer targets. Under the terms of the Amgen Agreement, the Company and Amgen will jointly create preclinical development plans through IND filing with the FDA for the research and development of CAR-based product candidates that target certain antigens expressed on the cell surface of various cancers. The Company and Amgen expect to progress multiple Amgen programs, each consisting of the development of one or more CAR-based product candidates directed against a certain Amgen selected cancer target. The Company and Amgen also expect to progress multiple Company programs, each consisting of the development of one or more CAR-based product candidates directed against a certain Company selected cancer target. Under certain circumstances, the collaboration may be expanded to include the research and development of other product candidates. 
  The Company received an upfront payment of   $60.0 million   from Amgen in February 2015 as partial consideration for the rights granted to Amgen by the Company for access to the Company platform technology and the Company undertaking preclinical development under certain programs. Amgen will fund the research and development costs for all programs with certain limitations through any IND filing. The Company will reimburse Amgen for the research and development costs for any  
  
   16 

Company program that progresses to an IND filing, to the extent that Amgen had previously paid the Company for any such research and development costs. Each party will then be responsible for clinical development and commercialization of their respective therapeutic candidates, including all related expenses. 
  The Company will be responsible for the manufacturing and processing of Amgen program product candidates for a certain period following the completion of any Phase 2 clinical trials under a separately negotiated supply agreement, should Amgen choose not to transition manufacturing to itself or to a mutually agreed upon designee of Amgen. The Company will be eligible to receive a   $100.0 million   milestone payment upon receipt of the first marketing approval for the first Amgen product from each Amgen program to achieve approval and up to   $425.0 million   in commercial milestone payments for each Amgen program, based on the Amgen program products meeting certain net sales benchmarks in a calendar year, plus tiered high single to double digit royalties for sales and the license of the Company s intellectual property for CAR-based product candidates. Amgen will be eligible to receive a   $100 million   milestone payment upon receipt of the first marketing approval for the first Company product from each Company program to achieve approval and up to   $425.0 million   in commercial milestone payments for each Company program, based on the Company program products meeting certain net sales benchmarks in a calendar year, plus tiered single digit sales royalties. The Company does not expect any milestones to be achieved or paid until 2021 at the earliest, as all of the collaboration product candidates are currently in the pre-clinical stage. 
  In addition, Amgen has a one-time option to convert a Company program to an Amgen program for a fee of   $35.0 million   at any time on or prior to the 60th day after the later of (a) delivery of a final report with data for use in an IND and (b) filing of the IND for the first Company product candidate from a Company program and delivery of such IND to Amgen. This option shall exclude the first and second Company programs for which the Company has filed an IND on the Company program product candidate.  In addition to the milestones described above that would be applicable to the converted Company program, the Company shall be eligible to receive additional milestones of   $50.0 million   upon the initiation of the first Phase 3 clinical trial for the first product from the converted Company program and   $50.0 million   upon receipt of marketing approval for a second indication from the converted Company program. 
  The term of the Amgen Agreement will continue on a target-by-target basis until the later of (1) the date on which the product candidates directed against the target are no longer covered by certain intellectual property rights, (2) the loss of certain regulatory exclusivity and (3) a defined term from the first commercial sale of the first product candidate directed against the target. Either party may terminate the agreement on a target-by-target basis with respect to its own programs with prior written notice. Either party may also terminate the agreement with written notice upon material breach by the other party, if such breach has not been cured within a defined period of receiving such notice. 
  During the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company recognized   $5.5 million   and   $5.0 million   of revenue under the Amgen Agreement, respectively and recognized   $15.2 million   and   $12.3 million   of revenue for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had deferred revenue relating to the Amgen Agreement of   $37.5 million  , of which   $2.7 million   relates to Kite programs that would be paid back to Amgen in the event that the Kite programs progress to an IND filing  . 
  Research, Development and Commercialization Agreement with the Leukemia   Lymphoma Society, Inc. 
  On June 30, 2015, the Company and LLS entered into a research, development and commercialization agreement to enhance the development of the Company s lead product candidate, KTE-C19.  Under the agreement, LLS will contribute up to   $2.5 million   through its Therapy Acceleration Program to help fund the Company s ongoing ZUMA-1 clinical trial. 
  LLS made an upfront payment of   $0.5 million   in July 2015, in addition to milestone payments of   $1.0 million   in November 2015, and   $0.4 million   in August 2016. The remaining funding will be provided upon reaching certain clinical milestones over the duration of the Company s ongoing ZUMA-1 clinical trial. Certain regulatory and commercial milestone payments will be made to LLS, based on the development progress of KTE-C19, or upon certain other events, including the out-licensing to a third party of the rights to develop or commercialize KTE-C19, or if the Company combines with or is sold to another company.  The Company recognized   $1.8 million   of revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as it achieved substantive clinical milestones, of which   $0.4 million   was recorded as a receivable within the prepaid expenses and other current assets caption in the condensed consolidated balance sheets.  
  Under the agreement, LLS will launch a broad scope educational program focusing on CAR T-cell therapy for the treatment of blood cancers, as well as support outreach for clinical trial enrollment. The Company separately paid   $0.2 million   in July 2015 and will pay an additional   $0.2 million   each year for   two   years starting in 2016 to support LLS for its rollout of the education program. The Company determined that this arrangement has identifiable benefits to the Company and the payments to LLS should be recognized as expense rather than reduction of the revenue from conducting the research and development services. This education program enables the Company to access one of the country s largest voluntary health organizations and its patients and providers  base to improve patients  understanding of T cell therapy as a potential treatment for blood cancers and  
  
   17 

enhance providers  knowledge of T cell therapy including trials involving KTE-C19. The Company believes that the costs reflect the fair market value of the education program. 
  The Company considers its agreement with LLS to be a revenue arrangement with multiple deliverables.  The Company determined that the substantive deliverables are limited to the clinical development of KTE-C19, Research Advisory Committee ( RAC ) participation, and participating in LLS activities, which together represented a single unit of accounting. The Company deemed that the participation on the RAC is tied to the development of KTE-C19 and occurs concurrently with the research and development services. Participation on the RAC does not have a separate and stand-alone value, as it is essential to the development of KTE-C19 and the Company has sole responsibility for the research and development activities. Participation in activities for LLS are not considered to have a significant value to LLS as the participation is limited to two times per calendar year and the expected value is immaterial. The Company recorded the   $1.5 million   upfront payment as deferred revenue, which will be recognized as revenue over the expected development period. The Company recorded   $0.1 million   and   $0.3 million   in revenue related to the LLS upfront payment for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively and recognized   $0.1 million   for the   three and nine   months ended September 30, 2015. 
  License and Research Agreement with Alpine Immune Sciences, Inc. 
  On October 26, 2015, the Company and Alpine Immune Sciences, Inc. ( AIS ) entered into an exclusive, worldwide license and research agreement to research, develop, and commercialize engineered autologous T cell therapies incorporating two programs from AIS  transmembrane immunomodulatory protein ( TIP  ) technology. 
  Under the terms of the Agreement, AIS is conducting initial research to deliver two program TIPs with certain pre-defined characteristics. The Company is conducting further research on the program TIPs with the goal of demonstrating proof-of-concept. If successful, the Company will further engineer the program TIPs into certain CAR and TCR product candidates that would potentially enhance anti-tumor response. 
  In connection with entering into the Agreement, the Company paid AIS a   $5.0 million   upfront payment and paid   $0.5 million   in additional payments to support AIS  research. The Company recorded   $4.4 million   to research and development expense, and   $0.5 million   as a accrued liability that was recognized as research and development expense for certain research and development activities which were performed during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . AIS will be eligible to receive up to   $530.0 million   in total milestone payments based on the successful completion of research, clinical and regulatory milestones relating to both program TIPs. At the Company s option, a portion of the milestones may be paid in shares of the Company s common stock. AIS will also be eligible to receive a low single digit royalty for sales on a licensed product-by-licensed product and country-by-country basis, until the later of (i) the date on which the licensed product is no longer covered by certain intellectual property rights, and (ii) a defined term from the first commercial sale of the licensed product.  
  The Company may terminate the agreement with prior written notice after a defined research term. Either party may also terminate the agreement upon certain insolvency events of the other party, or with written notice upon material breach by the other party, if such breach has not been cured within a defined period of receiving such notice. 
  Research Collaboration and License Agreement with Cell Design Labs, Inc. 
  On June 1, 2016, the Company entered into a Research Collaboration and License Agreement with Cell Design Labs, Inc. ( Cell Design Labs ) for the development of next generation CAR-based product candidates that incorporate Cell Design Labs  molecular  on/off switch  technology. 
  Under the terms of the agreement, Cell Design Labs will be responsible for developing the  on/off switches  for the Company s CAR T cell pipeline. The Company will receive exclusive worldwide rights to develop and commercialize CAR-based product candidates containing Cell Design Labs   on/off switches  directed to certain targets that are associated with acute myeloid leukemia. The Company also has the exclusive option for a pre-defined period to develop and commercialize CAR-based product candidates containing  on/off switches  directed to certain targets that are associated with B-cell malignancies. 
  Pursuant to the agreement, the Company paid Cell Design Labs a   $2.0 million   upfront payment and will pay up to an additional   $9.0 million   during the research and development term to support Cell Design Labs  research. The Company previously made a   $1.0 million   equity investment in Cell Design Labs in December 2015 and, in connection with entering into the agreement, the Company made an additional equity investment in Cell Design Labs of approximately   $6.0 million   during the three months ended June 30, 2016. Cell Design Labs will be eligible to receive up to   $56.5 million   in total milestone payments based on the successful completion of research, clinical, regulatory and commercial milestones. Cell Design Labs will also be eligible to receive tiered single digit royalties for sales on a licensed product-by-licensed product and country-by-country basis, until the date on which the licensed product is no longer covered by certain intellectual property rights. 
  
   18 

The Company may terminate the agreement with prior written notice. Either party may also terminate the agreement upon certain insolvency events of the other party, or with written notice upon material breach by the other party, if such breach has not been cured within a defined period of receiving such notice.  

NOTE 7 STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY 
  On December 16, 2014, the Company completed its follow-on offering and sold an additional   3,485,000   shares of its common stock at a price of   $54.00   per share.  As a result of the follow-on offering, the Company raised a total of approximately   $177.1 million   in net proceeds after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of   $10.8 million   and offering expenses of   $0.3 million  . Costs directly associated with the follow-on offering were capitalized and recorded as deferred offering costs prior to the completion of the follow-on offering. These costs have been recorded as a reduction of the proceeds received from the follow-on offering.  
  As part of the follow-on public offering, in January 2015, the Company sold an additional   522,750   shares of its common stock at a price of   $54.00   per share pursuant to the underwriters  exercise in full of their over-allotment option.  As a result, the total number of shares sold in the follow-on public offering was   4,007,750   shares, and the Company raised a total of approximately   $203.7 million   in net proceeds after deducting the underwriting discount and commission of   $12.4 million   and offering expenses of   $0.3 million  . 
  On December 15, 2015, the Company completed an additional follow-on offering and sold an additional   4,168,750   shares of its common stock (inclusive of   543,750   shares of common stock sold by the Company pursuant to the full exercise of an overallotment option granted to the underwriters in connection with the offering) at a price of   $69.00   per share.  As a result of this offering, the Company raised a total of approximately   $272.6 million   in net proceeds after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of   $14.4 million   and offering expenses of   $0.7 million  . Costs directly associated with the offering were capitalized and recorded as deferred offering costs prior to the completion of the follow-on offering. These costs have been recorded as a reduction of the proceeds received from the follow-on offering.   
   
  NOTE 8 STOCK BASED COMPENSATION 
  Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
  During June 2014, the Company s Board of Directors and stockholders approved and adopted the 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ( ESPP ). The ESPP became effective and the first purchase period began on June 19, 2014. Stock compensation expense related to the ESPP was   $0.2 million   and   $0.8 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively. 
  A maximum of   360,000   shares of our common stock may be sold pursuant to purchase rights under the ESPP, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, and comparable restructuring activities.  The ESPP also includes an  evergreen  feature, which provides that an additional number of shares will automatically be added to the shares authorized for issuance under the ESPP on January 1st of each year, beginning on the first January 1 immediately following the effective date of June 19, 2014 and ending on (and including) January 1, 2024. The number of shares added each calendar year will be the lesser of (a)   1%   of the total number of shares of the Company s capital stock (including all classes of the Company s common stock) outstanding on December 31st of the preceding calendar year, and (b)   720,000   shares.  However, the Board may decide to approve a lower number of shares (including   no   shares) before January 1 of any year. 
  In January 2015 in accordance with the evergreen feature of the ESPP, the maximum number of common shares issuable under the ESPP was increased by   440,354   shares to   800,354   shares. In January 2016, the maximum number of common shares issuable under the ESPP was increased by   497,630   to   1,297,984   in accordance with the evergreen feature of the ESPP. During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company issued   34,237   shares and   68,845   shares under the ESPP. 
  The stock purchasable under the ESPP will be shares of authorized but unissued or reacquired common stock, including shares repurchased by the Company on the open market. If a purchase right under the ESPP terminates without having been exercised in full, any shares not purchased under that purchase right will again become available for issuance under the ESPP. 
  Restricted Stock Units and Stock Options 
  Eligible employees may receive a grant of RSUs annually with the size and type of award generally determined by the employee s salary grade and performance level. In addition, certain management and professional level employees typically receive stock options and RSU grants upon commencement of employment. Eligible employees may also receive a grant of stock options annually. Non-employee members of our Board of Directors will receive a grant of RSUs and stock options annually and any future new directors are expected to receive a grant of RSUs and stock options. 
  
   19 

The Company s RSU and stock option grants provide for accelerated or continued vesting in certain circumstances as defined in the plans and related grant agreements, including a termination in connection with a change in control. RSUs generally vest in equal amounts on each of the first four anniversaries of the grant date. Stock options generally vest in a   25%   increment upon the first anniversary of the grant date, and in equal monthly amounts for the   three   years following the one year anniversary of the grant date. 
  In 2009, the Company established an equity incentive plan (the  Plan ) pursuant to which incentives may be granted to officers, employees, directors, consultants and advisors. Incentives under the Plan may be granted in any one or a combination of the following forms: (a) incentive stock options and non-statutory stock options; (b) stock appreciation rights; (c) stock awards; (d) restricted stock; and (e) performance shares. 
  The Plan is administered by the Board of Directors of the Company or a committee appointed by the Board of Directors, which determines the types of awards to be granted, including the number of shares subject to the awards, the exercise price and the vesting schedule. 
  In June 2014, the Board of Directors approved an amendment and restatement of the Plan, increasing the shares of common stock issuable under the Plan to   9,150,000   shares as well as allowing for an automatic annual increase (the  evergreen provision ) to the shares issuable under the Plan to the lower of (i)   5%   of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year; or (ii) a lower number determined by the Board of Directors (which can also be   zero  ). The term of any stock option granted under the Plan cannot exceed   10 years  . Options shall not have an exercise price less than   100%   of the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the grant date, and generally vest over a period of   four years  . If the individual possesses more than   10%   of the combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company, the exercise price shall not be less than   110%   of the fair market value of a common share of stock on the date of grant. 
  In January 2015, the number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the Plan was automatically increased in accordance with the evergreen provision by   2,201,772   shares of common stock, for a total number of shares of common stock issuable under the Plan of   11,351,772   shares. 
  Under the evergreen provision of the Plan, an additional   2,488,153   shares became authorized and available for future grant on January 1, 2016, for a total number of shares of common stock issuable under the Plan of   13,839,925  . 
  A summary of the status of the options issued under the Plan as of   September 30, 2016  , and information with respect to the changes in options outstanding is as follows: 

The fair value of each stock option granted has been determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The material factors incorporated in the Black-Scholes model in estimating the fair value of the options granted during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   included the following: 

20 

Due to the Company s lack of sufficient history as a publicly traded company, management s estimate of expected volatility is based on the average volatilities of a sampling of five companies with similar attributes to the Company, including: industry, stage of life cycle, size and financial leverage. 
  Stock-based compensation for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   is as follows (in thousands): 

The weighted-average grant date fair value per share of options granted under the Plan was   $30.74   and   $39.29   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively and was   $30.93   and   $39.98   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , total compensation expense not yet recognized related to stock option grants amounted to approximately   $177.5 million   which will be recognized over a weighted average period of   2.6 years  . Additionally,   446,895   options that were early exercised for total proceeds of   $0.5 million   were unvested, and were recorded as a current liability, based on their vesting date, on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
  The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  : 

The following table summarizes information about RSU activity for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  : 

21 

NOTE 9 INCOME TAXES 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company recorded an income tax benefit of   $2.6 million  . The Company s income tax benefit is related to losses from its foreign operations, domestic losses supported by available for sale securities, and a prior year true up related to deferred taxes in foreign jurisdictions.   
  The Company continues to maintain a full valuation allowance on its net deferred tax assets in the U.S., as it is more likely than not that the Company may not realize the benefit of its deferred tax assets due to historical losses. Accordingly, the net deferred tax assets within the U.S. have been fully reserved. The Company will continue to assess the extent to which its deferred tax assets may be realized in the future, and will adjust the valuation allowance as needed. The Company is in a net deferred tax liability position within the Netherlands as of   September 30, 2016  .  The deferred tax liability represents a source of future income that continues to support the recognition of tax benefits related to current net operating losses in the Netherlands.  The Company is monitoring the composition of the deferred balances within the Netherlands, as net deferred tax assets would be subject to a valuation allowance. 
  The Company s policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense.  The Company does not have any interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
  Our legal entities file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, various U.S. state jurisdictions, and the Netherlands. All tax years remain open to examination by major taxing jurisdictions until a future period when net operating losses are utilized. 
   
  NOTE 10 RELATED PARTIES 
  On June 1, 2009, the Company entered into a services agreement with Two River Consulting, LLC ( TRC ) to provide various clinical development, operational, managerial, administrative, accounting and financial services to the Company. The Company s Chairman of the Board of Directors, CEO and President, a director of the Company, and the Company s Secretary are each partners of TRC. The costs incurred for these services were   $75,000   and   $75,000   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , and   2015  , respectively and were   $225,000   and   $225,000   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.   
  In addition, from time to time, some of the Company s expenses are paid by TRC. The Company reimburses TRC for these expenses and   no   interest is charged on the outstanding balance. Reimbursable expenses were   $13,000   and   $14,393   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively and   $48,601   and   $26,337   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.   
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company had a payable to TRC of   $88,000   and   $88,279  , respectively. The amounts are recorded as other current liabilities on the balance sheet. All balances owed as of   December 31, 2015   were paid in full during the first quarter of 2016 and all balances owed as of   September 30, 2016   are expected to be paid in full during the fourth quarter of 2016. 
   
  NOTE 11 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
  In the normal course of business, the Company enters into contracts that contain a variety of indemnifications with its employees, licensors, suppliers and service providers. Further, the Company indemnifies its directors and officers who are, or were, serving at the Company s request in such capacities. The Company s maximum exposure under these arrangements is unknown as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . The Company does not anticipate recognizing any significant losses relating to these arrangements. 
  Leases 
  On May 9, 2013, the Company entered into a lease agreement for a facility to be used for administrative and research and development activities. The lease commenced on   June 15, 2013   and has a   10  -year initial term expiring on   June 15, 2023  . The lease also provides for rent abatements and scheduled increases in base rent. The lease also contains options for the Company to extend the lease upon its initial expiration. In connection with the lease, the Company made a one-time cash security deposit in the amount of   $100,000  . 
  On January 26, 2015, the Company entered into a lease agreement with Merritt SAB 17, LP, for manufacturing and processing of engineered autologous cell therapy, research and development, and office space in Santa Monica, California. The lease has a   10  -year term commencing on   February 1, 2015  . Upon certain conditions, the Company has   two   options to extend the lease each for an additional   five years  . The Company is required to remit base rent of   $46,906   per month, which will increase at a rate of  
  
   22 

3%   per year. The Company uses leased space for manufacturing and processing of engineered autologous cell therapy, research and development and offices. 
  On February 17, 2015, the Company entered into a lease agreement with 2355 Utah Industrial Capital, LLC, for manufacturing space in El Segundo which is adjacent to Los Angeles International Airport. The lease has a 10-year and seven month term commencing on   January 1, 2016  . Upon certain conditions, the Company has   two   options to extend the lease, each for an additional   five years  . The Company paid   $124,183   upon execution of the lease and is required to remit base rent of   $124,183   per month, or   $2.85   per square foot, which will increase at a rate of   3%   per year. The monthly installments will be abated for the months of February 2016, January and February 2017, January 2018, January 2019, January 2020 and January 2021. The Company also has an option to expand the lease for additional square footage at the same rent per square foot as the base premises, which option must be exercised prior to   July 1, 2017  . 
  On June 22, 2015, the Company entered into a sublease agreement with Goldline, LLC, for office space in Santa Monica, California. The lease has a term of   26 months   commencing on   June 22, 2015  . The Company is required to remit base rent of   $47,689   per month, with rent abatement of   50%   for the first three months and   25%   the next three months.   Rent will increase to   $50,389   from July 1, 2016 to the end of the lease term. On June 30, 2016, the Company expanded its sublease agreement with Goldline, LLC for additional office space in Santa Monica, California. The lease has a term of   14 months   commencing on June 30, 2016 with monthly base rent of   $10,908  . 
  On July 1, 2016, the Company entered into a lease agreement with 2383 Utah, LLC, for the lease of primarily office space in El Segundo, which is adjacent to the Company s manufacturing facility. The lease has a nine year and six month term commencing on February 1, 2017. Upon certain conditions, the Company has   two   options to extend the lease, each for an additional   five   years. The Company paid   $176,400   upon execution of the lease and is required to remit base rent of   $176,400   per month, or   $2.94   per square foot, which will increase at a rate of approximately   3%   per year. The monthly installments will be abated for the months of February 2017, February 2018, February 2019, February 2020, February 2021, February 2022 and February 2023. 
  Rent expense charged to operations was   $1.7 million   and   $0.9 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively and was   $3.6 million   and   $2.0 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The Company received from its landlords lease incentives related to tenant improvement allowances, which are recorded as a reduction of rent expense over the term of the respective leases. The Company has incurred expenses eligible for tenant improvement allowances related to its research and development facilities and received cash from its landlords in the amount of   $3.4 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . The Company has recorded corresponding other current deferred rent liabilities and other non-current deferred rent liabilities related to these tenant improvement allowances within the condensed consolidated balance sheets and recognized a reduction in rent expense of   $0.1 million   and   $0.3 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as a result of the tenant improvement allowances. 
   
  NOTE 12 ACQUISITIONS AND INVESTMENTS 
  T-Cell Factory Acquisition 
  On March 17, 2015, the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement (the  SPA ) with TCF and the shareholders of TCF (collectively, the  Sellers ), to acquire all of the outstanding capital stock of TCF.  The signing and closing of the transaction happened concurrently whereupon TCF became the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary and was renamed Kite Pharma EU B.V.  The SPA contains certain representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities by the parties thereto, in each case customary for a transaction of this nature and scope. The Company acquired TCF for the opportunity to significantly expand its pipeline of TCR-based product candidates.  Using its proprietary TCR-GENErator technology platform, TCF may be able to rapidly and systematically discover tumor-specific TCRs.  
  Pursuant to the SPA, the Company paid approximately   $15.1 million   in cash and issued   $4.2 million   in shares of its common stock, which equated to   66,120   shares of its common stock, to the Sellers.  The cash paid to the Sellers is subject to customary adjustments for net working capital.  At the closing,    2.0 million   was withheld from the Sellers to satisfy any potential indemnity claims arising under the SPA, the balance of which was paid to the Sellers upon the termination of the indemnity holdback period of   18 months   during the three month period ended September 30, 2016.  
  The Company is obligated to pay up to    242.5 million   upon the achievement of certain clinical, regulatory and sales milestones relating to TCR-based product candidates that may be developed by TCF. A portion of these milestone payments will be made to TCF directly to pay its licensors and employees.  At the Company s option, a portion of the clinical and regulatory milestones may be paid in shares of the Company s common stock to the Sellers. In connection with the acquisition, each of the Sellers entered into non-competition and non-solicitation agreements with the Company, and certain of the Sellers and other key scientists entered into employment agreements with Kite Pharma EU. 
  
   23 

The TCF acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination in accordance with ASC 805. Accordingly, the Company has estimated the purchase price allocation based on the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed.  Intangible assets were valued using the relief from royalty method under the income approach for license agreements, and using the with-and-without method for non-compete agreements. In connection with the acquisition, the Company acquired an exclusive license agreement with IBA GmbH, or IBA, for intellectual property rights relating to certain methods of selecting TCRs.  Additionally, a non-exclusive license agreement with Sanquin Blood Supply Foundation relating to certain methods of detecting and selecting TCRs was acquired. Lastly, the Company acquired a license agreement with the Netherlands Cancer Institute-Antoni Van Leeuwenhoek ( NKI-AVL ) for know-how, materials and protocols, and the right of first negotiation for certain intellectual property rights with relevance to TCRs that may be developed in Dr. Schumacher s lab at the NKI-AVL over the next several years.  NKI-AVL, IBA and Sanquin Blood Supply Foundation have a right to a certain portion of the milestone payments that may be paid under the SPA.  These license agreements are estimated to have a useful life of   ten years  . 
  The preparation of the valuation required the use of significant assumptions and estimates. Critical estimates included, but were not limited to, future expected cash flows, including projected revenues and expenses, and applicable discount rates. These estimates were based on assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable. 
  The following table presents the calculation of the purchase price (in thousands): 

The purchase price is allocated between the tangible and intangible assets and assumed liabilities based on their estimated fair values at March 17, 2015. Based on the Company s valuation of the fair value of tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, the purchase price is allocated as follows (in thousands):   

  In connection with the non-compete agreements and license agreements acquired, the Company established a corresponding deferred tax liability of   $3.8 million  , which is included in the liabilities assumed in the table above. The Company determined that there was no meaningful in-process research and development that should be recorded related to the TCF acquisition. Further, as TCF s operations were immaterial to the Company s financial statements, no pro forma presentations have been made related to TCF. 
  The following table presents amortizable intangible assets acquired and their amortization periods (in thousands): 

During the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  , one of the non-compete agreements with a non-employee Seller was terminated.  As a result, the Seller likewise forfeited the future receipt of funds due under the contingent consideration agreement. As a result, the Company reduced its non-compete agreement intangible asset by   $1.1 million   as well as the deferred tax liability related to the non-compete agreement by   $0.3 million  , and also reduced its contingent consideration liability by   $1.3 million  , which would no longer be payable to this Seller. This resulted in a   $0.5 million   adjustment that was recorded as other income within the condensed consolidated statements of operations. During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   the Company recorded   $0.2 million   and   $0.5 million   as interest expense within the condensed consolidated statements of operations related to contingent consideration accretion, respectively, and recorded   $0.5 million   as interest  
  
   24 

expense during the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2015  . There were no other changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Cell Design Labs Investment 
  The Company accounts for its equity investments under the cost method of accounting when it does not have the ability to exercise significant influence over the investees. For investments where the Company has the ability to exercise significant influence, the equity method of accounting is used. Significant influence is generally deemed to exist if the Company's ownership interest in the voting stock of the investee ranges between 20% and 50%, although other factors, such as representation on the investee's board of directors or any significant business relationships that may exist with the investee, are also considered in determining whether the equity method of accounting is appropriate. Under the equity method of accounting, the investment is recorded at cost in the consolidated balance sheets under the other assets caption, and adjusted for dividends received and our share of the investee's earnings or losses, together with other-than-temporary impairments which are recorded in the consolidated statements of operations. 
  The Company s total equity investment in Cell Design Labs as of   December 31, 2015   was   $1.0 million   and the Company accounted for the investment using the cost method of accounting. On June 1, 2016, the Company entered into a Research Collaboration and License Agreement with Cell Design Labs to develop  on/off switches  for the Company s CAR T cell pipeline. On June 2, 2016, the Company made an additional equity investment in Cell Design Labs of approximately   $6.0 million   in cash. 
  Upon making the additional investment in June 2016, the Company reassessed its ability to exert influence over Cell Design Labs by quantitatively assessing its overall ownership position in Cell Design Labs and the number of voting seats it had on the Cell Design Labs board of directors, as well as by qualitatively assessing the effect of its research collaboration on the investee. Due to the additional June 2016 investment, the Company s ownership interest increased and remains less than   20%  , and the Company also obtained a seat on Cell Design Labs  board of directors. Cell Design Labs  primary research and development efforts are also conducted pursuant to the Company s Research Collaboration and License Agreement with Cell Design Labs. As a result, the Company determined that the prospective application of the equity method of accounting would be appropriate. The equity investment is included in the other assets caption within the condensed consolidated balance sheets. During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company recognized its share of Cell Design Labs  operating loss, which was not material and is included under the other expenses caption within the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
   
  NOTE 13 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
  On November 4, 2016, the Company entered into a lease agreement with CA-Colorado Center, LLC, for primarily office space in Santa Monica to serve as the Company's future headquarters. The lease has a term of   fifteen years   expected to commence on   August 1, 2017  . Upon certain conditions, the Company has three options to extend the lease, each for an additional   five years  . Beginning on the expected lease commencement date of August 1, 2017, the first year of base rent will be abated and beginning on the second year after lease commencement, the base rent on   29,255   square feet of the premises will be abated. Subject to lease commencement and the lease abatement terms, the Company is required to remit base rent of   $876,205   per month, or   $5.50   per square foot, which will increase at a rate of approximately   3%   per year for the first ten years and then   3.5%   per year during years eleven through fifteen.  The Company is posting a customary letter of credit in the amount of   $5.5 million   as a security deposit, which will increase by   $5.5 million   in January 2017.  The amount of the letter of credit may be subject to reductions during the term of the lease beginning in the fourth year of the lease term. Pursuant to a work letter attached to the lease, the landlord will contribute an aggregate of   $17.5 million   toward the tenant improvements for the leased space. 

25 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed financial statements and related notes included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the audited financial statements and notes thereto as of and for the year ended   December 31, 2015   and the related Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, both of which are contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , or Annual Report, which has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to  we,   us,   our  and "Kite" refer to Kite Pharma, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 
  Forward-Looking Statements 
  The information in this discussion contains forward-looking statements and information within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, which are subject to the  safe harbor  created by those sections. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning our strategy, future operations, future financial position, future revenues, projected costs, prospects and plans and objectives of management. The words  anticipates,   believes,   estimates,   expects,   intends,   may,   plans,   projects,   will,   would  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements that we make. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, the risks set forth in Part II, Item 1A,  Risk Factors  in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our other filings with the SEC. The forward-looking statements are applicable only as of the date on which they are made, and we do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements. 
   
  OVERVIEW 
  We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of novel cancer immunotherapy products designed to harness the power of a patient s own immune system to target and kill cancer cells. We do this using our engineered autologous cell therapy, or eACT, which we believe is a transformational approach to the treatment of cancer. eACT involves the genetic engineering of T cells to express either chimeric antigen receptors, or CARs, or T cell receptors, or TCRs. These modified T cells are designed to recognize and destroy cancer cells. 
    
  We are currently conducting five company-sponsored trials of our lead product candidate, KTE-C19, a CAR-based therapy. We are conducting a Phase 2 clinical trial (ZUMA-1) of KTE-C19 in patients with refractory diffuse large B cell lymphoma, or DLBCL, including primary mediastinal B cell lymphoma, or PMBCL, and transformed follicular lymphoma, or TFL. DLBCL, PMBCL and TFL are types of aggressive non-Hodgkin lymphoma, or NHL. We are also conducting a Phase 2 clinical trial (ZUMA-2) of KTE-C19 in patients with relapsed/refractory mantle cell lymphoma, or MCL, a Phase 1-2 clinical trial (ZUMA-3) of KTE-C19 in adult patients with relapsed/refractory acute lymphoblastic leukemia, or ALL, and a Phase 1-2 clinical trial (ZUMA-4) of KTE-C19 in pediatric patients with relapsed/refractory ALL. In the third quarter of 2016, we initiated a multi-center Phase 1b/2 clinical trial (ZUMA-6) of KTE-C19 in combination with Genentech s atezolizumab in patients with refractory DLBCL.  
    
  We plan to initiate a rolling submission of the Biologics License Application, or BLA, for accelerated approval of KTE-C19 as a treatment for patients with refractory aggressive NHL, which includes DLBCL, PMBCL and TFL. A rolling submission allows a company to submit portions of the marketing application to the FDA as they are completed.  We plan to initiate the submission at the end of 2016 and complete the submission by the end of the first quarter of 2017.  After a 60-day filing review period, if accepted for FDA review, the FDA s priority review goal of six months for reviewing and responding to the BLA would begin.  The BLA submission will be based on the primary analysis of ZUMA-1, which will include 72 patients with DLBCL from Cohort 1 and 20 patients with PMBCL or TFL from Cohort 2 with at least six months of follow-up. If approved, we plan to commercially launch KTE-C19 in 2017.   
  We plan to report primary data on patients with at least six months of follow-up from ZUMA-2 and the Phase 2 portions of ZUMA-3 and ZUMA-4 in 2018. If we believe the data are compelling, we plan to pursue FDA approval for these additional indications. 
  
   26 

We opened an additional cohort in ZUMA-1 to allow us to evaluate prophylactic treatment of adverse events, broaden the patient population to include relapsed, transplant-ineligible subjects, and to expand the clinical trial to Europe.  We also plan to initiate clinical trials of KTE-C19 for the treatment of indolent NHL, second line DLBCL, and chronic lymphocytic leukemia in 2017. 
  In addition to advancing our KTE-C19 clinical program, we are continuing to advance our other eACT-based product candidates.  We plan to file an investigational new drug application, or IND, for a TCR-based product candidate, KITE-718, targeting a MAGE A3/A6 antigen for the treatment of MAGE A3/A6 positive cancers including non-small cell lung cancer and bladder cancer by the end of 2016.  We plan to file an IND for a CAR-based product candidate, KITE-585, targeting B cell maturation antigen, or BCMA, for the treatment of multiple myeloma in 2017.  In 2018, we plan to file an IND for a TCR-based product candidate, KITE-439, targeting HPV-16 E7 for the treatment of HPV-16 E7 positive cancers including cervical cancer and head and neck cancer, and a CAR-based product candidate, KITE-796, targeting C-type lectin-like molecule-1, or CLL-1, for the treatment of acute myeloid leukemia.  KITE-796 is a Kite product candidate being developed under our collaboration with Amgen Inc., or Amgen. 
  Recent Developments 
  In September 2016, we announced positive topline results from a pre-planned interim analysis of Cohort 1 of ZUMA-1 Phase 2. KTE-C19 met the primary endpoint of objective response rate, or ORR, p   0.0001, with ORR of 76% percent, including 47% complete remissions.  
  ZUMA-1 Phase 2 enrolled patients with chemorefractory aggressive NHL into two cohorts. Cohort 1 included patients with DLBCL, and Cohort 2 enrolled patients with TFL and PMBCL.  The interim analysis of ZUMA-1 Phase 2 evaluated the ORR in the first 51 patients in Cohort 1 with at least three months of follow-up. This analysis also included an additional 11 patients in Cohort 2. 
  The table below summarizes the response rates from this interim analysis together with the updated results from the Phase 1 portion of our ZUMA-1 clinical trial, as reported at the European Society for Medical Oncology annual congress in October 2016.  

Across the combined 62 patients in ZUMA-1 Phase 2, the most common grade 3 or higher adverse events included neutropenia (66%), anemia (40%), febrile neutropenia (29%), thrombocytopenia (29%), and encephalopathy (26%). Grade 3 or higher cytokine release syndrome, or CRS, and neurological toxicity was observed in 18% and 34% of patients, respectively. Two patients died from KTE-C19 related adverse events (hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis and cardiac arrest in the setting of CRS). 
  Also in September 2016, we entered into a patent license agreement with the National Institutes of Health, or NIH, for an exclusive, worldwide license to certain intellectual property related to multiple TCR-based product candidates for the treatment of tumors expressing mutated KRAS antigens.  We expect the first of the licensed KRAS product candidates to enter clinical study in 2016 as part of our Cooperative Research and Development Agreement, or CRADA, with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, as represented by the National Cancer Institute, or NCI, under the direction of Steven A. Rosenberg, M.D., Ph.D., Chief of the Surgery Branch at the NCI. KRAS is involved in a broad range of solid tumors, such as pancreatic, colorectal and lung cancers. 
  
   27 

OUR RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT AND LICENSE AGREEMENTS 
  We have three CRADAs, through which we are funding the research and development of eACT-based product candidates utilizing CARs and TCRs for the treatment of advanced solid and hematological malignancies. 
  Under the CRADAs, we have an exclusive option to negotiate commercial licenses from the NIH to intellectual property relating to CAR-and TCR-based product candidates developed in the course of the CRADA research plans.  Since entering into the first CRADA in August 2012, we have secured multiple commercial license agreements with the NIH for intellectual property relating to TCR-based product candidates targeting certain SSX2, NY-ESO-1, HPV, MAGE and KRAS antigens, for a CAR-based product candidate targeting EGFRvIII and for a fully-human CAR-based product candidate targeting CD19. 
  In addition, we have a license agreement with Cabaret Biotech Ltd., or Cabaret, and its founder relating to intellectual property and know-how owned or licensed by Cabaret and relating to CAR constructs that encompass KTE-C19. We have also entered into a research collaboration and license agreement with Amgen, or the Amgen Agreement, a collaboration agreement with bluebird bio, Inc., and a license and research agreement with Alpine Immune Sciences, Inc.   
  For additional information regarding our significant collaborations and license agreements, see Note 6 to our financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. 
   
  COMPONENTS OF OPERATING RESULTS 
  Revenues 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , our revenue has included a portion of the upfront payment we received under the Amgen Agreement, reimbursed research and development costs relating to the Amgen targets and a portion of the payments we received under a research, development and commercialization agreement with the Leukemia   Lymphoma Society, Inc. We received an upfront payment of   $60.0 million   from Amgen in February 2015. Amgen will fund the research and development costs for all programs with certain limitations through any IND filing. We will reimburse Amgen for the research and development costs for any Kite program that progresses to an IND filing. Each company will then be responsible for clinical development and commercialization of their respective therapeutic candidates, including all related expenses. We will be responsible for the manufacturing and processing of Amgen program product candidates for a certain period following the completion of any Phase 2 clinical trials under a separately negotiated supply agreement, should Amgen choose not to transition manufacturing to itself or to a mutually agreed upon designee of Amgen. 
  We applied the FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2009-13, Multiple-Deliverable Revenue Arrangements, in evaluating the appropriate accounting for the upfront payment and research funding under the Amgen Agreement. In accordance with this guidance, the   $60.0 million   upfront payment was recorded as deferred revenue and is being recognized over a period of   four years  . In addition, the Amgen research funding, which is due as the related services are performed under the Amgen Agreement, is recorded as revenue on a time and material basis, and the related costs are recorded as research and development expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 
  Under certain circumstances, we may be required to reimburse Amgen for research and development services for Kite targets. We will defer the recognition of revenue related to research and development services billed until the potential reimbursement contingency has lapsed. Any costs reimbursed by Amgen that relate to a Kite program that progresses to an IND filing are recorded as deferred revenue until either an IND is filed and we are required to reimburse Amgen for such expenses, or the program ends without an IND filing, at which point the revenue will be recognized. 
  During the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we recognized   $5.5 million   and   $5.0 million   of revenue under the Amgen Agreement, respectively, and recognized   $15.2 million   and   $12.3 million   of revenue for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had deferred revenue relating to the Amgen Agreement of   $37.5 million  ,   of which $2.7 million relates to Kite programs that would be paid back to Amgen in the event that the Kite programs progress to an IND filing  . 
  In the future, we may generate revenue from a combination of product sales, government or other third-party funding, marketing and distribution arrangements and other collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements or a combination of these approaches. We expect that any revenue we generate will fluctuate from quarter to quarter as a result of the timing and amount of license fees, milestone and other payments, and the amount and timing of payments that we receive upon the sale of our products, to the extent any are successfully commercialized. If we fail to complete the development of our product candidates in a timely manner or obtain regulatory approval of them, our ability to generate future revenue, and our results of operations and financial position, will be materially adversely affected. 
  
   28 

Research and Development Expenses 
  To date, our research and development expenses have related primarily to the development of eACT. Research and development costs consist of salaries and benefits, including associated stock-based compensation, laboratory supplies and facility costs, costs related to commercial manufacturing preparations, as well as fees paid to other entities that conduct certain research and development activities on our behalf and payments made pursuant to license agreements.  We estimate preclinical study and clinical trial expenses based on the services performed pursuant to contracts with research institutions and contract research organizations that conduct and manage preclinical studies and clinical trials on our behalf based on actual time and expenses incurred by them. 
  We accrue for costs incurred as the services are being provided by monitoring the status of the trial or project and the invoices received from our external service providers.  We adjust our accrual as actual costs become known. Where at risk contingent milestone payments are due to third parties under research and development and collaboration agreements, the milestone payment obligations are expensed when the milestone results are achieved. 
  Under certain circumstances, we may be required to reimburse Amgen for research and development services. We will defer the recognition of revenue related to research and development services billed until the potential reimbursement contingency has lapsed. 
  Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Research and development expenses related to the development of eACT consist of expenses incurred in performing research and development activities, including cash and stock-based compensation and benefits for research and development employees and consultants, facilities expenses, overhead expenses, cost of laboratory supplies, manufacturing expenses, fees paid to third parties, including the NCI and contract research organizations. 
  Research and development activities are central to our business model. Product candidates in later stages of clinical development generally have higher development costs than those in earlier stages of clinical development, primarily due to the increased size and duration of later-stage clinical trials. We expect our research and development expenses to increase over the next several years as our ZUMA clinical program progresses and as we seek to initiate clinical trials of additional eACT-based product candidates.  We also expect to incur increased research and development expenses as we selectively identify and develop additional product candidates. However, it is difficult to determine with certainty the duration and completion costs of our current or future preclinical programs and clinical trials of our product candidates. 
  The duration, costs and timing of clinical trials and development of our product candidates will depend on a variety of factors that include, but are not limited to, the following: 
             
    per patient trial costs; 
                
    the number of patients that participate in the trials; 
                
    the number of sites included in the trials; 
                
    the countries in which the trials are conducted; 
                
    the length of time required to enroll eligible patients; 
                
    the number of doses that patients receive; 
                
    the drop-out or discontinuation rates of patients; 
                
    potential additional safety monitoring or other studies requested by regulatory agencies; 
                
    the duration of patient follow-up; and 
                
    the efficacy and safety profile of the product candidates. 
     In addition, the probability of success for each product candidate will depend on numerous factors, including competition, manufacturing capability and commercial viability. We will determine which programs to pursue and how much to fund each program in response to the scientific and clinical success of each product candidate, as well as an assessment of each product candidate s commercial potential. 
  Because eACT is still in the early stages of clinical and preclinical development and the outcome of these efforts is uncertain, we cannot estimate the actual amounts necessary to successfully complete the development and commercialization of product candidates or whether, or when, we may achieve profitability. Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenue, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity or debt financings and collaboration or license arrangements. 
  
   29 

General and Administrative Expenses 
  General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and other related costs, including stock-based compensation, for personnel in executive, commercial, finance, accounting, business development, legal and human resources functions. Other significant costs include facility costs not otherwise included in research and development expenses, legal fees relating to corporate and patent matters, sublicense royalties, insurance, public company expenses relating to maintaining compliance with NASDAQ listing rules and SEC requirements, insurance and investor relations costs, and fees for accounting and consulting services. 
  We anticipate that our general and administrative expenses will increase in the future to support our continued research and development activities, potential commercialization of our product candidates and the increased costs of operating as a public company. These increases will likely include increased costs related to the hiring of additional personnel and fees to outside consultants, lawyers and accountants, among other expenses.  
  Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 
  The preparation of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, and the revenues and expenses incurred during the reported periods. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are relevant under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We discussed accounting policies and assumptions that involve a higher degree of judgment and complexity in Note 3 to our financial statements in our Annual Report. There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates as compared to those disclosed in our Annual Report. 
   
  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  Comparison of the   Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   and   2015    
  The following table sets forth our results of operations for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

Revenue 
  Revenue was   $7.3 million   and   $5.1 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The increase in revenue during this period of   $2.2 million   was primarily due to increased revenue recognized under the Amgen Agreement. 
  
   30 

Research and Development Expenses 
  Research and development expenses were   $57.3 million   and   $21.7 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The increase in research and development expenses during this period of   $35.6 million   was primarily due to: 
             
    $13.7 million   in costs related to our eACT development program and Amgen pre-clinical development program; 
                
    $9.6 million   in compensation expense related to increased research and development staff and consultant costs; 
                
    $5.7 million   of expenses related to our clinical manufacturing activities and preparation for commercial manufacturing; 
                
    $3.5 million   of stock based compensation expense related to increased research and development staff and consultants;  and 
                
    $3.1 million   of expenses related to facilities, depreciation, amortization, travel, and other expenses. 
     General and Administrative Expenses 
  General and administrative expenses were   $25.0 million   and   $11.1 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The increase in general and administrative expenses during this period of   $13.9 million   was primarily due to: 
             
    $7.4 million   of expenses related to increased personnel costs, including employees and professional fees;  
                
    $4.9 million   of stock based compensation expense related to increased general and administrative staff and consultants; and 
                
    $1.6 million   of expense related to marketing, travel, and other expenses. 
     Comparison of the   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   and   2015    
  The following table sets forth our results of operations for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

Revenue 
  Revenue was   $17.3 million   and   $12.4 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The increase in revenue during this period of   $4.9 million   was primarily due to increased revenue recognized under the Amgen Agreement. 
  
   31 

Research and Development Expenses 
  Research and development expenses were   $139.0 million   and   $47.6 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The increase in research and development expenses during this period of   $91.4 million   was primarily due to: 
             
    $23.3 million   in costs related to our eACT development program and Amgen pre-clinical development program; 
                
    $21.7 million   in compensation expense related to increased research and development staff and consultant costs; 
                
    $19.5 million   of expenses related to clinical manufacturing activities and preparation for commercial manufacturing; 
                
    $12.9 million   of stock based compensation expense related to increased research and development staff and consultants; 
                
    $7.2 million   in expenses related to our collaborations with Cell Design Labs and Alpine Immune Sciences; and 
                
    $6.8 million   of expenses related to facilities, depreciation, amortization, travel, and other expenses. 
     General and Administrative Expenses 
  General and administrative expenses were   $65.0 million   and   $30.1 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The increase in general and administrative expenses during this period of   $34.9 million   was primarily due to: 
             
    $17.7 million   of expenses related to increased personnel costs, including employees and professional fees; 
                
    $14.1 million   of stock based compensation expense related to increased general and administrative staff and consultants; and 
                
    $3.1 million   of expense related to marketing, travel, and other expenses. 
      
  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $128.8 million   in cash and cash equivalents, and   $348.4 million   in marketable securities. Cash in excess of immediate requirements is invested in accordance with our investment policy, primarily with a view to liquidity and capital preservation. 
  We have funded our operations principally from the sale of common stock, and through the Amgen collaboration.  In 2015, we received an upfront payment of   $60.0 million   from Amgen, and raised approximately   $300.7 million   in net proceeds from our follow-on offering of common shares in December 2015 as well as from the net proceeds received in January 2015 from the underwriters  exercise in full of their over-allotment option from the December 2014 follow-on offering, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses. 
  We have incurred losses since our inception in 2009 and, as of   September 30, 2016  , we had an accumulated deficit of   $341.8 million  . We anticipate that we will continue to incur losses for at least the next several years. Our primary uses of capital are, and we expect will continue to be, compensation and related expenses, third-party clinical research and development services, laboratory and related supplies, clinical costs, legal and other regulatory expenses and general overhead costs. 
  Because eACT is still in the early stages of clinical and preclinical development and the outcome of these efforts is uncertain, we cannot estimate the actual amounts necessary to successfully complete the development and commercialization of product candidates or whether, or when, we may achieve profitability. Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenue, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity or debt financings and collaboration or license arrangements. 
  
   32 

Cash Flows 
  The following table sets forth the significant sources and uses of cash for the periods set forth below: 

Operating Activities 
  Net cash used in operating activities was   $115.0 million   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to   $5.7 million   in cash provided by operating activities during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase in net cash used in operating activities of   $120.7 million   between the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was primarily the result of cash received from Amgen as an upfront payment related to the Amgen Agreement in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , as well as increased operating expenses due to additional headcount, facilities related costs, and other research and development and clinical activities during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
  Investing Activities 
  Net cash used in investing activities was   $150.2 million   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to   $71.6 million   of cash used by investing activities during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase in cash used in investing activities of   $78.6 million   between the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was primarily the result of the investment of the proceeds from our December 2015 follow-on offering and transactional activity related to our marketable securities portfolio, as well as capital expenditures related to our clinical and commercial manufacturing facilities. 
  Financing Activities 
  Net cash provided by financing activities was   $1.1 million   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to   $29.4 million   in cash provided by financing activities during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The decrease in cash provided by financing activities of   $28.3 million   between the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was primarily the result of the underwriters  exercise in full of their over-allotment option from the December 2014 follow-on offering during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  During the periods presented we did not have, nor do we currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined under SEC rules. 
   
  ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
  The market risk inherent in our financial instruments and in our financial position represents the potential loss arising from adverse changes in interest rates. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $128.8 million   in cash and cash equivalents, and   $348.4 million   in marketable securities. We generally hold our cash in interest-bearing money market accounts. Our exposure to market risk related to interest rate sensitivity is affected by changes in the general level of U.S. interest rates. Due to the short-term maturities of our cash equivalents and marketable securities and the low risk profile of our investments, an immediate 100 basis point change in interest rates would not have a material effect on the fair market value of our cash equivalents and marketable securities.  
  We are also exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk relating to our funding of our European subsidiary, Kite Pharma EU.  Our balance sheet as of   September 30, 2016   includes cash and cash equivalent balances of   $0.5 million   denominated in Euros.  We do not participate in any foreign currency hedging activities.  A hypothetical   10%   increase (decrease) in the value of the Euro would result in a foreign currency translation effect of   $0.1 million   which would be recorded to other comprehensive income (loss). Future changes in the U.S. dollar and Euro exchange rate may result in future recognition of exchange rate losses  
  
   33 

or higher than expected operating expenses as we fund the operations of our subsidiary.  We did not recognize any material exchange rate loss during the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
   
  ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  Our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, after evaluating the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of   September 30, 2016  , have concluded that, based on such evaluation, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
    
  We are in the process of implementing new enterprise resource planning software, Oracle, as part of a plan to integrate and upgrade our systems and processes. The implementation of this software is scheduled to continue in phases over a number of years. During the third quarter of 2016, we migrated certain areas of our business to Oracle, including financial reporting and procurement. As the phased implementation of this system occurs, we are experiencing certain changes to our processes and procedures which, in turn, result in changes to our internal control over financial reporting. While we expect Oracle to strengthen our internal financial controls by automating certain manual processes and standardizing business processes and reporting, management will continue to evaluate and monitor our internal controls as processes and procedures in each of the affected areas evolve. 
  Other than as discussed above, no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

34 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
  From time to time, we may be involved in various claims and legal proceedings relating to claims arising out of our operations. We are not currently a party to any litigation that, in the opinion of our management, is likely to have a material adverse effect on our business. Regardless of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 
  We are involved in an inter partes review and ex parte reexaminations before the United States Patent and Trademark Office.  For information regarding these proceedings, please see  Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property If our efforts to protect the proprietary nature of the intellectual property related to our technologies are not adequate, we may not be able to compete effectively in our market,   Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement may prevent or delay our product discovery and development efforts  and  Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property Issued patents covering our product candidates could be found unpatentable, invalid or unenforceable if challenged in court or the USPTO.  
   
  Item 1A.  Risk Factors 
  An investment in shares of our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information in this report, before deciding whether to purchase, hold or sell shares of our common stock. The occurrence of any of the following risks could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects or cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements we have made in this report and those we may make from time to time. You should consider all of the risk factors described when evaluating our business. The risk factors set forth below that are marked with an asterisk (*) contain changes to the similarly titled risk factors included in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , or Annual Report, which has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. 
  Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
  We have incurred net losses in every year since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur net losses in the future.* 
  We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with a limited operating history. Investment in biopharmaceutical product development is highly speculative because it entails substantial upfront capital expenditures and significant risk that any potential product candidate will fail to demonstrate adequate effect or an acceptable safety profile, gain regulatory approval and become commercially viable. We have no products approved for commercial sale and have not generated any revenue from product sales to date, and we continue to incur significant research and development and other expenses related to our ongoing operations. As a result, we are not profitable and have incurred losses in each period since our inception in June 2009. For the years ended   December 31, 2015   and   2014  , we reported a net loss of   $101.7 million   and   $42.6 million  , respectively. For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we reported a net loss of   $182.1 million   and   $63.4 million  , respectively. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had an accumulated deficit of   $341.8 million  . We expect to continue to incur significant expenditures for the foreseeable future, and we expect these expenditures to increase as we continue our research and development of, and seek regulatory approvals for, product candidates based on our engineered autologous cell therapy, or eACT. Even if we succeed in commercializing one or more of our product candidates, we will continue to incur substantial research and development and other expenditures to develop and market additional product candidates. We may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may adversely affect our business. The size of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the rate of future growth of our expenses and our ability to generate revenue. Our prior losses and expected future losses have had and will continue to have an adverse effect on our stockholders  equity and working capital. 
  eACT represents a novel approach to cancer treatment that creates significant challenges for us.* 
  eACT involves (1) harvesting T cells from the patient s blood, (2) genetically engineering T cells to express cancer-specific receptors, (3) increasing the number of engineered T cells and (4) infusing the functional cancer-specific T cells back into the patient. Advancing this novel and personalized therapy creates significant challenges for us, including: 
             
    Educating medical personnel regarding the potential side effect profile of eACT, such as the potential adverse side effects related to cytokine release and neurotoxicity; 
                
    Using medicines to manage adverse side effects of eACT, such as tocilizumab and corticosteroids, which may not adequately control the side effects and/or may have a detrimental impact on the efficacy of the treatment; 
     
   35 

Sourcing clinical and, if approved, commercial supplies for the materials used to manufacture and process our eACT-based product candidates; 
                
    Developing a robust and reliable process, while limiting contamination risks, for engineering a patient s T cells ex vivo and infusing the engineered T cells back into the patient; 
                
    Conditioning patients with chemotherapy in conjunction with delivering eACT, which may increase the risk of adverse side effects; 
                
    Obtaining regulatory approval, as the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, and other regulatory authorities have limited experience with commercial development of T cell therapies for cancer; and 
                
    Establishing sales and marketing capabilities upon obtaining any regulatory approval to gain market acceptance of a novel therapy. 
     In addition, we expect to use manufacturing and processing approaches to produce engineered T cells that are based on the original approach used by our collaborator, the National Cancer Institute, or NCI. While the NCI has and is expected to use CAR- and TCR-based therapies in clinical trials that we are funding under Cooperative Research and Development Agreements, or CRADAs, we cannot be sure that our engineered T cell therapy will obtain the same safety and efficacy results as those obtained or may be obtained by the NCI using its own original production methods. 
  Our business is highly dependent on the success of KTE-C19, our lead product candidate. KTE-C19 and our other product candidates will require significant additional clinical testing before we can seek regulatory approval and potentially launch commercial sales.* 
  Our business and future success depends on our ability to obtain regulatory approval of and then successfully commercialize our lead product candidate, KTE-C19. All of our product candidates, including KTE-C19, will require additional clinical and non-clinical development, regulatory review and approval in multiple jurisdictions, substantial investment, access to sufficient commercial manufacturing capacity and significant marketing efforts before we can generate any revenue from product sales. In addition, because KTE-C19 is our most advanced product candidate, and because our other product candidates are based on similar technology, if our clinical trials of KTE-C19 encounter safety, efficacy or manufacturing problems, developmental delays or regulatory issues or other problems, our development plans and business would be significantly harmed. Similarly, adverse events in other immuno-oncology or CAR and TCR trials being conducted by our competitors may have a negative impact on our product candidates and development plans. 
  We are partly reliant on the National Cancer Institute for research and development and early clinical testing of certain of our product candidates.* 
  A substantial portion of our research and development has been conducted by the NCI under the CRADA entered into in August 2012. In January 2016 and June 2016, we entered into additional CRADAs for the research and clinical development of additional engineered T cell therapy, including a fully human CAR-based therapy directed against the CD19 antigen for the treatment of B cell lymphomas and leukemias and TCR-based therapies directed against the HPV-16 E7 oncoprotein and in combination with a checkpoint inhibitor in HPV-16 associated solid tumors. 
  The NCI, with Dr. Steven A. Rosenberg as the principal investigator, is responsible for conducting multiple clinical trials of engineered T cell therapy targeting various antigens in small numbers of patients under the 2012 CRADA. In April 2016, the National Institutes of Health, or NIH, announced that it had initiated an evaluation of all of its facilities producing sterile or infused products for administration to research participants.  Preliminary findings identified the NCI cell therapy laboratory that makes products for the clinical trials under the 2012 CRADA as not in compliance with quality and safety standards, and not suitable for the production of sterile or infused products.  According to the NIH, there is no evidence that any patients have been harmed, but a rigorous clinical review is being undertaken. While the NCI has begun enrollment of new patients in  affected trials, we are unable to estimate the timing of any complete resolution. 
  While we expect to have the NCI, with Dr. James N. Kochenderfer as principal investigator, conduct additional clinical trials under the 2016 CRADAs that are unaffected by the NIH facility evaluation, we have limited control over the nature or timing of the NCI s clinical trials and limited visibility into their day-to-day activities, including with respect to how they are providing and administering T cell therapy. For example, the research we are funding constitutes only a small portion of the NCI s overall research. Additionally, other research being conducted by Dr. Rosenberg or Dr. Kochenderfer may at times receive higher priority than research on our programs. 
  
   36 

We are dependent on the NIH for licensing intellectual property rights to certain future product candidates.* 
  Under each CRADA, we have an exclusive option to negotiate commercial licenses from the NIH, to intellectual property relating to CAR- and TCR-based product candidates developed in the course of the CRADA research plan. However, we would have to negotiate with the NIH for such a license. There can be no assurance that we would be able to successfully complete such negotiations and ultimately acquire the rights to the intellectual property surrounding the additional product candidates that we may seek to acquire. Further, to the extent we would like to negotiate a license to a patent filed before the relevant CRADA was entered into, another party may object to the NIH granting us a license during a 30-day public notification period, and the NIH may decide not to grant us the license. 
  Though each CRADA has a five-year term, the NIH review of NCI manufacturing facilities has not reached a final resolution and the NCI may unilaterally terminate any of the CRADAs at any time for any reason or for no reason upon at least 60 days prior written notice. If the NCI unilaterally terminates one or both CRADAs, part or all of the research and development of eACT would be suspended, and we may be unable to research, develop and license future product candidates.   
  We may not be able to file investigational new drug applications, or INDs, to commence additional clinical trials on the timelines we expect, and even if we are able to, the FDA may not permit us to proceed.* 
  We expect that with the early clinical work performed by the NCI pursuant to the CRADAs and the additional research we are performing in-house, including pursuant to the Amgen Agreement, we may pursue the filing with the FDA of a number of INDs over the next several years. We expect to submit an IND for a second product candidate, a TCR-based product candidate, by the end of 2016, for an additional CAR-based product candidate in 2017 and for a TCR-based product candidate and CAR-based product candidate in 2018. However, our timing of filing on the product candidates is dependent on further research. We cannot be sure that submission of an IND will result in the FDA allowing further clinical trials to begin, or that, once begun, issues will not arise that suspend or terminate such clinical trials. For instance, the FDA may not allow us to use the NCI clinical trial data to support our INDs. Additionally, even if such regulatory authorities agree with the design and implementation of the clinical trials set forth in an IND or clinical trial application, we cannot guarantee that such regulatory authorities will not change their requirements in the future. 
  Our clinical trials may fail to demonstrate adequately the safety and efficacy of any of our product candidates, which would prevent or delay regulatory approval and commercialization.* 
  Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of our product candidates, including KTE-C19, we must demonstrate through lengthy, complex and expensive preclinical testing and clinical trials that our product candidates are both safe and effective for use in each target indication. Clinical testing is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. The results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials of our product candidates may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials. We expect there may be greater variability in results for products processed and administered on a patient-by-patient basis, like eACT, than for  off-the-shelf  products, like many drugs. There is typically an extremely high rate of attrition from the failure of product candidates proceeding through clinical trials. Product candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy profile despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical trials. A number of companies in the biopharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to lack of efficacy, insufficient durability of efficacy or unacceptable safety issues, notwithstanding promising results in earlier trials. Most product candidates that commence clinical trials are never approved as products. 
  Data from the NCI preclinical studies and clinical trials of anti-CD19 CAR T cell therapy should not be relied upon as evidence that later or larger-scale clinical trials will succeed. We have designed our ongoing Phase 1-2 single-arm multicenter clinical trial of KTE-C19 primarily to assess safety and efficacy in patients with refractory diffuse large B cell lymphoma, or DLBCL, primary mediastinal B cell lymphoma, or PMBCL, and transformed follicular lymphoma, or TFL. The NCI clinical trials of anti-CD19 CAR T cell therapy involved a limited number of patients, and only a subset of these patients have been diagnosed with refractory DLBCL, PMBCL and TFL. Our clinical trials may also evaluate different CAR T cell doses and chemotherapy conditioning regimens based on emerging safety and efficacy data. The results of the NCI trials to date may not predict results for our ongoing trial or any future studies. In addition, our manufacturing process for KTE-C19 includes what we believe are process improvements that are not part of the anti-CD19 CAR T cell production process that the NCI originally used in its clinical trials. While the NCI began using the same manufacturing process that is being used for KTE-C19, the NCI only treated a limited number of patients using this manufacturing process. Our clinical trials of KTE-C19 may be halted prior to completion if there is an unacceptable safety risk for patients.   
  
   37 

In addition, even if the trials are successfully completed, we cannot guarantee that the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities will interpret the results as we do, and more trials could be required before we submit our product candidates for approval. To the extent that the results of the trials are not satisfactory to the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities for support of a marketing application, approval of our product candidates may be significantly delayed, or we may be required to expend significant additional resources, which may not be available to us, to conduct additional trials in support of potential approval of our product candidates. 
  We have limited experience as a company conducting clinical trials. 
  While we are currently conducting clinical trials of KTE-C19, all of the other preclinical and clinical trials relating to our product candidates have been and are being conducted by the NCI. Although we have recruited a team that has significant experience with clinical trials, we have limited experience as a company in conducting clinical trials. In part because of this lack of experience, we cannot be certain that our ongoing clinical trials will be completed on time or if the planned clinical trials will begin or be completed on time, if at all. Large-scale trials require significant financial and management resources, and reliance on third-party clinical investigators, contract research organizations, or CROs, or consultants. Relying on third-party clinical investigators or CROs may force us to encounter delays that are outside of our control. 
  Monitoring of patient safety in our ongoing and planned clinical trials will be more challenging than the monitoring currently being done by the NCI, which could adversely affect our ability to obtain regulatory approval.* 
  The NCI is a center of excellence for clinical trials in cancer patients, with a large group of experienced staff and a clinical trial support system. Patients enrolled in the NCI clinical trials are generally hospitalized for extended periods of time for dedicated observation, and there is a ready availability of specialized health care professionals and intensive care unit beds if necessary. For our ongoing clinical trials of KTE-C19 and in our planned sponsored multicenter clinical trials of KTE-C19 and other product candidates, we have and expect to contract with academic medical centers and hospitals experienced in the assessment and management of toxicities arising during clinical trials. Nonetheless, the NCI may have greater ability and experience to observe patients and treat toxicities, whether due to personnel changes, inexperience, shift changes, house staff coverage or related issues. This could lead to more severe or prolonged toxicities or even patient deaths, which could result in us or the FDA delaying, suspending or terminating one or more of our clinical trials, and which could jeopardize regulatory approval. Medicines used at sites to help manage adverse side effects of KTE-C19, such as tocilizumab and corticosteroids, may not adequately control the side effects and/or may have a detrimental impact on the efficacy of the treatment. Use of these medicines may increase as we initiate new trial sites. All patients in the Phase 1 portion of ZUMA-1 received tocilizumab and most received corticosteroids. These medicines were infrequently used in the NCI Phase 1-2a clinical trial of anti-CD19 CAR T cell therapy. 
  Our product candidates may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that could halt their clinical development, prevent their regulatory approval, limit their commercial potential or result in significant negative consequences.* 
  Undesirable or unacceptable side effects caused by our product candidates could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Results of our trials could reveal a high and unacceptable severity and prevalence of side effects or unexpected characteristics. 
  In the NCI Phase 1-2a clinical trial of anti-CD19 CAR T cell therapy, when the patients received the CAR T cells, all of them had low blood counts due to the chemotherapy conditioning regimen. Most prominent acute toxicities included symptoms thought to be associated with the release of cytokines, such as fever, low blood pressure, hypoxia, heart dysfunction and kidney dysfunction. Most patients also experienced neurotoxicity, such as ataxia, confusion, somnolence and speech impairment. There have been life threatening events related to cytokine release syndrome and neurotoxicity. Some of these events required intense medical intervention such as intubation or pressor support. Several patients have died, but the deaths were not attributed to the CAR T cells. In addition, in the NCI Phase 1 clinical trial of pediatric or young adult patients with relapsed/refractory acute lymphoblastic leukemia, or ALL, infusion of anti-CD19 CAR T cells was associated with significant, acute toxicities, including febrile neutropenia, cytokine release syndrome, chemical laboratory abnormalities, low blood counts and neurotoxicity. 
  As an anti-CD19 CAR T cell therapy, KTE-C19 has caused similar toxicities as the therapy in the NCI clinical trials as seen in the ZUMA-1 trial. Across the combined 62 patients in ZUMA-1 Phase 2, the most common grade 3 or higher adverse events included neutropenia (66%), anemia (40%), febrile neutropenia (29%), thrombocytopenia (29%), and encephalopathy (26%). Grade 3 or higher cytokine release syndrome, or CRS, and neurological toxicity was observed in 18% and 34% of patients,  
  
   38 

respectively. Two patients died from KTE-C19 related adverse events (hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis and cardiac arrest in the setting of CRS). 
  Patients in the NCI clinical trials of the CAR-based product candidate targeting the EGFRvIII antigen and the TCR-based product candidates are expected to receive high dose Interleukin-2, which is associated with toxicities such as capillary leak syndrome, hypotension, impaired kidney and liver function, and mental status changes. 
  If unacceptable toxicities arise in the development of our product candidates, we or the NCI could suspend or terminate our trials or the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities could order us to cease clinical trials or deny approval of our product candidates for any or all targeted indications. Treatment-related side effects could also affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled subjects to complete the trial or result in potential product liability claims. In addition, these side effects may not be appropriately recognized or managed by the treating medical staff, particularly outside of the NCI as toxicities resulting from personalized T cell therapy are not normally encountered in the general patient population and by medical personnel. We have trained and expect to have to train medical personnel using eACT to understand the side effect profile of eACT for both our clinical trials and upon any commercialization of any eACT-based product candidates. Inadequate training in recognizing or managing the potential side effects of eACT could result in patient deaths. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. 
  If we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in our clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. 
  We may experience difficulties in patient enrollment in our clinical trials for a variety of reasons. The timely completion of clinical trials in accordance with their protocols depends, among other things, on our ability to enroll a sufficient number of patients who remain in the study until its conclusion. The enrollment of patients depends on many factors, including: 
             
    the patient eligibility criteria defined in the protocol; 
                
    the size of the patient population required for analysis of the trial s primary endpoints; 
                
    the proximity of patients to study sites; 
                
    the design of the trial; 
                
    our ability to recruit clinical trial investigators with the appropriate competencies and experience; 
                
    our ability to obtain and maintain patient consents; and 
                
    the risk that patients enrolled in clinical trials will drop out of the trials before the manufacturing and infusion of KTE-C19 or trial completion. 
     In addition, our clinical trials will compete with other clinical trials for product candidates that are in the same therapeutic areas as our product candidates, and this competition will reduce the number and types of patients available to us, because some patients who might have opted to enroll in our trials may instead opt to enroll in a trial being conducted by one of our competitors. Since the number of qualified clinical investigators is limited, some of our clinical trial sites are also being used by some of our competitors, which may reduce the number of patients who are available for our clinical trials in such clinical trial site. Moreover, because our product candidates represent a departure from more commonly used methods for cancer treatment, potential patients and their doctors may be inclined to use conventional therapies, such as chemotherapy and hematopoietic cell transplantation, rather than enroll patients in any future clinical trial. 
  Delays in patient enrollment may result in increased costs or may affect the timing or outcome of our ongoing clinical trial and planned clinical trials, which could prevent completion of these trials and adversely affect our ability to advance the development of our product candidates. 
  Clinical trials are expensive, time-consuming and difficult to design and implement. 
  Human clinical trials are expensive and difficult to design and implement, in part because they are subject to rigorous regulatory requirements. Because our product candidates are based on new technology and engineered on a patient-by-patient basis, we expect that they will require extensive research and development and have substantial manufacturing and processing costs. In addition, costs to treat patients with relapsed/refractory cancer and to treat potential side effects that may result from eACT can be significant. Accordingly, our clinical trial costs are likely to be significantly higher than for more conventional therapeutic technologies or drug products. In addition, our proposed personalized product candidates involve several complex and costly manufacturing and processing steps, the costs of which will be borne by us.   
  
   39 

The market opportunities for our product candidates may be limited to those patients who are ineligible for or have failed prior treatments and may be small. 
  The FDA often approves new therapies initially only for use in patients with relapsed or refractory metastatic disease. We expect to initially seek approval of our product candidates in this setting. Subsequently, for those products that prove to be sufficiently beneficial, if any, we would expect to seek approval in earlier lines of treatment and potentially as a first line therapy, but there is no guarantee that our product candidates, even if approved, would be approved for earlier lines of therapy, and, prior to any such approvals, we will have to conduct additional clinical trials. 
  Our projections of both the number of people who have the cancers we are targeting, as well as the subset of people with these cancers in a position to receive second or later lines of therapy, and who have the potential to benefit from treatment with our product candidates, are based on our beliefs and estimates. These estimates have been derived from a variety of sources, including scientific literature, surveys of clinics, patient foundations, or market research, and may prove to be incorrect. Further, new studies may change the estimated incidence or prevalence of these cancers. The number of patients may turn out to be lower than expected. Additionally, the potentially addressable patient population for our product candidates may be limited or may not be amenable to treatment with our product candidates. For instance, we expect our lead product candidate, KTE-C19, to initially target a small patient population that suffers from aggressive non-Hodgkin lymphomas, or NHL, and ALL. Even if we obtain significant market share for our product candidates, because the potential target populations are small, we may never achieve profitability without obtaining regulatory approval for additional indications. 
  KTE-C19 has received orphan drug status, but we may be unable to maintain or receive the benefits associated with orphan drug status, including market exclusivity.* 
  Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan designation to a drug or biologic intended to treat a rare disease or condition or for which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making available in the United States a drug or biologic for a disease or condition will be recovered from sales in the United States for that drug or biologic. If a product that has orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan product exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications, including a full Biologics License Application, or BLA, to market the same biologic for the same indication for seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan drug exclusivity. 
  We have received orphan drug status for KTE-C19 for the treatment of DLBCL, PMBCL, ALL, mantle cell lymphoma, or MCL, chronic lymphocytic leukemia, or CLL, and follicular lymphoma, or FL, but exclusive marketing rights in the United States may be limited if we seek approval for an indication broader than the orphan designated indication and may be lost if the FDA later determines that the request for designation was materially defective or if we are unable to assure the availability of sufficient quantities of the product to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. The European Commission has also granted KTE-C19 orphan drug designation for the treatment of DLBCL, PMBCL, ALL, MCL, CLL/small lymphocytic lymphoma, and FL. The designation may provide 10 years of market exclusivity in Europe, but is subject to certain limited exceptions. Even though we have obtained orphan drug designation for KTE-C19 for certain indications, we may be unable to obtain orphan drug designation for our future product candidates and we may not be the first to obtain marketing approval for any particular orphan indication. 
  KTE-C19 has received breakthrough therapy designation in the United States for the treatment of refractory DLBCL, PMBCL and TFL and was granted access to Priority Medicines regulatory support in the European Union for the treatment of refractory DLBCL, but there can be no assurance that such designations will result in expedited review or approval.* 
  Breakthrough therapy designation is granted by the FDA and is intended to expedite the development and review of products that treat serious or life-threatening conditions. Access to the Priority Medicines, or PRIME, initiative is granted by the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, to support the development and accelerate the review of new therapies to treat patients with unmet medical need. 
  We have received breakthrough therapy designation for KTE-C19 for the treatment of refractory DLBCL, PMBCL and TFL and received access to PRIME for the treatment of refractory DLBCL, but there can be no assurance that such designations will result in expedited review or approval. The FDA may also rescind the breakthrough therapy designation for KTE-C19 if subsequent data no longer support the designation. Breakthrough therapy designation and access to PRIME does not change the standards for product approval. While we intend to seek breakthrough therapy designation and access to PRIME for other product candidates, we may never receive such designations.   
  
   40 

Our product candidates may not achieve commercialization and our commercial opportunity may be limited.* 
  We expect to initially develop our lead product candidate, KTE-C19. However, one of our strategies is to pursue clinical development of additional product candidates. While we have developed a broad pipeline of additional product candidates, including additional TCR- and CAR-based product candidates, further development and obtaining regulatory approval for and commercializing additional product candidates will require substantial additional funding and is prone to the risks of failure inherent in medical product development. We cannot provide you any assurance that we will be able to successfully advance any of these additional product candidates through the development process. 
  Even if we receive FDA approval to market additional product candidates for the treatment of cancer, we cannot assure you that any such product candidates will be successfully commercialized, widely accepted in the marketplace or more effective than other commercially available alternatives. If we are unable to successfully develop and commercialize additional product candidates, our commercial opportunity will be limited. Moreover, a failure in obtaining regulatory approval of additional product candidates may have a negative effect on the approval process of any other, or result in losing approval of any approved, product candidate. 
  We operate our own clinical manufacturing facility and intend to operate our own commercial manufacturing facility, which will require significant resources and we may fail to successfully operate either or both facilities, which could adversely affect our clinical trials and the commercial viability of our product candidates.* 
  We currently operate our own clinical manufacturing facility and also rely on outside vendors to manufacture clinical supplies and process intermediates, such as viral vectors, to support our clinical trials.  Our product candidates are currently and will continue to be manufactured on a patient-by-patient basis. We have not yet manufactured our product candidates on a commercial scale, and may not be able to achieve commercial manufacturing and processing on our own, including on a patient-by-patient basis, to satisfy demands for any of our product candidates. While we believe the manufacturing and processing approaches are appropriate to support clinical product development, we have limited experience in managing the T cell engineering process, and our processes may be more difficult or more expensive than the approaches taken by our competitors. We cannot be sure that the manufacturing processes employed by us will result in T cells that will be safe and effective, or have the same clinical properties as those used in any NCI-based T cell therapy. 
  We have leased approximately 18,000 square feet near our headquarters in Santa Monica, California, which we use as our clinical manufacturing facility and have also leased approximately 43,500 square feet in El Segundo, California to develop our commercial manufacturing facility. We are currently operating our clinical manufacturing facility, but our operations remain subject to review and oversight by the FDA and the FDA could object to our use of our clinical manufacturing facility. While we have completed construction of our commercial manufacturing facility, we have to complete facility validation, and we must receive approval from the FDA prior to licensure to manufacture our product candidates, which we may never obtain. Even if approved, we would be subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspection by the FDA, the Drug Enforcement Administration and corresponding state agencies to ensure strict compliance with current good manufacturing practices, or cGMPs, and other government regulations.  Our license to manufacture product candidates will be subject to continued regulatory review. 
  We do not yet have sufficient information to reliably estimate the cost of commercial manufacturing and processing of our product candidates, and the actual cost to manufacture and process our product candidates could materially and adversely affect the commercial viability of our product candidates. As a result, we may never be able to develop a commercially viable product. 
  The manufacture of medical products is complex and requires significant expertise and capital investment, including the development of advanced manufacturing techniques and process controls. Manufacturers of cell therapy products often encounter difficulties in production, particularly in scaling out and validating initial production and ensuring the absence of contamination. These problems include difficulties with production costs and yields, quality control, including stability of the product, quality assurance testing, operator error, shortages of qualified personnel, as well as compliance with strictly enforced federal, state and foreign regulations. Furthermore, if contaminants are discovered in our supply of product candidates or in the manufacturing facilities, such manufacturing facilities may need to be closed for an extended period of time to investigate and remedy the contamination. We cannot assure you that any stability or other issues relating to the manufacture of our product candidates will not occur in the future. 
  We may also fail to manage the logistics of collecting and shipping patient material to the manufacturing site and shipping the product candidate back to the patient. Logistical and shipment delays and problems, whether or not caused by us or our vendors, could prevent or delay the delivery of product candidates to patients. Additionally, we have to maintain a complex  
  
   41 

chain of identity with respect to patient material as it moves to the manufacturing facility, through the manufacturing process, and back to the patient. Failure to maintain chain of identity could result in patient death, loss of product or regulatory action.  
  We may also experience manufacturing difficulties due to resource constraints or as a result of labor disputes. If we were to encounter any of these difficulties, our ability to provide our product candidates to patients would be jeopardized. 
  We are currently building our marketing and sales organization and are preparing to market products, if approved. If we are unsuccessful in establishing marketing and sales capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to market and sell our product candidates, we may not be able to generate product revenue. 
  We currently have no sales or distribution capabilities and have no experience in marketing products. We are developing an in-house marketing organization and sales force, which will require significant capital expenditures, management resources and time. We will have to compete with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to recruit, hire, train and retain marketing and sales personnel. If we are unable or decide not to establish internal sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, we will pursue collaborative arrangements regarding the sales and marketing of our products, however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to establish or maintain such collaborative arrangements, or if we are able to do so, that they will have effective sales forces. Any revenue we receive will depend upon the efforts of such third parties, which may not be successful. We may have little or no control over the marketing and sales efforts of such third parties and our revenue from product sales may be lower than if we had commercialized our product candidates ourselves. We also face competition in our search for third parties to assist us with the sales and marketing efforts of our product candidates. 
  There can be no assurance that we will be able to develop in-house sales and distribution capabilities or establish or maintain relationships with third-party collaborators to commercialize any product in the United States or overseas. 
  A variety of risks associated with conducting research and clinical trials abroad and marketing our product candidates internationally could materially adversely affect our business.* 
  We plan to initiate a clinical program for KTE-C19 in Europe in the first quarter of 2017 and ultimately seek regulatory approval of our product candidates outside of the United States. Accordingly, we expect that we will be subject to additional risks related to operating in foreign countries, including: 
             
    differing regulatory requirements in foreign countries; 
                
    unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers, price and exchange controls and other regulatory requirements; 
                
    increased difficulties in managing the logistics of collecting and shipping patient material to a manufacturing site in the United States and shipping the product candidate back to the patient abroad; 
                
    economic weakness, including inflation, or political instability in particular foreign economies and markets; 
                
    compliance with tax, employment, immigration and labor laws for employees living or traveling abroad; 
                
    foreign taxes, including withholding of payroll taxes; 
                
    foreign currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenue, and other obligations incident to doing business in another country; 
                
    difficulties staffing and managing foreign operations; 
                
    workforce uncertainty in countries where labor unrest is more common than in the United States; 
                
    differing payor reimbursement regimes, governmental payors or patient self-pay systems, and price controls; 
                
    potential liability under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 or comparable foreign regulations; 
                
    challenges enforcing our contractual and intellectual property rights, especially in those foreign countries that do not respect and protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the United States; 
                
    production shortages resulting from any events affecting raw material supply or manufacturing capabilities abroad; and 
                
    business interruptions resulting from geo-political actions, including war and terrorism. 
     These and other risks associated with our international operations, including the operations of our European subsidiary, Kite Pharma EU B.V., may materially adversely affect our ability to attain or maintain profitable operations. 
  
   42 

We face significant competition from other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively.* 
  The biopharmaceutical industry is characterized by intense competition and rapid innovation. Our competitors may be able to develop other compounds or drugs that are able to achieve similar or better results. Our potential competitors include major multinational pharmaceutical companies, established biotechnology companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies and universities and other research institutions. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and other resources, such as larger research and development staff and experienced marketing and manufacturing organizations and well-established sales forces. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large, established companies. Mergers and acquisitions in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries may result in even more resources being concentrated in our competitors. Competition may increase further as a result of advances in the commercial applicability of technologies and greater availability of capital for investment in these industries. Our competitors, either alone or with collaborative partners, may succeed in developing, acquiring or licensing on an exclusive basis drug or biologic products that are more effective, safer, more easily commercialized or less costly than our product candidates or may develop proprietary technologies or secure patent protection that we may need for the development of our technologies and products. We believe the key competitive factors that will affect the development and commercial success of our product candidates are efficacy, safety, tolerability, reliability, convenience of use, price and reimbursement. 
  Specifically, genetically engineering T cells faces significant competition in both the CAR and TCR technology space from multiple companies. Even if we obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates, the availability and price of our competitors  products could limit the demand and the price we are able to charge for our product candidates. We may not be able to implement our business plan if the acceptance of our product candidates is inhibited by price competition or the reluctance of physicians to switch from existing methods of treatment to our product candidates, or if physicians switch to other new drug or biologic products or choose to reserve our product candidates for use in limited circumstances. For additional information regarding our competition, see  Item 1. Business Competition  in our Annual Report. 
  We are highly dependent on our key personnel, and if we are not successful in attracting and retaining highly qualified personnel, we may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy.* 
  Our ability to compete in the highly competitive biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries depends upon our ability to attract and retain highly qualified managerial, scientific and medical personnel. We are highly dependent on our management, scientific and medical personnel, including our President and Chief Executive Officer, our Executive Vice President of Research   Development and Chief Medical Officer, our Chief Scientific Officer, our Chief Operating Officer, our Chief Commercial Officer, our Executive Vice President of Technical Operations and our Chief Financial Officer. The loss of the services of any of our executive officers, other key employees, and other scientific and medical advisors, and our inability to find suitable replacements could result in delays in product development and harm our business. Our strong relationship with the NCI is bolstered by our President and Chief Executive Officer s relationship with Dr. Rosenberg of the NCI. If we lose our President and Chief Executive Officer or if Dr. Rosenberg leaves the NCI, our relationship with the NCI may deteriorate and our business could be harmed. We conduct substantially all of our operations at our facilities in Southern California. This region is headquarters to many other biopharmaceutical companies and many academic and research institutions. Competition for skilled personnel in our market is intense and may limit our ability to hire and retain highly qualified personnel on acceptable terms or at all. 
  To induce valuable employees to remain at our company, in addition to salary and cash incentives, we have provided stock options and restricted stock units, or RSUs, that vest over time. The value to employees of stock options or RSUs that vest over time may be significantly affected by movements in our stock price that are beyond our control, and may at any time be insufficient to counteract more lucrative offers from other companies. Despite our efforts to retain valuable employees, members of our management, scientific and development teams may terminate their employment with us on short notice. Although we have employment agreements with our key employees, these employment agreements provide for at-will employment, which means that any of our employees could leave our employment at any time, with or without notice. We do not maintain  key man  insurance policies on the lives of these individuals or the lives of any of our other employees. Our success also depends on our ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled junior, mid-level and senior managers as well as junior, mid-level and senior scientific and medical personnel. 
  
   43 

We have grown rapidly and will need to continue to grow the size of our organization, and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth. 
  As our development and commercialization plans and strategies develop, and as we continue to transition into operating as a public company, we have rapidly expanded our employee base and expect to continue to add managerial, operational, sales, research and development, marketing, financial and other personnel. Current and future growth imposes significant added responsibilities on members of management, including: 
             
    identifying, recruiting, integrating, maintaining and motivating additional employees; 
                
    managing our internal development efforts effectively, including the clinical and FDA review process for our product candidates, while complying with our contractual obligations to contractors and other third parties; and 
                
    improving our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. 
     Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize our product candidates will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage our growth, and our management may also have to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from day-to-day activities in order to devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities. 
  We currently rely, and for the foreseeable future will continue to rely, in substantial part on certain independent organizations, advisors and consultants to provide certain services, including substantial aspects of regulatory approval, clinical management and clinical manufacturing. There can be no assurance that the services of independent organizations, advisors and consultants will continue to be available to us on a timely basis when needed, or that we can find qualified replacements. In addition, if we are unable to effectively manage our outsourced activities or if the quality or accuracy of the services provided by consultants is compromised for any reason, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates or otherwise advance our business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to manage our existing consultants or find other competent outside contractors and consultants on economically reasonable terms, or at all. 
  If we are not able to effectively expand our organization by hiring new employees and expanding our groups of consultants and contractors, we may not be able to successfully implement the tasks necessary to further develop and commercialize our product candidates and, accordingly, may not achieve our research, development and commercialization goals. 
  We may form or seek strategic alliances or enter into additional licensing arrangements in the future, and we may not realize the benefits of such alliances or licensing arrangements.* 
  We may form or seek strategic alliances, create joint ventures or collaborations or enter into additional licensing arrangements with third parties that we believe will complement or augment our development and commercialization efforts with respect to our product candidates and any future product candidates that we may develop. Any of these relationships may require us to incur non-recurring and other charges, increase our near and long-term expenditures, issue securities that dilute our existing stockholders or disrupt our management and business. In addition, we face significant competition in seeking appropriate strategic partners and the negotiation process is time-consuming and complex. Moreover, we may not be successful in our efforts to establish a strategic partnership or other alternative arrangements for our product candidates because they may be deemed to be at too early of a stage of development for collaborative effort and third parties may not view our product candidates as having the requisite potential to demonstrate safety and efficacy. Any delays in entering into new strategic partnership agreements related to our product candidates could delay the development and commercialization of our product candidates in certain geographies for certain indications, which would harm our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
  If we license products or businesses, we may not be able to realize the benefit of such transactions if we are unable to successfully integrate them with our existing operations and company culture. For instance, our research collaboration with Amgen Inc., our collaboration with bluebird bio, Inc., our license and research agreement with Alpine Immune Sciences, Inc. and our research collaboration and license agreement with Cell Design Labs, Inc. all require significant research and development commitments that may not result in the development and commercialization of additional product candidates. In addition, our collaboration with GE Global Research may not result in automation technologies that improve engineered T cell manufacturing. We cannot be certain that, following a strategic transaction or license, we will achieve the results, revenue or specific net income that justifies such transaction. 
  
   44 

We may not realize the benefits of acquisitions, including our acquisition of T-Cell Factory B.V., or other strategic transactions. 
  We acquired T-Cell Factory B.V., or TCF, on March 17, 2015 and renamed the acquired company Kite Pharma EU B.V. We actively evaluate various strategic transactions on an ongoing basis. We may acquire other businesses, products or technologies as well as pursue joint ventures or investments in complementary businesses. The success of acquisitions, including our acquisition of TCF, and any future strategic transactions depends on the risks and uncertainties involved including: 
             
    unanticipated liabilities related to acquired companies; 
                
    difficulties integrating acquired personnel, technologies and operations into our existing business; 
                
    retention of key employees; 
                
    diversion of management time and focus from operating our business to management of strategic alliances or joint ventures or acquisition integration challenges; 
                
    increases in our expenses and reductions in our cash available for operations and other uses; 
                
    disruption in our relationships with collaborators or suppliers as a result of such a transaction; and 
                
    possible write-offs or impairment charges relating to acquired businesses. 
     If any of these risks or uncertainties occur, we may not realize the anticipated benefit of any acquisition or strategic transaction. For example, TCF s TCR-GENErator technology platform may fail to identify TCR-based product candidates that are safe and effective, or at all. Additionally, foreign acquisitions, including our acquisition of TCF, a Dutch company, are subject to additional risks, including those related to integration of operations across different cultures and languages, currency risks, potentially adverse tax consequences of overseas operations and the particular economic, political and regulatory risks associated with specific countries. For instance, we owe significant milestone payments to the sellers of TCF in euros, rather than dollars, and we have not hedged these payments. 
  Future acquisitions or dispositions could result in potentially dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or amortization expenses or write-offs of goodwill, any of which could harm our financial condition. 
  If we fail to obtain additional financing, we may be unable to complete the development and commercialization of our product candidates. 
  Our operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception. We expect to continue to spend substantial amounts to continue the clinical development of our product candidates, including KTE-C19. If approved, we will require significant additional amounts in order to launch and commercialize our product candidates. 
  Changing circumstances may cause us to consume capital significantly faster than we currently anticipate, and we may need to spend more money than currently expected because of circumstances beyond our control. We may require additional capital for the further development and commercialization of our product candidates, including funding our internal manufacturing capabilities and Kite Pharma EU B.V. and may need to raise additional funds sooner if we choose to expand more rapidly than we presently anticipate. 
  We cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. We have no committed source of additional capital and if we are unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development or commercialization of our product candidates or other research and development initiatives. Our license agreements and CRADAs may also be terminated if we are unable to meet the payment obligations under the agreements. We could be required to seek collaborators for our product candidates at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable or on terms that are less favorable than might otherwise be available or relinquish or license on unfavorable terms our rights to our product candidates in markets where we otherwise would seek to pursue development or commercialization ourselves. 
  Any of the above events could significantly harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations and cause the price of our common stock to decline.   
  Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates. 
  We may seek additional capital through a combination of public and private equity offerings, debt financings, strategic partnerships and alliances and licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity  
  
   45 

or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a stockholder. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed payment obligations and could involve certain restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, limitations on our ability to acquire or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. If we raise additional funds through strategic partnerships and alliances and licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies or product candidates, or grant licenses on terms unfavorable to us. 
  Our internal computer systems, or those used by our CROs or other contractors or consultants, may fail or suffer security breaches. 
  Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and those of our future CROs and other contractors and consultants are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses and unauthorized access. While we have not experienced any such material system failure or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our development programs and our business operations. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed or future clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. Likewise, we rely on NCI for research and development of our product candidates and other third parties for the manufacture of our product candidates and to conduct clinical trials, and similar events relating to their computer systems could also have a material adverse effect on our business. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of, or damage to, our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability and the further development and commercialization of our product candidates could be delayed. 
  Business disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses.* 
  Our operations, and those of our CROs and other contractors and consultants, could be subject to earthquakes, power shortages, telecommunications failures, water shortages, floods, hurricanes, typhoons, fires, extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics and other natural or man-made disasters or business interruptions, for which we are predominantly self-insured. The occurrence of any of these business disruptions could seriously harm our operations and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. In addition, we are reliant on the NCI for conducting research and development of certain of our product candidates. The NCI has been affected by the NIH evaluation of its manufacturing facilities, which is delaying clinical trials of early-stage product candidates under our 2012 CRADA, and the NCI may be further affected by government shutdowns or withdrawn funding. 
  We partly rely on third-party manufacturers to produce and process our product candidates on a patient by patient basis. Our ability to obtain clinical supplies of our product candidates could be disrupted if the operations of these suppliers or our manufacturing operations are affected by a man-made or natural disaster or other business interruption. Our corporate headquarters, the location of our manufacturer of the CAR gene, and processing location are in California near major earthquake faults and fire zones. The ultimate impact on us, our significant suppliers and our general infrastructure of being located near major earthquake faults and fire zones and being consolidated in certain geographical areas is unknown, but our operations and financial condition could suffer in the event of a major earthquake, fire or other natural disaster. 
  Our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners and vendors may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements, or our business may be found to be not compliant with regulatory standards requirements.   
  We are exposed to the risk of employee fraud or other illegal activity by our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners and vendors. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct that fails to: comply with the laws of the FDA and other similar foreign regulatory bodies, provide true, complete and accurate information to the FDA and other similar foreign regulatory bodies, comply with manufacturing standards we have established, comply with healthcare fraud and abuse laws in the United States and similar foreign fraudulent misconduct laws, or report financial information or data accurately or to disclose unauthorized activities to us. Similarly, our business could be found to be noncompliant with healthcare regulatory requirements.  If we obtain FDA approval of any of our product candidates and begin commercializing those products in the United States, our potential exposure under such laws will increase significantly, and our costs associated with compliance with such laws are also likely to increase. These laws may impact, among other things, our current activities with principal investigators and research patients, as well as proposed and future sales, marketing and education programs. In particular, the promotion, sales and marketing of healthcare items and services, as well as certain business arrangements in the healthcare industry, are subject to extensive laws designed to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self- 
  
   46 

dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, structuring and commission(s), certain customer incentive programs and other business arrangements generally. Activities subject to these laws also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of patient recruitment for clinical trials. The healthcare laws and regulations that may affect our ability to operate include, but are not limited to: 
             
    the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe, or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce, or in return for, either the referral of an individual, or the purchase, lease, order or recommendation of any good, facility, item or service for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under a federal healthcare program, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs; 
                
    federal civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalty laws, including the federal civil False Claims Act, which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment or approval from Medicare, Medicaid, or other third-party payors that are false or fraudulent or knowingly making a false statement to improperly avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government; 
                
    the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which created new federal criminal statutes that prohibit knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any healthcare benefit program, regardless of the payor (e.g., public or private) and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by any trick or device a material fact or making any materially false statements in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services relating to healthcare matters; 
                
    HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, or HITECH, and their respective implementing regulations, which impose requirements on certain covered healthcare providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses as well as their respective business associates that perform services for them that involve the use, or disclosure of, individually identifiable health information, relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information without appropriate authorization; 
                
    the federal Physician Payment Sunshine Act, created under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care Education Reconciliation Act, which we refer to collectively as the Affordable Care Act, and its implementing regulations, which require certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologicals and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to the United States Department of Health and Human Services  Centers for Medicare   Medicaid Services, or CMS, information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors) and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; and 
                
    federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers. 
     Additionally, we may be subject to state and foreign equivalents of each of the healthcare laws described above, among others, some of which may be broader in scope. For example, we may be subject to: state anti-kickback and false claims laws that may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third party payors, including private insurers; state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government; state laws that require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures; and state and foreign laws governing the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 
  We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics, but it is not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct or business noncompliance, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent inappropriate conduct may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements will comply with applicable healthcare laws may involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental and enforcement authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law interpreting applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, disgorgement,  
  
   47 

monetary fines, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and curtailment of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. In addition, the approval and commercialization of any of our product candidates outside the United States will also likely subject us to foreign equivalents of the healthcare laws mentioned above, among other foreign laws. 
  If product liability lawsuits are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization of our product candidates. 
  We face an inherent risk of product liability as a result of the clinical testing of our product candidates and will face an even greater risk if we commercialize any products. For example, we may be sued if our product candidates cause or are perceived to cause injury or are found to be otherwise unsuitable during clinical testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability or a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit commercialization of our product candidates. Even successful defense would require significant financial and management resources. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 
             
    decreased demand for our product candidates; 
                
    injury to our reputation; 
                
    withdrawal of clinical trial participants; 
                
    initiation of investigations by regulators; 
                
    costs to defend the related litigation; 
                
    a diversion of management s time and our resources; 
                
    substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; 
                
    product recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; 
                
    loss of revenue; 
                
    exhaustion of any available insurance and our capital resources; 
                
    the inability to commercialize any product candidate; and 
                
    a decline in our share price. 
     Our inability to obtain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of products we develop, alone or with corporate collaborators. Our insurance policies may also have various exclusions, and we may be subject to a product liability claim for which we have no coverage. While we have obtained clinical trial insurance for our clinical trials of KTE-C19, we may have to pay amounts awarded by a court or negotiated in a settlement that exceed our coverage limitations or that are not covered by our insurance, and we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient capital to pay such amounts. Even if our agreements with any future corporate collaborators entitle us to indemnification against losses, such indemnification may not be available or adequate should any claim arise. 
  Our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes will be limited.* 
  Under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, if a corporation undergoes an  ownership change  (generally defined as a greater than 50% change (by value) in its equity ownership over a three-year period), the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change income may be limited. As of   December 31, 2015  , we have U.S. and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately   $78.7 million   and   $141.8 million  , respectively. As a result of our private placements and our initial public offering, we triggered two  ownership changes,  which resulted in a limitation in utilization of pre-change attributes. We may also experience ownership changes in the future as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership. Accordingly, if we earn net taxable income, our ability to use our pre-change net operating loss carryforwards to offset U.S. federal and state taxable income may be subject to limitations, which will result in increased future tax liability to us  . 
  Unstable market and economic conditions may have serious adverse consequences on our business, financial condition and stock price.* 
  As widely reported, global credit and financial markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruptions in the past several years, including severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic  
  
   48 

growth, increases in unemployment rates and uncertainty about economic stability. There can be no assurance that further deterioration in credit and financial markets and confidence in economic conditions will not occur. Our general business strategy may be adversely affected by any such economic downturn, volatile business environment or continued unpredictable and unstable market conditions. If the current equity and credit markets deteriorate, or do not improve, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult, more costly, and more dilutive. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, financial performance and stock price and could require us to delay or abandon clinical development plans. In addition, there is a risk that one or more of our current service providers, manufacturers and other partners may not survive these difficult economic times, which could directly affect our ability to attain our operating goals on schedule and on budget. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , we had approximately   $128.8 million   of cash and cash equivalents and   $348.4 million   of marketable securities. While we are not aware of any downgrades, material losses or other significant deterioration in the fair value of our cash equivalents and marketable securities since   September 30, 2016  , no assurance can be given that further deterioration of the global credit and financial markets would not negatively impact our current portfolio of cash equivalents and marketable securities or our ability to meet our financing objectives. Furthermore, our stock price may decline due in part to the volatility of the stock market and the general economic downturn. 
  Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties 
  We rely and will rely on third parties to conduct our clinical trials. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval of or commercialize our product candidates. 
  We depend and will depend upon independent investigators and collaborators, such as universities, medical institutions, CROs and strategic partners to conduct our preclinical and clinical trials under agreements with us, including without limitation the NCI. We negotiate budgets and contracts with CROs and study sites, which may result in delays to our development timelines and increased costs. We will rely heavily on these third parties over the course of our clinical trials, and we control only certain aspects of their activities. Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our studies is conducted in accordance with applicable protocol, legal, regulatory and scientific standards, and our reliance on third parties does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. We and these third parties are required to comply with current good clinical practices, or cGCPs, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities for product candidates in clinical development. Regulatory authorities enforce these cGCPs through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, principal investigators and trial sites. If we or any of these third parties fail to comply with applicable cGCP regulations, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. We cannot assure you that, upon inspection, such regulatory authorities will determine that any of our clinical trials comply with the cGCP regulations. In addition, our clinical trials must be conducted with biologic product produced under cGMPs and will require a large number of test patients. Our failure or any failure by these third parties to comply with these regulations or to recruit a sufficient number of patients may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process. Moreover, our business may be implicated if any of these third parties violates federal or state fraud and abuse or false claims laws and regulations or healthcare privacy and security laws. 
  Any third parties conducting our clinical trials are and will not be our employees and, except for remedies available to us under our agreements with such third parties, we cannot control whether or not they devote sufficient time and resources to our ongoing preclinical, clinical and nonclinical programs. These third parties may also have relationships with other commercial entities, including our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting clinical studies or other drug development activities, which could affect their performance on our behalf. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if they need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated and we may not be able to complete development of, obtain regulatory approval of or successfully commercialize our product candidates. As a result, our financial results and the commercial prospects for our product candidates would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenue could be delayed. 
  Switching or adding third parties to conduct our clinical trials involves substantial cost and requires extensive management time and focus. In addition, there is a natural transition period when a new third party commences work. As a result, delays occur, which can materially impact our ability to meet our desired clinical development timelines. 
  
   49 

We partly rely on third parties to manufacture our clinical product supplies, and we may have to rely on third parties to produce and process our product candidates, if approved. 
  We partly rely on outside vendors to manufacture supplies and process our product candidates. Our reliance on a limited number of third-party manufacturers for clinical product supplies, and if we are unable to develop our own commercial manufacturing facility, for any commercial product supplies, exposes us to the following risks: 
             
    We may be unable to identify manufacturers on acceptable terms or at all because the number of potential manufacturers is limited and the FDA may have questions regarding any replacement contractor. This may require new testing and regulatory interactions. In addition, a new manufacturer would have to be educated in, or develop substantially equivalent processes for, production of our products after receipt of FDA questions, if any. 
                
    Our third-party manufacturers might be unable to timely formulate and manufacture our product or produce the quantity and quality required to meet our clinical and commercial needs, if any. 
                
    Contract manufacturers may not be able to execute our manufacturing procedures appropriately. 
                
    Our future contract manufacturers may not perform as agreed or may not remain in the contract manufacturing business for the time required to supply our clinical trials or to successfully produce, store and distribute our products. 
                
    Manufacturers are subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspection by the FDA, the Drug Enforcement Administration and corresponding state agencies to ensure strict compliance with cGMP and other government regulations and corresponding foreign standards. We do not have control over third-party manufacturers  compliance with these regulations and standards. 
                
    We may not own, or may have to share, the intellectual property rights to any improvements made by our third-party manufacturers in the manufacturing process for our products. 
                
    Our third-party manufacturers could breach or terminate their agreement with us. 
     Our contract manufacturers are also subject to the same risks we face in developing our own manufacturing capabilities, as described above. Each of these risks could delay our clinical trials, the approval, if any of our product candidates by the FDA or the commercialization of our product candidates or result in higher costs or deprive us of potential product revenue. In addition, we will rely on third parties to perform release tests on our product candidates prior to delivery to patients. If these tests are not appropriately done and test data are not reliable, patients could be put at risk of serious harm. 
  Cell-based therapies rely on the availability of specialty raw materials, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. 
  eACT requires many specialty raw materials, some of which are manufactured by small companies with limited resources and experience to support a commercial product, and the suppliers may not be able to deliver raw materials to our specifications. In addition, those suppliers normally support blood-based hospital businesses and generally do not have the capacity to support commercial products manufactured under cGMP by biopharmaceutical firms. The suppliers may be ill-equipped to support our needs, especially in non-routine circumstances like an FDA inspection or medical crisis, such as widespread contamination. We also do not have contracts with many of these suppliers, and may not be able to contract with them on acceptable terms or at all. Accordingly, we may experience delays in receiving key raw materials to support clinical or commercial manufacturing. 
  In addition, some raw materials are currently available from a single supplier, or a small number of suppliers. We cannot be sure that these suppliers will remain in business, or that they will not be purchased by one of our competitors or another company that is not interested in continuing to produce these materials for our intended purpose. 
  If we or our third-party manufacturers use hazardous and biological materials in a manner that causes injury or violates applicable law, we may be liable for damages. 
  Our research and development activities involve the controlled use of potentially hazardous substances, including chemical and biological materials, by our third-party manufacturers. Our manufacturers are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations in the United States governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of medical and hazardous materials. Although we believe that our manufacturers  procedures for using, handling, storing and disposing of these materials comply with legally prescribed standards, we cannot completely eliminate the risk of contamination or injury resulting from medical or hazardous materials. Our own manufacturing facilities make us subject to these same laws, regulations and risks. As a result of any such contamination or injury, we may incur liability or local, city, state or federal authorities may curtail the use of these materials and interrupt our business operations. In the event of an accident, we could be held liable for damages or penalized with fines, and the liability could exceed our resources. We do not have any insurance for liabilities arising from medical or hazardous materials. Compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations is expensive, and current or  
  
   50 

future environmental regulations may impair our research, development and production efforts, which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. 
  Risks Related to Government Regulation 
  The FDA regulatory approval process is lengthy and time-consuming, and we may experience significant delays in the clinical development and regulatory approval of our product candidates.* 
  We have not previously submitted a BLA to the FDA, or similar approval filings to comparable foreign authorities. A BLA must include extensive preclinical and clinical data and supporting information to establish the product candidate s safety and effectiveness for each desired indication. The BLA must also include significant information regarding the chemistry, manufacturing and controls for the product. We expect the novel nature of our product candidates to create further challenges in obtaining regulatory approval. For example, the FDA has limited experience with commercial development of T cell therapies for cancer. We also intend to obtain regulatory approval of future TCR-based product candidates regardless of cancer type or origin, which the FDA may have difficulty accepting if our clinical trials only involved cancers of certain origins. Accordingly, the regulatory approval pathway for our product candidates may be uncertain, complex, expensive and lengthy, and approval may not be obtained. 
  We may also experience delays in completing planned clinical trials for a variety of reasons, including delays related to: 
             
    the availability of financial resources to commence and complete the planned trials; 
                
    reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites; 
                
    obtaining approval at each clinical trial site by an independent institutional review board, or IRB; 
                
    recruiting suitable patients to participate in a trial; 
                
    having patients complete a trial, including having patients enrolled in clinical trials dropping out of the trial before the product candidate is manufactured and returned to the site, or return for post-treatment follow-up; 
                
    clinical trial sites deviating from trial protocol or dropping out of a trial; 
                
    adding new clinical trial sites; or 
                
    manufacturing sufficient quantities of qualified materials under cGMPs and applying them on a subject by subject basis for use in clinical trials. 
     We could also encounter delays if physicians encounter unresolved ethical issues associated with enrolling patients in clinical trials of our product candidates in lieu of prescribing existing treatments that have established safety and efficacy profiles. Further, a clinical trial may be suspended or terminated by us, the IRBs for the institutions in which such trials are being conducted, the Data Monitoring Committee for such trial, or by the FDA or other regulatory authorities due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial site by the FDA or other regulatory authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using a product candidate, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial. The FDA s review of our data of our ongoing clinical trials of KTE-C19 may, depending on the data, also result in the delay, suspension or termination of one or more clinical trials of KTE-C19, which would also delay or prevent the initiation of our other planned clinical trials. If we experience termination of, or delays in the completion of, any clinical trial of our product candidates, the commercial prospects for our product candidates will be harmed, and our ability to generate product revenue will be delayed. In addition, any delays in completing our clinical trials will increase our costs, slow down our product development and approval process and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenue. The NCI is also experiencing difficulties in completing ongoing clinical trials and conducting future clinical trials of product candidates due to the NIH facility evaluation. 
  Many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our product candidates. 
  The FDA may disagree with our regulatory plan and we may fail to obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates.* 
    
  We plan to initiate a rolling submission of the BLA for accelerated approval of KTE-C19 as a treatment for patients with refractory aggressive NHL, which includes DLBCL, PMBCL and TFL. A rolling submission allows a company to submit portions of the marketing application to the FDA as they are completed.  We plan to initiate the submission at the end of 2016  
  
   51 

and complete the submission by the end of the first quarter of 2017. The BLA submission will be based on the primary analysis of ZUMA-1, which will include 72 patients with DLBCL from Cohort 1 and 20 patients with PMBCL or TFL from Cohort 2 with at least six months of follow-up. However, the primary analysis may not support a BLA submission, including due to insufficient durability of efficacy, or the FDA could require longer-term follow-up results, additional data from our clinical trial or additional information relating to GMP compliance that could delay or prevent FDA s filing or approval of our first BLA submission. FDA refusal to file our BLA would delay resubmission and harm our business. Even if filed by the FDA, the FDA may issue a complete response letter on the basis that the benefits of KTE-C19 do not outweigh its risks, or if there are data integrity or GMP compliance concerns.  The FDA may also convene a public advisory committee, typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts, for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved. If an advisory committee were to recommend against the approval of our BLA, we may not be able to succeed in securing approval for KTE-C19 for the treatment of refractory DLBCL, PMBCL and TCL. The FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee. 
  In addition, the general approach for FDA approval of a new biologic or drug is dispositive data from two well-controlled, Phase 3 clinical studies of the relevant biologic or drug in the relevant patient population. Phase 3 clinical studies typically involve hundreds of patients, have significant costs and take years to complete. We believe our accelerated approval strategy is warranted given the limited alternatives for patients with refractory DLBCL, PMBCL and TFL, but the FDA may ultimately require a Phase 3 clinical trial prior to approval, particularly since eACT represents a novel and personalized treatment.  In addition, the standard of care may change with the approval of new products in the same indications that we are studying. This may result in the FDA or other regulatory agencies requesting additional studies to show that our product candidate is superior to the new products. 
  Our clinical trial results may also not support approval. In addition, our product candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval for many reasons, including the following: 
             
    the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the design or implementation of our clinical trials; 
                
    we may be unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities that our product candidates are safe and effective for any of their proposed indications; 
                
    the results of clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities for approval, including due to the heterogeneity of patient populations; 
                
    we may be unable to demonstrate that our product candidates  clinical and other benefits outweigh their safety risks; 
                
    the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; 
                
    the data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates may not be sufficient to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities to support the submission of a BLA or other comparable submission in foreign jurisdictions or to obtain regulatory approval in the United States or elsewhere; 
                
    the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may fail to approve the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we contract for clinical supplies or of any manufacturing facility we develop; and 
                
    the approval policies or regulations of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval.   
     Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in one jurisdiction does not mean that we will be successful in obtaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in other jurisdictions. 
  Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in one jurisdiction does not guarantee that we will be able to obtain or maintain regulatory approval in any other jurisdiction, while a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one jurisdiction may have a negative effect on the regulatory approval process in others. For example, even if the FDA grants marketing approval of a product candidate, comparable regulatory authorities in foreign jurisdictions must also approve the manufacturing, marketing and promotion of the product candidate in those countries. Approval procedures vary among jurisdictions and can involve requirements and administrative review periods different from, and greater than, those in the United States, including additional preclinical studies or clinical trials as clinical studies conducted in one jurisdiction may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions. In many jurisdictions outside the United States, a product candidate must be approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in that jurisdiction. In some cases, the price that we intend to charge for our products is also subject to approval. 
  
   52 

We may also submit marketing applications in other countries. Regulatory authorities in jurisdictions outside of the United States have requirements for approval of product candidates with which we must comply prior to marketing in those jurisdictions. Obtaining foreign regulatory approvals and compliance with foreign regulatory requirements could result in significant delays, difficulties and costs for us and could delay or prevent the introduction of our products in certain countries. If we fail to comply with the regulatory requirements in international markets and/or receive applicable marketing approvals, our target market will be reduced and our ability to realize the full market potential of our product candidates will be harmed. 
  Even if we receive regulatory approval of our product candidates, we will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or experience unanticipated problems with our product candidates. 
  Any regulatory approvals that we receive for our product candidates will require surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product candidate. The FDA may also require a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy in order to approve our product candidates, which could entail requirements for a medication guide, physician communication plans or additional elements to ensure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. In addition, if the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority approves our product candidates, the manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, distribution, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion, import, export and recordkeeping for our product candidates will be subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration, as well as continued compliance with cGMPs and cGCPs for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with our product candidates, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with our third-party manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in, among other things: 
             
    restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of our product candidates, withdrawal of the product from the market, or voluntary or mandatory product recalls; 
                
    fines, warning letters or holds on clinical trials; 
                
    refusal by the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us or suspension or revocation of license approvals; 
                
    product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of our product candidates; and 
                
    injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 
     The FDA s and other regulatory authorities  policies may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or abroad. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. 
  In addition, if we were able to obtain accelerated approval of KTE-C19, the FDA would require us to conduct a confirmatory study to verify the predicted clinical benefit and additional safety studies. The results from the confirmatory study may not support the clinical benefit, which would result in the approval being withdrawn. 
  Even if we obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates, the products may not gain market acceptance among physicians, patients, hospitals, cancer treatment centers and others in the medical community. 
  The use of engineered T cells as a potential cancer treatment is a recent development and may not become broadly accepted by physicians, patients, hospitals, cancer treatment centers and others in the medical community. We expect physicians in the large bone marrow transplant centers to be particularly influential and we may not be able to convince them to use eACT for many reasons. For example, certain of the product candidates that we will be developing target a cell surface marker that may be present on cancer cells as well as non-cancerous cells. It is possible that our product candidates may kill these non-cancerous cells, which may result in unacceptable side effects, including death. Additional factors will influence whether our product candidates are accepted in the market, including: 
             
    the clinical indications for which our product candidates are approved; 
                
    physicians, hospitals, cancer treatment centers and patients considering our product candidates as a safe and effective treatment; 
                
    the potential and perceived advantages of our product candidates over alternative treatments; 
                
    the prevalence and severity of any side effects; 
     
   53 

product labeling or product insert requirements of the FDA or other regulatory authorities; 
                
    limitations or warnings contained in the labeling approved by the FDA; 
                
    the timing of market introduction of our product candidates as well as competitive products; 
                
    the cost of treatment in relation to alternative treatments; 
                
    the availability of coverage, adequate reimbursement and pricing by third-party payors and government authorities; 
                
    the willingness of patients to pay out-of-pocket in the absence of coverage by third-party payors and government authorities; 
                
    relative convenience and ease of administration, including as compared to alternative treatments and competitive therapies; and 
                
    the effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts. 
     In addition, although we are not utilizing embryonic stem cells or replication competent vectors, adverse publicity due to the ethical and social controversies surrounding the therapeutic use of such technologies, and reported side effects from any clinical trials using these technologies or the failure of such trials to demonstrate that these therapies are safe and effective may limit market acceptance of our product candidates. If our product candidates are approved but fail to achieve market acceptance among physicians, patients, hospitals, cancer treatment centers or others in the medical community, we will not be able to generate significant revenue. 
  Even if our products achieve market acceptance, we may not be able to maintain that market acceptance over time if new products or technologies are introduced that are more favorably received than our products, are more cost effective or render our products obsolete. 
  Coverage and reimbursement may be limited or unavailable in certain market segments for our product candidates, which could make it difficult for us to sell our product candidates, if approved, profitably. 
  Successful sales of our product candidates, if approved, depend on the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors. In addition, because our product candidates represent new approaches to the treatment of cancer, we cannot accurately estimate the potential revenue from our product candidates. 
  Patients who are provided medical treatment for their conditions generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with their treatment. Obtaining coverage and adequate reimbursement from governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and commercial payors is critical to new product acceptance. 
  Government authorities and third-party payors, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which drugs and treatments they will cover and the amount of reimbursement. Reimbursement by a third-party payor may depend upon a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the third-party payor s determination that use of a product is: 
             
    a covered benefit under its health plan; 
                
    safe, effective and medically necessary; 
                
    appropriate for the specific patient; 
                
    cost-effective; and 
                
    neither experimental nor investigational. 
     Obtaining coverage and reimbursement approval of a product from a government or other third-party payor is a time-consuming and costly process that could require us to provide to the payor supporting scientific, clinical and cost-effectiveness data for the use of our products. Even if we obtain coverage for a given product, the resulting reimbursement payment rates might not be adequate for us to achieve or sustain profitability or may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. Patients are unlikely to use our product candidates unless coverage is provided and reimbursement is adequate to cover a significant portion of the cost of our product candidates. 
  In the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for products exists among third-party payors. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for products can differ significantly from payor to payor. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our product candidates to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. 
  
   54 

We intend to seek approval to market our product candidates in both the United States and in selected foreign jurisdictions. If we obtain approval in one or more foreign jurisdictions for our product candidates, we will be subject to rules and regulations in those jurisdictions. In some foreign countries, particularly those in the EU, the pricing of biologics is subject to governmental control. In these countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take considerable time after obtaining marketing approval of a product candidate. In addition, market acceptance and sales of our product candidates will depend significantly on the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors for our product candidates and may be affected by existing and future health care reform measures. 
  The advancement of health reform may negatively impact our ability to sell our product candidates, if approved, profitably.* 
  Third-party payors, whether domestic or foreign, or governmental or commercial, are developing increasingly sophisticated methods of controlling healthcare costs. In both the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes to the health care system that could impact our ability to sell our product candidates, if approved, profitably. In particular, in 2010, the Affordable Care Act was enacted. The Affordable Care Act and its implementing regulations, among other things, revised the methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers to the state and federal government for covered outpatient drugs and certain biologics, including our product candidates, under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated, increased the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by most manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, extended the Medicaid Drug Rebate program to utilization of prescriptions of individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations, subjected manufacturers to new annual fees and taxes for certain branded prescription drugs, and provided incentives to programs that increase the federal government s comparative effectiveness research. Additionally, the Affordable Care Act expanded eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs, imposed a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, expanded the entities eligible for discounts under the Public Health Service pharmaceutical pricing program, and implemented a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute.  We are still unsure the full impact that the Affordable Care Act will have on our business.  There have been judicial and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the Affordable Care Act, and we expect additional challenges and amendments in the future. 
  Other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the Healthcare Reform Act was enacted. In August 2011, the Budget Control Act of 2011, among other things, created measures for spending reductions by Congress. A Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction, tasked with recommending a targeted deficit reduction of at least $1.2 trillion for the years 2013 through 2021, was unable to reach required goals, thereby triggering the legislation s automatic reduction to several government programs. This includes aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers up to 2% per fiscal year, which went into effect on April 1, 2013 and, following passage of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, will remain in effect until 2025, unless additional congressional action is taken. In January 2013, President Obama signed into law the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, or the ATRA, which, among other things, reduced Medicare payments to several providers, including hospitals, imaging centers and cancer treatment centers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. 
  There have been, and likely will continue to be, legislative and regulatory proposals at the foreign, federal and state levels directed at broadening the availability of healthcare and containing or lowering the cost of healthcare. For example, there has been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the United States with respect to specialty drug pricing practices.  Specifically, there have been several recent U.S. Congressional inquiries and proposed bills designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. Further, in April 2016, CMS  final rule regarding the Medicaid drug rebate program took effect, among other things, revising the manner in which the  average manufacturer price  is to be calculated by manufacturers participating in the program and implementing certain amendments to the Medicaid rebate statute created under the Affordable Care Act. We cannot predict the initiatives that may be adopted in the future. The continuing efforts of the government, insurance companies, managed care organizations and other payors of healthcare services to contain or reduce costs of healthcare and/or impose price controls may adversely affect: 
             
    the demand for our product candidates, if we obtain regulatory approval; 
                
    our ability to set a price that we believe is fair for our products; 
                
    our ability to generate revenue and achieve or maintain profitability; 
                
    the level of taxes that we are required to pay; and 
                
    the availability of capital. 
     Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors, which may adversely affect our future profitability. 
  
   55 

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
  We depend on intellectual property licensed from third parties and termination of any of these licenses could result in the loss of significant rights, which would harm our business.* 
  We are dependent on patents, know-how and proprietary technology, both our own and licensed from others. 
  We have several license agreements, including with Cabaret Biotech Ltd., or Cabaret, and Dr. Zelig Eshhar, the NIH, Amgen Inc., Alpine Immune Sciences, Inc., The Regents of the University of California and Cell Design Labs, Inc. These licenses may be terminated upon certain conditions. Any termination of these licenses could result in the loss of significant rights and could harm our ability to commercialize our product candidates. In addition, Cabaret and other of our licensors in-license some of the intellectual property rights they are licensing to us. To the extent these licensors fail to meet their obligations under their license agreements, which we are not in control of, we may lose the benefits of our license agreements with these licensors. 
  Disputes may also arise between us and our licensors regarding intellectual property subject to a license agreement, including: 
             
    the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; 
                
    whether and the extent to which our technology and processes infringe on intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the licensing agreement; 
                
    our right to sublicense patent and other rights to third parties under collaborative development relationships; 
                
    our diligence obligations with respect to the use of the licensed technology in relation to our development and commercialization of our product candidates, and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; and 
                
    the ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors and us and our partners. 
     If disputes over intellectual property that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected product candidates. 
  In addition, our subsidiary, Kite Pharma EU B.V., has licenses to certain intellectual property rights relating to its TCR-GENErator platform, and we are subject to the same risks of termination and disputes with respect to our subsidiary s licenses. See  Item 1. Business T-Cell Factory Acquisition  in our Annual Report. We are generally also subject to all of the same risks with respect to protection of intellectual property that we license, as we are for intellectual property that we own, which are described below. If we or our licensors fail to adequately protect this intellectual property, our ability to commercialize products could suffer. 
  If our efforts to protect the proprietary nature of the intellectual property related to our technologies are not adequate, we may not be able to compete effectively in our market.* 
  We rely upon a combination of patents, trade secret protection and license agreements to protect the intellectual property related to our technologies. Any disclosure to or misappropriation by third parties of our confidential proprietary information could enable competitors to quickly duplicate or surpass our technological achievements, thus eroding our competitive position in our market. 
  We primarily rely on our license agreement with Cabaret with respect to CAR-based product candidates generally and KTE-C19 specifically, and rely and expect to rely on license agreements with the NIH for other product candidates. Certain intellectual property which is covered by these agreements has been developed with funding from the U.S. government. As such, our rights in this intellectual property are subject to certain research and other rights of the government. 
    
  Additional patent applications have been filed, and we anticipate additional patent applications will be filed, both in the United States and in other countries, as appropriate. However, we cannot predict: 
             
    if and when patents will issue; 
                
    the degree and range of protection any issued patents will afford us against competitors including whether third parties will find ways to invalidate or otherwise circumvent our patents; 
                
    whether or not others will obtain patents claiming aspects similar to those covered by our patents and patent applications; or 
                
    whether we will need to initiate litigation or administrative proceedings which may be costly whether we win or lose. 
     
   56 

Composition of matter patents for biological and pharmaceutical products such as CAR- or TCR-based product candidates are generally considered to be the strongest form of intellectual property protection for those types of products, as such patents provide protection without regard to any method of use. We cannot be certain that the claims in our pending patent applications covering composition of matter of our product candidates will be considered patentable by the United States Patent and Trademark Office, or the USPTO, or by patent offices in foreign countries, or that the claims in any of our issued patents will be considered patentable by courts in the United States or foreign countries. Method of use patents protect the use of a product for the specified method. This type of patent does not prevent a competitor from making and marketing a product that is identical to our product for an indication that is outside the scope of the patented method. Moreover, even if competitors do not actively promote their product for our targeted indications, physicians may prescribe these products  off-label.  Although off-label prescriptions may infringe or contribute to the infringement of method of use patents, the practice is common and such infringement is difficult to prevent or prosecute. 
  The strength of patents in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical field involves complex legal and scientific questions and can be uncertain. The patent applications that we own or in-license may fail to result in issued patents with claims that cover our product candidates or uses thereof in the United States or in other foreign countries. Even if the patents do successfully issue, third parties may challenge the patentability, validity, enforceability or scope thereof, for example through inter partes review, or IPR, post-grant review or ex parte reexamination before the USPTO or oppositions and other comparable proceedings in foreign jurisdictions, which may result in such patents being cancelled, narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable. For example, on November 16, 2015, March 18, 2016 and August 5, 2016, one or more anonymous parties filed for ex parte reexaminations of certain patents that we licensed pursuant to our agreement with Cabaret. If, as a result, one or more of the claims in these patents are determined to be unpatentable, invalid or unenforceable, our ability to block certain third party CAR products with these patents could be seriously impaired. Even if our patents and applications are unchallenged, they may not adequately protect our intellectual property or prevent others from designing around our claims. If the breadth or strength of protection provided by the patents and patent applications we hold with respect to our product candidates is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to develop, and threaten our ability to commercialize, our product candidates. Further, if we encounter delays in our clinical trials, the period of time during which we could market our product candidates under patent protection would be reduced. United States patent applications containing or that at any time contained a claim not entitled to a priority date before March 16, 2013 are subject to the  first to file  system implemented by the America Invents Act (2011). 
  This first to file system will require us to be cognizant going forward of the time from invention to filing of a patent application. Since patent applications in the United States and most other countries are confidential for a period of time after filing, we cannot be certain that we were the first to file any patent application related to our product candidates. Furthermore, for United States applications in which all claims are entitled to a priority date before March 16, 2013, an interference proceeding can be provoked by a third-party or instituted by the USPTO, to determine who was the first to invent any of the subject matter covered by the patent claims of our applications. 
  In addition to the protection afforded by patents, we seek to rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect proprietary know-how that is not patentable, processes for which patents are difficult to enforce and any other elements of our product discovery and development processes that involve proprietary know-how, information, or technology that is not covered by patents. Although we require all of our employees to assign their inventions to us, and require all of our employees, consultants, advisors and any third parties who have access to our proprietary know-how, information, or technology to enter into confidentiality agreements, we cannot be certain that our trade secrets and other confidential proprietary information will not be disclosed or that competitors will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or independently develop substantially equivalent information and techniques. Furthermore, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent or in the same manner as the laws of the United States. As a result, we may encounter significant problems in protecting and defending our intellectual property both in the United States and abroad. If we are unable to prevent unauthorized material disclosure of our intellectual property to third parties, we will not be able to establish or maintain a competitive advantage in our market, which could materially adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
  Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement may prevent or delay our product discovery and development efforts.* 
  Our commercial success depends in part on our avoiding infringement of the patents and proprietary rights of third parties. There is a substantial amount of litigation involving patents and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries. Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications, which are owned by third parties, exist in the fields in which we are developing our product candidates. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical  
  
   57 

industries expand and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our product candidates may give rise to claims of infringement of the patent rights of others. 
  Third parties may assert that we are employing their proprietary technology without authorization. We are aware of a U.S. patent held by one of our competitors relating to certain CAR compositions of matter. Generally, conducting clinical trials and other development activities in the United States to develop data supporting an FDA new drug application is not considered  infringement.  If and when KTE-C19 or another of our CAR-based product candidates is approved by the FDA, that competitor may then seek to enforce its patent by filing a patent infringement lawsuit against us. On August 13, 2015, we filed a petition with the USPTO to institute an IPR proceeding of this competitor s patent, requesting a determination that the claims in the patent are unpatentable. On February 11, 2016, the USPTO granted our petition to institute the IPR proceeding.  The final oral hearing in this IPR was held at the USPTO s Patent Trial and Appeal Board on October 20, 2016.  In the absence of good cause, we expect a determination within approximately 12 months from the institution of the proceeding. If the USPTO upholds patentability, we as petitioner would be estopped from asserting in court any ground of invalidity that we raised or reasonably could have raised in the IPR proceeding. Any claim of this patent that has not been held to be unpatentable or invalid could potentially be used as a basis to claim infringement and, consequently, to try and block our ability to commercialize certain of our CAR-based product candidates, unless we obtain a license under the applicable patent, or until the patent expires. 
  Additionally, there may be third-party patents of which we are currently unaware with claims to materials, formulations, methods of manufacture or methods for treatment related to the use or manufacture of our product candidates. Because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending patent applications which may later result in issued patents that our product candidates may infringe. In addition, third parties may obtain patents in the future and claim that use of our technologies infringes upon these patents. If any third-party patents were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover the manufacturing process of our product candidates, constructs or molecules used in or formed during the manufacturing process, or any final product itself, the holders of any such patents may be able to block our ability to commercialize the product candidate unless we obtained a license under the applicable patents, or until such patents expire or they are finally determined to be held unpatentable, invalid or unenforceable. In the U.S., issued patents enjoy a presumption of validity in court, but not at the USPTO, that can be overcome in litigation only with evidence that is clear and convincing, a heightened standard. Similarly, if any third-party patent were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover aspects of our formulations, processes for manufacture or methods of use, including combination therapy or patient selection methods, the holders of any such patent may be able to block our ability to develop and commercialize the product candidate unless we obtained a license or until such patent expires or is finally determined to be held unpatentable, invalid or unenforceable. In either case, such a license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we are unable to obtain a necessary license to a third-party patent on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, our ability to commercialize our product candidates may be impaired or delayed, which could in turn significantly harm our business. Parties making claims against us may seek and obtain injunctive or other equitable relief, which could effectively block our ability to further develop and commercialize our product candidates. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, we may have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys  fees for willful infringement, obtain one or more licenses from third parties, pay royalties or redesign our infringing products, which may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary expenditure. We cannot predict whether any such license would be available at all or whether it would be available on commercially reasonable terms. Furthermore, even in the absence of litigation, we may need to obtain licenses from third parties to advance our research or allow commercialization of our product candidates. We may fail to obtain any of these licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all. In that event, we would be unable to further develop and commercialize our product candidates, which could harm our business significantly. 
  We may not be successful in obtaining or maintaining necessary rights to product components and processes for our development pipeline through acquisitions and in-licenses.* 
  Presently we have rights to the intellectual property, through licenses from third parties and under patent applications that we own or will own, to develop KTE-C19 and certain other product candidates. Because our programs may involve additional product candidates that may require the use of proprietary rights held by third parties, the growth of our business will likely depend in part on our ability to acquire, in-license or use these proprietary rights. For instance, while we have certain intellectual property directed to a CAR-based product candidate that targets the EGFRvIII antigen, we may require an additional license relating to the EGFRvIII scFv target binding site in order to commercialize a CAR-based product candidate that targets the EGFRvIII antigen. In addition, while we have patent rights directed to certain CAR constructs, we do not have, and do not expect to obtain, any intellectual property to broad TCR constructs. Rather, any intellectual property directed to TCR-based product candidates that we may obtain would likely be product and/or construct specific. 
  
   58 

Our product candidates may also require specific formulations to work effectively and efficiently and these rights may be held by others. We may be unable to acquire or in-license any compositions, methods of use, processes or other third-party intellectual property rights from third parties that we identify. Even if we are able to obtain a license, it may be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. In that event, we may be required to expend significant time and resources to develop or license replacement technology. 
  The licensing and acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and companies, which may be more established, or have greater resources than we do, may also be pursuing strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider necessary or attractive in order to commercialize our product candidates. More established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, cash resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. 
  For example, for licenses to additional product candidates, we would have to negotiate a license with the NIH or other third parties for the rights to certain patents and patent applications relating to such product candidates. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully complete such negotiations and ultimately acquire the rights to the intellectual property surrounding the additional eACT product candidates that we may seek to acquire. 
  We may be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or the patents of our licensors, which could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful. 
  Competitors may infringe our patents or the patents of our licensors. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming. In addition, in an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that one or more of our patents is not valid or is unenforceable, or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology in question. An adverse result in any litigation or defense proceedings could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated, held unenforceable, or interpreted narrowly and could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, we may have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys  fees for willful infringement, obtain one or more licenses from third parties, pay royalties or redesign our infringing products, which may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary expenditure. 
  Interference proceedings provoked by third parties or brought by the USPTO may be necessary to determine the priority of inventions with respect to our patents or patent applications or those of our licensors. An unfavorable outcome could result in a loss of our current patent rights and could require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license rights to it from the prevailing party. Our business could be harmed if the prevailing party does not offer us a license on commercially reasonable terms. Litigation or interference proceedings may result in a decision adverse to our interests and, even if we are successful, may result in substantial costs and distract our management and other employees. We may not be able to prevent, alone or with our licensors, misappropriation of our trade secrets or confidential information, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as in the United States. 
  Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 
  Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
  Periodic maintenance fees on any issued patent are due to be paid to the USPTO and foreign patent agencies in several stages over the lifetime of the patent. The USPTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. While an inadvertent lapse can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. Noncompliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application include, but are not limited to, failure to respond to official actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents. In such an event, our competitors might be able to enter the market, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
  
   59 

Issued patents covering our product candidates could be found unpatentable, invalid or unenforceable if challenged in court or the USPTO.* 
  If we or one of our licensing partners initiate legal proceedings against a third party to enforce a patent covering one of our product candidates, the defendant could counterclaim that the patent covering our product candidate, as applicable, is invalid and/or unenforceable. In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity and/or unenforceability are commonplace, and there are numerous grounds upon which a third party can assert invalidity or unenforceability of a patent. Third parties may also raise similar claims before administrative bodies in the United States or abroad, even outside the context of litigation. Such mechanisms include IPR, ex parte re-examination and post grant review in the United States, and equivalent proceedings in foreign jurisdictions (e.g., opposition proceedings). For example, on November 16, 2015, March 18, 2016 and August 5, 2016, one or more anonymous parties filed for ex parte reexaminations of certain patents that we licensed pursuant to our agreement with Cabaret. Such proceedings could result in revocation, truncation of term, or amendment to our patents in such a way that they no longer cover our product, or competitor product, candidates. The outcome following legal assertions of unpatentability, invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. With respect to the validity question, for example, we cannot be certain that there is no invalidating prior art, of which we, our patent counsel and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of unpatentability, invalidity and/or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on our product candidates. Such a loss of patent protection could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
  Changes in U.S. patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our products. 
  As is the case with other biopharmaceutical companies, our success is heavily dependent on intellectual property, particularly patents. Obtaining and enforcing patents in the biopharmaceutical industry involve both technological and legal complexity, and is therefore costly, time-consuming and inherently uncertain. Recent U.S. Supreme Court rulings have narrowed the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances and weakened the rights of patent owners in certain situations. In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard to our ability to obtain patents in the future, this combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the value of patents, once obtained. Depending on decisions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts, and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce our existing patents and patents that we might obtain in the future. For example, in the recent case,   Assoc. for Molecular Pathology v. Myriad Genetics, Inc.  , the U.S. Supreme Court held that certain claims to DNA molecules are not patentable. While we do not believe that any of the patents owned or licensed by us will be found invalid based on this decision, we cannot predict how future decisions by the courts, the U.S. Congress or the USPTO may impact the value of our patents. 
  We have limited foreign intellectual property rights and may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world.* 
  We have limited intellectual property rights outside the United States, and, in particular, our patents directed to CAR constructs licensed from Cabaret do not extend outside of the United States. Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States can be less extensive than those in the United States. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in the United States. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our products and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 
  Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biopharmaceutical products, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing products in violation of our proprietary rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and 
  attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any  
  
   60 

lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. 
  We may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information of third parties. 
  We have received confidential and proprietary information from third parties. In addition, we employ individuals who were previously employed at other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. We may be subject to claims that we or our employees, consultants or independent contractors have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed confidential information of these third parties or our employees  former employers. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial cost and be a distraction to our management and employees. 
  Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
  The price of our stock has been and may continue to be highly volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment.* 
  Prior to our initial public offering in 2014, there was no public market for our common stock. We cannot assure you that an active, liquid trading market for our shares will develop or persist. You may not be able to sell your shares quickly or at a recently reported market price if trading in our common stock is not active. The trading price of our common stock following our initial public offering has been and is likely to continue to be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control, including limited trading volume. In addition to the factors discussed in this  Risk Factors  section, these factors include: 
             
    the commencement, enrollment or results of our ongoing and planned clinical trials of our product candidates or any future clinical trials we may conduct, or changes in the development status of our product candidates; 
                
    any delay in our regulatory filings for our product candidates and any adverse development or perceived adverse development with respect to the applicable regulatory authority s review of such filings, including without limitation the FDA s issuance of a  refusal to file  letter or a request for additional information; 
                
    adverse results or delays in clinical trials; 
                
    our or NCI s decision to initiate a clinical trial, not to initiate a clinical trial or to terminate an existing clinical trial; 
                
    the resolution of the NIH facility evaluation and the ability and timing of the NCI to advance clinical trials under the 2012 CRADA; 
                
    adverse regulatory decisions, including failure to receive regulatory approval of our product candidates; 
                
    changes in laws or regulations applicable to our products, including but not limited to clinical trial requirements for approvals; 
                
    adverse developments concerning our manufacturers; 
                
    our inability to obtain adequate product supply for any approved product or inability to do so at acceptable prices; 
                
    our inability to establish collaborations if needed; 
                
    our failure to commercialize our product candidates; 
                
    additions or departures of key scientific or management personnel; 
                
    unanticipated serious safety concerns related to immuno-oncology or related to the use of our product candidates; 
                
    introduction of new products or services offered by us or our competitors; 
                
    announcements of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments by us or our competitors; 
                
    our ability to effectively manage our growth; 
                
    the size and growth of our initial cancer target markets; 
                
    our ability to successfully treat additional types of cancers or at different stages, including the ability of Kite Pharma EU B.V. to discover new TCR-based product candidates; 
                
    actual or anticipated variations in quarterly operating results; 
                
    our cash position; 
                
    our failure to meet the estimates and projections of the investment community or that we may otherwise provide to the public; 
     
   61 

publication of research reports about us or our industry, or immunotherapy in particular, or positive or negative recommendations or withdrawal of research coverage by securities analysts; 
                
    changes in the market valuations of similar companies; 
                
    overall performance of the equity markets; 
                
    sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders in the future; 
                
    trading volume of our common stock; 
                
    changes in accounting practices; 
                
    ineffectiveness of our internal controls; 
                
    disputes or other developments relating to proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters and our ability to obtain patent protection for our technologies; 
                
    significant lawsuits, including patent or stockholder litigation; 
                
    general political and economic conditions; and 
                
    other events or factors, many of which are beyond our control. 
     In addition, the stock market in general, and The NASDAQ Global Select Market and biopharmaceutical companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. Broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. In the past, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities. This type of litigation, if instituted, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which would harm our business, operating results or financial condition. 
  We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock so any returns will be limited to the value of our stock. 
  We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any return to stockholders will therefore be limited to the appreciation of their stock. 
  Our principal stockholders and management own a significant percentage of our stock and will be able to exert significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval.* 
  As of October 31, 2016, our executive officers, directors, and 10% stockholders beneficially owned approximately 25% of our voting stock, a significant portion of which is beneficially owned by Arie Belldegrun, our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman. These stockholders may be able to determine all matters requiring stockholder approval. For example, these stockholders may be able to control elections of directors, amendments of our organizational documents, or approval of any merger, sale of assets, or other major corporate transaction. This may prevent or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or offers for our common stock that you may feel are in your best interest as one of our stockholders. 
  Failure to establish and maintain adequate finance infrastructure and accounting systems and controls could impair our ability to comply with the financial reporting and internal controls requirements for publicly traded companies. 
  As a public company, we operate in an increasingly demanding regulatory environment, including with respect to more complex accounting rules. Company responsibilities required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, include establishing and maintaining corporate oversight and adequate internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important to help prevent financial fraud. 
  Our compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we incur substantial accounting expense and expend significant management efforts. We complied with Section 404 at December 31, 2015 and while our testing did not reveal any material weaknesses in our internal controls, subsequent testing by our independent registered public accounting firm may reveal material weaknesses in our internal controls that we would be required to remediate in a timely manner so as to be able to comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act each year. If we are not able to comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in a timely manner each year, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC, NASDAQ or other regulatory authorities which would require additional financial and management resources and could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Furthermore, if we cannot provide reliable  
  
   62 

financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and results of operations could be harmed and investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information. 
  We have incurred and will incur significant increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management has to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives. 
  As a public company, we have incurred and will continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, which requires, among other things, that we file with the SEC annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as rules subsequently adopted by the SEC and The NASDAQ Global Select Market to implement provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, impose significant requirements on public companies, including requiring establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and changes in corporate governance practices. Further, in July 2010, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or the Dodd-Frank Act, was enacted. There are significant corporate governance and executive compensation related provisions in the Dodd-Frank Act that require the SEC to adopt additional rules and regulations in these areas such as  say on pay  and proxy access. Stockholder activism, the current political environment and the current high level of government intervention and regulatory reform may lead to substantial new regulations and disclosure obligations, which may lead to additional compliance costs and impact the manner in which we operate our business in ways we cannot currently anticipate. 
  We expect the rules and regulations applicable to public companies to substantially increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time-consuming and costly. If these requirements divert the attention of our management and personnel from other business concerns, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The increased costs will decrease our net income or increase our net loss, and may require us to reduce costs in other areas of our business or increase the prices of our products or services. For example, we expect these rules and regulations to make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and we may be required to incur substantial costs to maintain the same or similar coverage. We cannot predict or estimate the amount or timing of additional costs we may incur to respond to these requirements. The impact of these requirements could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as executive officers. 
  Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock by our existing stockholders in the public market could cause our stock price to fall.* 
  Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We are unable to predict the effect that sales may have on the prevailing market price of our common stock. 
  Sales of our common stock by current stockholders may make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate, and make it more difficult for you to sell shares of our common stock. 
  Certain holders of our securities are entitled to rights with respect to the registration of their shares under the Securities Act. Any sales of securities by these stockholders could have a material adverse effect on the trading price of our common stock. 
  We have registered on Form S-8 all shares of common stock that are issuable under our 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, or the EIP. As a consequence, these shares can be freely sold in the public market upon issuance, subject to volume limitations applicable to affiliates. 
  Actual or potential sales of our common stock by our employees, including our directors and executive officers, pursuant to pre-arranged stock trading plans could cause our stock price to fall or prevent it from increasing for numerous reasons, and actual or potential sales by such persons could be viewed negatively by other investors. 
  In accordance with the guidelines specified under Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act, and our policies regarding stock transactions, a number of our employees, including certain executive officers, have adopted and may continue to adopt stock trading plans pursuant to which they arrange to sell shares of our common stock from time to time in the future. Generally, sales under such plans by our executive officers require public filings. Actual or potential sales of our common stock by such persons could cause the price of our common stock to fall or prevent it from increasing for numerous reasons. For example, a substantial number of shares of our common stock becoming available (or being perceived to become available) for sale in the  
  
   63 

public market could cause the market price of our common stock to fall or prevent it from increasing. Also, actual or potential sales by such persons could be viewed negatively by other investors. 
  Future sales and issuances of our common stock or rights to purchase common stock, including pursuant to the EIP, could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause our stock price to fall. 
  We expect that significant additional capital may be needed in the future to continue our planned operations, including conducting clinical trials, commercialization efforts, expanded research and development activities and costs associated with operating a public company. To raise capital, we may sell common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine from time to time. If we sell common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities, investors may be materially diluted by subsequent sales. Such sales may also result in material dilution to our existing stockholders, and new investors could gain rights, preferences and privileges senior to the holders of our common stock. 
  Pursuant to the EIP, our management is authorized to grant stock options and other equity awards to our employees, directors and consultants. 
  The number of shares of our common stock reserved for issuance under our EIP will automatically increase on January 1 of each year continuing through and including January 1, 2024, by 5% of the total number of shares of our capital stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year, or such lesser number of shares determined by our board of directors. In addition, the number of shares of our common stock reserved for issuance under our 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or ESPP, will automatically increase on January 1 of each year continuing through and including January 1, 2024, by the lesser of (1) 1% of the total number of shares of our common stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year, (2)   720,000   shares, or (3) a number determined by our board of directors that is less than (1) and (2). Unless our board of directors elects not to increase the number of shares underlying our EIP and ESPP each year, our stockholders may experience additional dilution, which could cause our stock price to fall. 
  Anti-takeover provisions under our charter documents and Delaware law could delay or prevent a change of control which could limit the market price of our common stock and may prevent or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 
  Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our board of directors that our stockholders might consider favorable. Some of these provisions include: 
             
    a board of directors divided into three classes serving staggered three-year terms, such that not all members of the board will be elected at one time; 
                
    a prohibition on stockholder action through written consent, which requires that all stockholder actions be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; 
                
    a requirement that special meetings of stockholders be called only by the chairman of the board of directors, the chief executive officer, or by a majority of the total number of authorized directors; 
                
    advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and nominations for election to our board of directors; 
                
    a requirement that no member of our board of directors may be removed from office by our stockholders except for cause and, in addition to any other vote required by law, upon the approval of not less than two-thirds of all outstanding shares of our voting stock then entitled to vote in the election of directors; 
                
    a requirement of approval of not less than two-thirds of all outstanding shares of our voting stock to amend any bylaws by stockholder action or to amend specific provisions of our certificate of incorporation; and 
                
    the authority of the board of directors to issue preferred stock on terms determined by the board of directors without stockholder approval and which preferred stock may include rights superior to the rights of the holders of common stock. 
     In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporate Law, which may prohibit certain business combinations with stockholders owning 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock. These anti-takeover provisions and other provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could make it more difficult for stockholders or potential acquirors to obtain control of our board of directors or initiate actions that are opposed by the then-current board of directors and could also delay or impede a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving our company. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors of your choosing or cause us to take other  
  
   64 

corporate actions you desire. Any delay or prevention of a change of control transaction or changes in our board of directors could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
  If securities or industry analysts issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding our stock, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
  The trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. If any of the analysts who cover us issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding us, our business model, our intellectual property or our stock performance, or if the clinical trials and operating results fail to meet the expectations of analysts, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more analysts do not initiate coverage of us, cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
  None, pursuant to Item 701 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act of 1933. 
  Purchase of Equity Securities 
  We did not purchase any of our registered securities during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
  Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities 
  In June 2014, we completed our initial public offering, or IPO, and sold   7,500,000   shares of our common stock at a price of   $17.00   per share. Additionally, the underwriters exercised their option to purchase additional shares for an additional   1,125,000   shares at   $17.00   per share. As a result of our IPO, we raised a total of approximately   $134.1 million   in net proceeds after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of   $10.3 million   and offering expenses of   $2.2 million  . 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the net proceeds from our IPO have been utilized to fund our KTE-C19 clinical program and other programs as well as working capital, including general operating expenses, as further described under the  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. 
   
  ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
  None. 
   
  ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
  Not applicable. 
   
  ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
  On November 4, 2016, we entered into a lease agreement with CA-Colorado Center, LLC, for the lease of approximately 159,310 square feet of primarily office space in Santa Monica to serve as our future headquarters. The lease has a term of   fifteen years   expected to commence on   August 1, 2017  . Upon certain conditions, we have three options to extend the lease, each for an additional   five years  . Beginning on the expected lease commencement date of August 1, 2017, the first year of base rent will be abated and beginning on the second year after lease commencement, the base rent on   29,255   square feet of the premises will be abated. Subject to lease commencement and the lease abatement terms, we are required to remit base rent of   $876,205   per month, or   $5.50   per square foot, which will increase at a rate of approximately   3%   per year for the first ten years after lease commencement and then   3.5%   per year during years eleven through fifteen.  We are posting a customary letter of credit in the amount of   $5.5 million   as a security deposit, which will increase by   $5.5 million   in January 2017.  The amount of the letter of credit may be subject to reductions during the term of the lease beginning in the fourth year of the lease term. Pursuant to a work letter attached to the lease, the landlord will contribute an aggregate of $17.5 million toward the tenant improvements for the leased space. 
  
   65 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
  The following exhibits are filed as part of this report: 

66 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
                     
    KITE PHARMA, INC. 

November 9, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Arie Belldegrun, M.D. 

Arie Belldegrun, M.D. 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

November 9, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Paul Jenkinson 

Paul Jenkinson 

Chief Financial Officer 

67 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 kiteex-1019x30x16.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.1 
  COLORADO CENTER 
  OFFICE LEASE 
  This Office Lease (the "  Lease  "), dated as of the date set forth in   Section 1   of the Summary of Basic Lease Information (the "  Summary  "), below, is made by and between CA-COLORADO CENTER, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company ("  Landlord  "), and KITE PHARMA, INC., a Delaware corporation ("  Tenant  "). 
  SUMMARY OF BASIC LEASE INFORMATION 
                         TERMS OF LEASE 
    DESCRIPTION 
      1.   Date: 
    November 4, 2016 
      2.   Premises (  Article 1  ). 
      
      2.1   Building: 
    2400 Broadway 
    Santa Monica, California 90404 
    ("  Building D  ") 
      2.2   Premises: 
    All of the approximately 159,310 rentable square feet of space ("  RSF  ") in the Building, as further set forth in   Exhibit A   to the Office Lease. 
      2.3   Project: 
    The office building/retail complex currently known as "Colorado Center" which is comprised collectively of the Building and the buildings located at 2401 Colorado Avenue ("  Building A  "), 2425-2501 Colorado Avenue ("  Building B  "), 2525 Colorado Avenue ("  Building C  "), 2450 Broadway ("  Building E  "), and 2500 Broadway ("  Building F  "). The Project contains 1,128,027 RSF in the aggregate. 
      3.   Lease Term (  Article 2  ). 
      
      3.1   Lease Term: 
    Fifteen (15) years. 
      3.2   Lease Commencement Date: 
    The earlier of (i) the date that Tenant first commences to conduct business in the Premises following completion of the "Tenant Improvements" (as defined in   Section 2.1   of   Exhibit B   attached hereto) (i.e., the Commencement Date shall not occur upon usage of the Premises by Tenant pursuant to the "Early Occupancy Right", as defined in   Section 2.1   below), and (ii) August 1, 2017 (the "  Outside Lease Commencement Date  "), which Outside Lease Commencement Date shall be  subject to extension for "Commencement Date Delay" as provided in   Section 5   of the Tenant Work Letter. 
      3.3   Lease Expiration Date: 
    If the Lease Commencement Date shall be the first day of a calendar month, then the day immediately preceding the fifteenth (15th) anniversary of the Lease Commencement Date; or if the Lease Commencement Date shall be other than the first day of a calendar month, then the last day of the month in which the fifteenth (15th) anniversary of the Lease Commencement Date occurs. 
      4.   Base Rent (  Article 3  ): 

Kite Pharma, Inc.      2400 Broadway  Santa Monica, California 90404      Attention:    Corporate Counsel      (After Lease Commencement Date) 
  In either case with a copy to: 
  Advisors LLP  11911 San Vicente Boulevard  Suite 265  Los Angeles, California 90049  Attention: Jordan Fishman, Esq. 
      10.   Address of Landlord (  Article 28  ): 
    See   Article 28   of the Lease. 
      11.   Broker(s) (  Section 29.24  ): 
    CBRE, Inc. (representing Tenant) and 
  L.A. Realty Partners (representing Landlord) 
      12.   Allowances (  Exhibit B  ): 
    Tenant Improvement Allowance: $100 per RSF of the Premises (i.e., $15,931,000.00 for the 159,310 RSF of the Premises).  
  Base Building Allowance: $10 per RSF of the Premises (i.e., $1,593,100 for the 159,310 RSF of the Premises). 
      13.   Parking Pass Ratio (  Section 29.18  ): 
    At all times during the Lease Term Tenant shall be required to lease not fewer than (2) unreserved parking passes for each 1,000 RSF of the Premises (the "  Must Take Parking  "). In addition to the Must Take Parking, Tenant shall have the option to lease up to two (2) additional unreserved parking passes for each 1,000 RSF of the Premises at any time during the Term (for a total of four (4) unreserved passes per 1,000 RSF of the Premises) (in aggregate, the "  Parking Allocation  "). Out of the Parking Allocation, Tenant shall have the right to convert up to twenty (20) parking passes into reserved parking spaces in the locations set forth on   Exhibit I   attached hereto. 
      14.   Right of First Offer (  Section 1.3  ): 
    Tenant has the right of first offer to lease space in Building A or Building E at the Project on and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Section 1.3 of the Lease below. 
      15.   Option Terms (  Section 2.2  ): 
    Tenant has three options to extend the Term by five years each on and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Section 2.2 of the Lease below. 

ARTICLE 1        PREMISES, BUILDING, PROJECT, AND COMMON AREAS 
  1.1        Premises, Building, Project and Common Areas  . 
  1.1.1        The Premises  .  Landlord hereby leases to Tenant and Tenant hereby leases from Landlord the premises set forth in   Section 2.2   of the Summary (the "  Premises  ").  The outline of the Premises is set forth in   Exhibit A   attached hereto and each floor or floors of the Premises has the number of rentable square feet as set forth in   Section 2.2   of the Summary.  The parties hereto agree that the lease of the Premises is upon and subject to the terms, covenants and conditions herein set forth, and Landlord and Tenant each covenant as a material part of the consideration for this Lease to keep and perform each and all of such terms, covenants and conditions by it to be kept and performed and that this Lease is made upon the condition of such performance.  The parties hereto hereby acknowledge that the purpose of   Exhibit A   is to show the approximate location of the "Building," as that term is defined in   Section 1.1.2  , below, only, and such Exhibit is not meant to constitute an agreement, representation or warranty as to the construction of the Premises, the precise area thereof or the specific location of the "Common Areas," as that term is defined in   Section 1.1.3  , below, or the elements thereof or of the access ways to the Premises or the "Project," as that term is defined in   Section 1.1.2  , below.  Except as specifically set forth in this Lease and in the Tenant Work Letter attached hereto as   Exhibit B   (the "  Tenant Work Letter  "), Tenant shall accept the Premises in its presently existing "as-is" condition and Landlord shall not be obligated to provide or pay for any improvement work or services related to the improvement of the Premises.  Tenant also acknowledges that neither Landlord nor any agent of Landlord has made any representation or warranty regarding the condition of the Premises, the Building or the Project or with respect to the suitability of any of the foregoing for the conduct of Tenant's business, except as and to the extent specifically set forth in this Lease and the Tenant Work Letter.  For purposes of Section 1938 of the California Civil Code, Landlord hereby discloses to Tenant, and Tenant hereby acknowledges, that the Premises have not undergone inspection by a Certified Access Specialist (CASp). Except when and where Tenant s right of access is specifically excluded as the result of (i) a requirement by law, or (ii) a specific provision set forth in this Lease, Tenant shall have the right of ingress and egress to, and use of, the Premises, the Building, and the Project parking areas twenty-four (24) hours per day, seven (7) days per week, three hundred sixty-five (365) days per year during the Lease Term. 
  1.1.2        The Building and The Project  .  The Premises are a part of the building set forth in   Section 2.1   of the Summary (the "  Building  ").  The Building is part of an office project known as "  Colorado Center  ."  The term "  Project  ," as used in this Lease, shall mean (i) the Building and the Common Areas, (ii) the land (which is improved with landscaping, subterranean parking facilities and other improvements) upon which the Building and the Common Areas are located, and (iii) those certain other office buildings set forth in   Section 2.3   of the Summary, and the land upon which such office buildings are located. 
  1.1.3        Common Areas  .  Tenant shall have the non-exclusive right to use in common with other tenants in the Project, and subject to the rules and regulations referred to in   Article 5   of this Lease, those portions of the Project which are provided, from time to time, for use in common by Landlord, Tenant and any other tenants of the Project (such areas, together with such other portions of the Project designated by Landlord, in its discretion, including certain areas designated for the exclusive use of certain tenants, or to be shared by Landlord and certain tenants, are collectively referred to herein as the "  Common Areas  ").  The manner in which the Common Areas are maintained and operated shall be at the reasonable discretion of Landlord and the use thereof shall be subject to such reasonable and customary rules, regulations and restrictions as Landlord may make from time to time, provided that Landlord shall at all times maintain and operate the Common Areas in a first class manner at least consistent with Comparable Buildings.  Landlord reserves the right to close temporarily, make alterations or additions to, or change the location of elements of the Project and the Common Areas, as long as such changes do not change the nature of the Project to something other than a first class office building project or materially, adversely affect Tenant s use of the Premises for the Permitted Use, as set forth in   Section 7   of the Summary, Tenant s signage, or Tenant s ingress to or egress from the Project, Building, the Premises or the parking areas servicing the same.   

1.1.4        Gym at Project  . Currently there exists a health and fitness club (the "  Gym  ") at the Project that serves the general public. The current ownership of the Gym has agreed to provide a discount of twenty percent (20%) off of its standard monthly membership fee to employees of Tenant. Landlord shall use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the Gym, or another similar health and fitness club serving the general public (a "  New Gym  ") operates at the Project at all times during the Lease Term, and that the Gym or any New Gym continues to provide a similar membership fee discount to employees of Tenant. 
  1.1.5        Elevator Modernization  .  Landlord and Tenant acknowledge that Landlord has committed to modernize the existing elevator systems in the Building (the "  Elevator Upgrades  "). Landlord will use commercially reasonable effort to complete such Elevator Upgrades within sixteen (16) months after the date of this Lease, subject to Tenant's reasonable cooperation in connection therewith. Notwithstanding the foregoing, so long as Landlord is continuing to use commercially reasonable efforts to complete such Elevator Upgrades, Landlord will not be in default of this   Section 1.1.5   if such Elevator Upgrades have not occurred by any particular date. Landlord will cooperate with Tenant to mutually and reasonably agree on the schedule for such Elevator Upgrades, which shall be completed at Landlord's sole cost and expense. Landlord will keep Tenant informed on the progress of the Elevator Upgrades, including providing updated plans, schedules and status of completion of work upon request by Tenant from time to time.  All Elevator Upgrades shall be completed in accordance with Applicable Laws. The Elevator Upgrades will consist of the following work: 
     Replace elevator Controllers. 
     Replace Hoist machine motors 
     Refurbish hoist machines 
     Install rope gripper brakes per code 
     Replace hoist way wiring, travelers as needed 
     Replace hoist way sensors and operating components 
     Replace car operating panel switches, buttons lights etc. 
     Install car top safety rails per code 
     Install hoist way screens per code 
     New ADA braille plates in cab and in door jambs on all floors 
     New hoist way roller guides 
     New counterweight roller guides 
     New cab fans and intercoms 
             
    Provide new code required lights and outlets in various locations in the hoist way, machine room and pits. 
     1.1.6        Project Upgrades  . Landlord and Tenant acknowledge that Landlord has committed to perform upgrades to the Project Common Areas, and the amenity areas located in Building B (the "  Project Upgrades  "). The current concept plans for the Project Upgrades are attached hereto as   Exhibit K  . Such Project Upgrades are subject to further modification and adjustments to schedule as reasonably elected by Landlord.  Landlord intends that the Project Upgrades will include upgrades to finishes and configuration of the amenity areas in Building B, an expansion to the Project fitness areas, new, upgraded restaurant and food service areas, general aesthetic upgrades to the Project Common Areas. Landlord will use commercially reasonable effort to complete such Project Upgrades on a reasonable schedule following the date of this Lease. Landlord will keep Tenant informed on the progress of the Project Upgrades, including providing updated plans, schedules and status of leasing efforts upon request by Tenant from time to time. All Project Upgrades shall be completed in accordance with Applicable Laws. So long as Landlord is using reasonable efforts to complete such Project Upgrades, Landlord will not be in default of this   Section 1.1.6  . The tenants and operators in the restaurant and retail areas affected by the Project Upgrades shall be consistent with the tenants and operators in the restaurant and retail areas of the Comparable Buildings. 
  1.2        Rentable Square Feet of Premises and Building  .  Landlord and Tenant hereby stipulate and agree that the rentable square feet of the Premises is as set forth in   Section 2.2   of the Summary.  For purposes of this Lease, "  rentable  

square feet  " in any First Offer Space shall be measured in accordance with the  Office Building: Standard Methods of Measurement ANSI/BOMA Z65.1-2010 (or then more current)  method (the    BOMA Standard   ).   
  1.3        Right of First Offer  .  Landlord hereby grants to the Tenant named in the Summary (the "  Original Tenant  ") and any Approved Assignee (as used herein, an "  Approved Assignee  " shall mean any Affiliate or any assignee of Tenant's entire interest in this Lease that is approved by Landlord as provided in   Article 14  , below) an ongoing (except as set forth below) right of first offer (subject to the terms of   Section 1.3.2  , below) to lease space in Building A or Building E at the Project (as set forth in   Section 2.3   of the Summary) (the "  First Offer Space  ").  Notwithstanding the foregoing, such first offer right of Tenant shall commence only following the expiration or earlier termination of any existing lease of the applicable First Offer Space (including any renewal or expansion thereof, and regardless of whether such renewal or expansion is expressly set forth in such existing lease, or whether such renewal is effectuated by a lease amendment or a new lease), and shall be subject and subordinate to any existing prior rights of tenants in the Project with respect to such First Offer Space, and to the rights contained in any "Intervening Lease", as defined below (each, a "  Superior Right Holder  "), which are listed on   Exhibit J   attached hereto.  Tenant's right of first offer shall be on the terms and conditions set forth in this   Section 1.3  .   
  1.3.1        Procedure for Offer  .  Landlord shall notify Tenant (the "  First Offer Notice  ") prior to entering into any lease of First Offer Space to a third party, provided that any Superior Right Holder does not elect to lease such space.  Pursuant to such First Offer Notice, Landlord shall offer to lease to Tenant the First Offer Space.  The First Offer Notice shall describe the space so offered to Tenant and shall set forth the "  First Offer Rent  ," as that term is defined in   Section 1.3.3   below, and the other economic terms upon which Landlord is willing to lease such space to Tenant. 
  1.3.2        Procedure for Acceptance  .  If Tenant wishes to exercise Tenant's right of first offer with respect to the space described in the First Offer Notice, then within fifteen (15) days following delivery of the First Offer Notice to Tenant, Tenant shall deliver notice (the "  First Offer Exercise Notice  ") to Landlord of Tenant's election to exercise its right of first offer with respect to the entire space described in the First Offer Notice on the terms contained in such notice, and concurrently with such exercise, Tenant may, at its option, object to the First Offer Rent contained in the First Offer Notice, in which case the parties shall follow the procedure, and the First Offer Rent shall be determined, as set forth in   Section 2.2.4   below (as if the First Offer Rent were the Option Rent referred to therein).  If Tenant does not deliver the First Offer Exercise Notice to Landlord within the fifteen (15) day period set forth above, then Landlord shall be free to lease the space described in the First Offer Notice to anyone Landlord desires and on any terms Landlord desires (an "  Intervening Lease  ") provided that any expansion rights in any such Intervening Lease shall be subordinate to Tenant's first offer rights set forth in this   Section 1.3  , provided further that (i) if Landlord does not enter into a lease of such space within nine (9) months after delivery of the First Offer Notice, then such space shall again be subject to the right of first offer as set forth herein, and (ii) prior to entering into a lease for a portion of the space offered in the First Offer Space with a third party tenant on terms which, on a net effective, present value basis, are more than 5% more favorable to the tenant than the terms contained in the First Offer Notice, Landlord shall first deliver a revised First Offer Notice to Tenant on such more favorable terms on the terms of this   Section 1.3  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Tenant must elect to exercise its right of first offer, if at all, with respect to all of the space offered by Landlord to Tenant in any First Offer Notice, and Tenant may not elect to lease only a portion thereof. 
  1.3.3        First Offer Space Rent  .  The "Rent" (as that term is defined in   Section 4.1  , below), payable by Tenant for the First Offer Space (the "  First Offer Rent  ") shall be equal to the "Market Rent" (as that term is defined in   Section 2.2.2  , below), for the First Offer Space. 
  1.3.4        Construction In First Offer Space  .  Tenant shall take the First Offer Space in its "as is" condition, and Landlord shall not be obligated to provide or pay for any improvement work or services related to any improvement of the First Offer Space, subject to any improvement allowance or other concessions granted as a component of the First Offer Rent.   
  1.3.5        Lease Amendment  .  In the event that Tenant timely exercises Tenant's right to lease any First Offer Space as set forth in this   Section 1.3  , Landlord and Tenant shall within thirty (30) days thereafter execute an  

amendment to this Lease adding such First Offer Space to the Premises, upon the terms and conditions as set forth in the First Offer Notice and this   Section 1.3  , and otherwise in general compliance with the terms of this Lease, and with other appropriate modifications given the nature of the First Offer Space and the terms of the First Offer Rent.  Tenant shall commence payment of Rent for the First Offer Space, and the term of the First Offer Space shall commence, upon such date as determined as a component of the First Offer Rent (the "  First Offer Commencement     Date  "),     and shall terminate on the date set forth in the First Offer Notice (the "  First Offer Term  "). 
  1.3.6        Termination of Right of First Offer  .  The rights contained in this   Section 1.3   shall be personal to the Original Tenant and any Approved Assignee, and may only be exercised by the Original Tenant or such Approved Assignee (and not any other assignee, sublessee or transferee of Tenant's interest in the Lease) if the Original Tenant or Approved Assignee physically occupies no less than seventy five percent (75%) of the Premises as of the date of the attempted exercise of the right of first offer by Tenant and as of the scheduled date of delivery of such First Offer Space to Tenant. The right of first offer shall not be applicable during the final three (3) years of the Lease Term (as it may be extended) unless Tenant first irrevocably exercises its right to extend the Lease Term with respect to the initial Premises for an available remaining Option Term as provided in   Section 2.2  , below (and, notwithstanding the terms of   Section 2.2  , Tenant shall have the right to deliver an Option Exercise Notice concurrently with Tenant s delivery of the First Offer Exercise Notice, and in such event the Option Rent shall be determined as provided in   Section 2.2.4   of this Lease). Tenant shall not have the right to lease First Offer Space, as provided in this   Section 1.3  , if, as of the date of the attempted exercise of any right of first offer by Tenant, or (at Landlord's option) as of the scheduled date of delivery of such First Offer Space to Tenant, Tenant is in Default.   
  1.3.7        Coterminous Term  .  The term of Tenant s lease of First Offer Space shall be coterminous with the Lease Term under this Lease, as the same may be extended as provided in   Section 1.3.6  , above, and the applicable components of the First Offer Rent (including applicable concessions) shall be appropriately adjusted to account for the difference in the length of the actual, coterminous term of Tenant s lease of such First Offer Space from the length of term proposed in the applicable First Offer Notice, or determined as a result of the Market Rent applicable to such First Offer Space. 
  1.4        Patio Areas  .   Tenant shall have the right (i) to exclusive access and use of a patio area to be developed by Tenant in the area of the Project directly adjacent to the Building on the south-east side (the "  Exclusive Patio  "), (ii) the right to access the patio that connects the 2   nd    floor of the Building with the 2   nd    floor of Building A (i.e. 2701 Colorado), and to use approximately 50% of such patio (such 50% portion being referred to herein as the    Shared     Patio   ) on a non-exclusive basis. The Exclusive Patio and Shared Patio are referred to herein collectively as the "  Patio  " and are designated on   Exhibit A-1   attached hereto. Subject to the terms of this Lease and the Tenant Work Letter, Tenant shall have the right to modify the Exclusive Patio area so that it is accessible by Tenant from the Premises or Project Common Areas and is usable by Tenant as a patio area.  If any portion of the Patio is not currently accessible from the Building and, if Tenant desires to use such portion of the Patio, Tenant, at its sole cost and expense, shall be responsible for performing any alterations and additions that are necessary to provide access to the Patio (any work performed by Tenant to the Patio under this   Section 1.4   is referred to as the    Patio Improvements   ). Any such Patio Improvements   shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Tenant Work Letter, if constructed as a part of the Tenant Improvements, or   Article 8   of the Lease. Tenant shall be responsible for obtaining any required permits and governmental approvals, it being agreed that Landlord has made no representation to Tenant that access to the Patio or the construction of Patio Improvements will be permitted under applicable law. Landlord will use commercially reasonable efforts, at no cost to Landlord, to assist Tenant in obtaining any required governmental approvals for use of the Patio. Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for Landlord s actual reasonable out-of-pocket costs incurred in connection with any governmentally required changes to the Base Building components required in connection with any Patio Improvements. Any use of the Patio by Tenant shall be in a manner consistent with a first-class office project containing balconies and/or patios, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and subject to all limitations and restrictions on use of the Premises in this Lease (including, without limitation, the insurance and indemnification and waiver provisions set forth in   Article 10  , below).  Except for the Patio Improvements, Tenant shall not make any Alterations or improvements to the Patio.  Tenant may, subject to applicable Laws and at its sole cost and expense, affix  or place furniture, umbrellas or other similar items   (collectively,    Patio Furniture   ) on the  

Patio, subject to Landlord s reasonable approval which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed (provided that Landlord's consent  shall be deemed to be reasonably denied to the extent the Patio Furniture is inconsistent with a first class office project). Tenant may install Patio Furniture, including patio umbrellas, that use Tenant's desired color scheme, but the Patio Furniture shall not include logos, names or graphics. Tenant, at its sole cost and expense, shall be responsible for maintaining the Patio Furniture in good condition and repair and for any periodic cleaning that is necessary or desirable with respect to the Patio Furniture.  Tenant shall also be responsible for any additional extraordinary costs relating to Tenant's use of the Patio areas, including, without limitation, cleaning and security costs in connection with Tenant s use of the Patio for special events or activities, and that require cleaning, security or other services materially in excess of the service required for Tenant s typical day-to-day use of the Patio, and provided that any such special events or activities shall be subject to Landlord s prior approval, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.  
   
  ARTICLE 2            LEASE TERM; OPTION TERMS 
  2.1        Lease Term  .  The terms and provisions of this Lease shall be effective as of the date of this Lease.  The term of this Lease (the "  Lease Term  ") shall commence on the "  Lease Commencement Date  ," as that term is set forth in   Section 3.2   of the Summary, and shall terminate on the "  Lease Expiration Date  ," as that term is set forth in   Section 3.3   of the Summary, unless this Lease is sooner terminated as hereinafter provided. Tenant shall have the right to occupy the Premises prior to the Lease Commencement Date for the conduct of business (the "  Early Occupancy Right  "), provided that (A) Tenant shall give Landlord prior notice of any such occupancy of the Premises, (B) a certificate of occupancy, temporary certificate of occupancy, or its legal equivalent, shall have been issued by the appropriate governmental authorities for the Premises, and (C) all of the terms and conditions of the Lease shall apply, other than Tenant's obligation to pay "Base Rent," as that term is defined in Article 3 below, and "Tenant's Share" of the "Direct Expenses," as those terms are defined in Article 4, below, as though the Lease Commencement Date had occurred (although the Lease Commencement Date shall not actually occur until the occurrence of the same pursuant to the terms of the second sentence of this Article 2) upon such occupancy of the Premises by Tenant. For purposes of this Lease, the term "  Lease Year  " shall mean each consecutive twelve (12) month period during the Lease Term.  At any time during the Lease Term, Landlord may deliver to Tenant a notice in the form as set forth in   Exhibit C  , attached hereto, as a confirmation only of the information set forth therein, which Tenant shall execute and return to Landlord within fifteen (15) business days of receipt thereof (provided that if said notice is not factually correct, then Tenant shall make such changes as are necessary to make the notice factually correct and shall thereafter execute and return such notice to Landlord within such fifteen (15) business day period).   
  2.2        Option Terms  . 
  2.2.1        Option Rights  .  Landlord hereby grants the Original Tenant or an Approved Assignee, as the case may be, three (3) options to extend the Lease Term for a period of five (5) years each (each, an    Option Term   ), which options shall be exercisable only by written notice delivered by Tenant to Landlord as provided below, provided that, as of the date of delivery of such  notice, Tenant is not in Default under this Lease.  Upon the proper exercise of such option to extend, the Lease Term shall be extended for a period of five (5) years with respect to the entire Premises.   
  2.2.2        Option Rent  .  The Rent payable by Tenant during each Option Term (the "  Option Rent  ") shall be equal to the "  Market Rent  ," as that term is defined in   Exhibit H  , attached hereto, as such Market Rent is determined pursuant to   Exhibit H  , attached hereto.      The calculation of the "  Market Rent  " shall be derived from a review of, and comparison to, the "  Net Equivalent Lease Rates  " of the "  Comparable Transactions  ," as provided for in   Exhibit H  , and thereafter, the Market Rent shall be stated as a "Net Equivalent Lease Rate" for each year of the subject Option Term. 
  2.2.3        Exercise of Options  .  The options contained in this   Section 2.2   shall be exercised by Tenant, if at all, only in the following manner.  Tenant may deliver notice (the "  Option Interest Notice  ") to Landlord not more than twenty (20) months nor less than seventeen (17) months prior to the expiration of the then Lease Term, stating that Tenant is interested in exercising its option; and,  if Landlord timely receives the Option Interest Notice, Landlord shall deliver  

notice (the "  Option Rent Notice  ") to Tenant not less than sixteen (16) months prior to the expiration of the then Lease Term, setting forth the Landlord's determination of Market Rent.  At Tenant's election, if Tenant has previously delivered the Option Interest Notice,   Tenant may, by written notice to Landlord, on or before the date occurring   fifteen (15) months prior to the expiration of the then Lease Term  , request Landlord's determination of the   Market Rent   which Landlord would submit to arbitration, if arbitration were to occur under   Section 2.2.4  , below, and within ten (10) days of such request, Landlord and Tenant shall each simultaneously deliver to the other their determinations of the   Market Rent   (provided that the determination of the   Market Rent   submitted by Landlord shall not exceed the   Market Rent   set forth in the Option Rent Notice) that each would submit to arbitration if arbitration were to occur under   Section 2.2.4  , below (the "  Arbitration Fair Market Rental Values  ") (provided that if Tenant has requested an exchange of Arbitration Fair Market Rental Values and Landlord fails to provide Landlord's Arbitration Fair Market Rental Value, then the Option Rent contained in the Option Rent Notice shall be deemed Landlord's Arbitration Fair Market Rental Value, and, so long as Tenant has delivered to Landlord its Arbitration Fair Market Rental Value, the Arbitration Fair Market Rental Values shall be deemed determined and exchanged).  Whether or not Arbitration Fair Market Rental Values were determined and exchanged pursuant to the terms above, if Tenant wishes to exercise such option, Tenant shall, on or before the    Option Exercise Date,  as that term is defined below  , have the right to exercise the option by delivering written notice thereof to Landlord, and upon, and concurrent with, such exercise, Tenant shall, at its option, either (A) accept the Market Rent contained in the Option Rent Notice, in which case the Option Rent shall be the amount set forth in the Option Rent Notice, (B) accept Landlord's Arbitration Fair Market Rental Value (to the extent the same has been previously provided pursuant to the terms hereof), in which case the Option Rent shall be Landlord's Arbitration Fair Market Rental Value, or (C) object to both the Market Rent contained in the Option Rent Notice, and, if applicable, Landlord's Arbitration Fair Market Rental Value, in which case the parties shall follow the procedure, and the Option Rent shall be determined, as set forth in   Section 2.2.4   below, but subject to the terms and conditions, when appropriate, of   Section 2.2.2   above.    Whether or not Tenant has previously delivered the Option Interest Notice, Tenant shall, on or before the Option Exercise Date have the right to exercise the option by delivering notice (the "  Option Exercise Notice  ") thereof to Landlord.  In the event that Tenant shall reject or fail to affirmatively accept the Option Rent set forth in the Option Rent Notice, or if Tenant did not deliver the Option Interest Notice, the parties shall follow the procedure, and the Option Rent shall be determined, as set forth in   Section 2.2.4  , below.  The "  Option Exercise Date  " shall mean the date occurring fourteen (14) months prior to the expiration of the then Lease Term. 
  2.2.4        Determination of Market Rent  .  In the event Tenant fails to affirmatively accept or if Tenant timely objects to Landlord s determination of the Market Rent, or, in the event that Tenant failed to deliver the Option Interest Notice, or if Landlord and Tenant are determining the First Offer Rent in accordance with the terms of   Section 1.3  , above, Landlord and Tenant shall attempt to agree upon the Market Rent using reasonable good-faith efforts.  If Landlord and Tenant fail to reach agreement as to the Option Market Rent, or First Offer Rent, as applicable, prior to the date (the "  Outside Agreement Date  ") which is the earlier of (a) the date that is seven (7) months prior to the commencement of the applicable Option Term, and (b) if Landlord and Tenant have each previously delivered the Arbitration Fair Market Rental Values, the date that is thirty (30) days after such mutual delivery (or, in the case of First Offer Rent, within thirty (30) days after Tenant's delivery of the First Offer Exercise Notice), then   (i) if Arbitration Fair Market Rental Values have been determined and exchanged pursuant to   Section 2.2.3  , above, each party's Arbitration Fair Market Rental Values shall be submitted to arbitration without modification in accordance with   Sections 2.2.4.1   through   2.2.4.7   below or (ii) if Arbitration Fair Market Rental Values have not been determined and exchanged pursuant to   Section 2.2.3   above, then   Landlord and Tenant shall, on a mutually and reasonably agreed upon date and time approximately six (6) months prior to the expiration of the then Lease Term (or, in the case of the First Offer Rent, within fifteen (15) business days after the Outside Agreement Date), meet at the Project and simultaneously exchange the Option Rents or First Offer Rents, as applicable, which will be submitted to arbitration under this   Section 2.2.4  .  The exchanged Option Rents or First Offer Rents, as applicable, shall be submitted to the arbitrators concurrently with the selection of such arbitrators pursuant to this   Section 2.2.4   and shall be submitted to arbitration in accordance with   Sections 2.2.4.1   through   2.2.4.7   of this Lease, but subject to the terms, when appropriate, of   Section 2.2.2  . 
  2.2.4.1        Landlord and Tenant shall each appoint one arbitrator who shall by profession be a real estate broker or lawyer who shall have been active over the five (5) year period ending on the date of such appointment  

in the leasing of first class office properties in the vicinity of the Building.  The determination of the arbitrators shall be limited solely to the issue area of whether Landlord s or Tenant s submitted Market Rent, is the closest to the actual Market Rent as determined by the arbitrators, taking into account the requirements of   Section 2.2.2   of this Lease.  Each such arbitrator shall be appointed within fifteen (15) days after the applicable Outside Agreement Date.  Landlord and Tenant may consult with their selected arbitrators prior to appointment and may select an arbitrator who is favorable to their respective positions (including an arbitrator who has previously represented Landlord and/or Tenant, as applicable).  The arbitrators so selected by Landlord and Tenant shall be deemed "  Advocate Arbitrators  ." 
  2.2.4.2        The two Advocate Arbitrators so appointed shall be specifically required pursuant to an engagement letter within ten (10) days of the date of the appointment of the last appointed Advocate Arbitrator to attempt to agree upon and appoint a third arbitrator ("  Neutral Arbitrator  ") who shall be qualified under the same criteria set forth hereinabove for qualification of the two Advocate Arbitrators except that (i) neither the Landlord or Tenant or either parties' Advocate Arbitrator may, directly or indirectly, consult with the Neutral Arbitrator prior or subsequent to his or her appearance, and (ii) the Neutral Arbitrator cannot be someone who has represented Landlord and/or Tenant or their affiliates during the five (5) year period prior to such appointment.  The Neutral Arbitrator shall be retained via an engagement letter jointly prepared by Landlord s counsel and Tenant s counsel. 
  2.2.4.3        The three arbitrators shall within thirty (30) days of the appointment of the Neutral Arbitrator reach a decision as to Market Rent and determine whether the Landlord s or Tenant s determination of Market Rent as submitted pursuant to this   Section 2.2.4   is closest to Market Rent as determined by the arbitrators and simultaneously publish a ruling ("  Award  ") indicating whether Landlord s or Tenant s submitted Market Rent is closest to the Market Rent as determined by the arbitrators. Following notification of the Award, the Landlord s or Tenant s submitted Market Rent determination, whichever is selected by the arbitrators as being closest to Market Rent shall become the then applicable Market Rent. 
  2.2.4.4        The Award issued by the majority of the three arbitrators shall be binding upon Landlord and Tenant. 
  2.2.4.5        If either Landlord or Tenant fail to appoint an Advocate Arbitrator within fifteen (15) days after the applicable Outside Agreement Date, either party may petition the presiding judge of the Superior Court of Los Angeles County to appoint such Advocate Arbitrator subject to the criteria in   Section 2.2.4.1   of this Lease, or if he or she refuses to act, either party may petition any judge having jurisdiction over the parties to appoint such Advocate Arbitrator. 
  2.2.4.6        If the two Advocate Arbitrators fail to agree upon and appoint the Neutral Arbitrator, then either party may petition the presiding judge of the Superior Court of Los Angeles County to appoint the Neutral Arbitrator, subject to criteria in   Section 2.2.4.1   of this Lease, or if he or she refuses to act, either party may petition any judge having jurisdiction over the parties to appoint such arbitrator. 
  2.2.4.7        The cost of arbitration shall be paid by Landlord and Tenant equally. 
   
  ARTICLE 3            BASE RENT; RENT ABATEMENT 
  3.1        Base Rent  .  Commencing on the Lease Commencement Date, Tenant shall pay, without prior notice or demand, base rent ("  Base Rent  ") as set forth in   Section 4   of the Summary, payable in equal monthly installments as set forth in   Section 4   of the Summary in advance on or before the first day of each and every calendar month during the Lease Term, without any setoff or deduction whatsoever, except as otherwise specifically set forth in this Lease.  If any Rent payment date (including the Lease Commencement Date) falls on a day of the month other than the first day of such month or if any payment of Rent is for a period which is shorter than one month, the Rent for any fractional month shall accrue on a daily basis for the period from the date such payment is due to the end of such calendar month or to the end of the  

Lease Term at a rate per day which is equal to 1/365 of the applicable annual Rent.  All other payments or adjustments required to be made under the terms of this Lease that require proration on a time basis shall be prorated on the same basis.  Until notice of some other designation is given to Tenant in accordance with the provisions of   Article 28   of this Lease, Base Rent and all other charges shall be paid by remittance to or for the order of CA-COLORADO CENTER, L.L.C., by one of the following methods:  
  (i)       By ACH Transfer   Direct Deposit  . 
    
  Bank of America 
    Dallas, TX 
    ABA#:  111-000-012 
    Account Number:  4451129617 
    Account:  CA-Colorado Center, LLC 
    Amount: [  fill in appropriate amount  ] 
    Reference: Kite Pharma, Inc., Tenant Number: [  fill in appropriate number  ] 
    Contact Person:  Tanya Adams, (617) 236-3477 
  or 
  (ii)       By Mail  .   
  CA-Colorado Center, LLC 
      P.O. Box 741004 
      Los Angeles, California 90065-1733 
  or 
  (iii)      By Overnight Delivery  .  
    
  Bank of America Lock Box Services 
    Lockbox 741004 
    2706 Media Center Drive 
    Los Angeles, CA  90065-1733 

3.2        Base Rent Abatement  . Notwithstanding anything in this Lease to the contrary, so long as there exists no uncured monetary or material non-monetary Event of Default, (i) Tenant shall not be obligated to pay any Base Rent attributable to Premises for the first twelve (12) months after the Lease Commencement Date (the "  Full Rent Abatement Period  "), and (ii) for the twelve (12) months after the expiration of the Full Rent Abatement Period, Tenant shall not be obligated to pay Base Rent attributable to the second floor of the Premises, containing 33,484 RSF (the "  Second Floor Abatement Period  ").  The aggregate amount of Base Rent to be abated during the Full Rent Abatement Period is $10,514,460.00 (the "  Fully Abated Rent  "), and the aggregate amount of Base Rent to be abated during the Second Floor Abatement Period is $2,276,242.32 (i.e., $189,686.86 per month) (the "  Abated Second Floor Rent  "). The total aggregated amount of the Fully Abated Rent and the Abated Second Floor Rent is referred to as the "  Abated Rent  ". If the Lease should terminate as a result of an Event of Default by Tenant, then Landlord may at its option, by notice to Tenant, elect, in addition to any other remedies Landlord may have under the Lease (as hereby amended), that the dollar amount of the unapplied portion of the Abated Rent as of such default shall be converted to a credit to be applied to the Base Rent applicable at the end of the Lease Term and Tenant shall immediately be obligated to begin paying Base Rent for all of the Premises in full. 
   
  ARTICLE 4            ADDITIONAL RENT 
  4.1        General Terms  .  In addition to paying the Base Rent specified in   Article 3   of this Lease, Tenant shall pay (i) "Tenant's Share" of the annual "Direct Expenses," as those terms are defined in   Sections 1.1.10 and 1.1.2  , respectively, of   Exhibit G   attached to this Lease, which are in excess of the amount of Direct Expenses applicable to the "Base Year," as that term is defined in   Section 1.1.1   of   Exhibit G  , and (ii) Tenant's Share of "Capital Expenses," as that term is defined in   Section 1.1.9   of   Exhibit G  , pursuant to   Section 1.4   of   Exhibit G  ; provided, however, that in no event shall any decrease in Direct Expenses for any "Expense Year," as that term is defined in   Section 1.1.6   of   Exhibit G  , below Direct Expenses for the Base Year entitle Tenant to any decrease in Base Rent or any credit against sums due under this Lease.  Such payments by Tenant, together with any and all other amounts payable by Tenant to Landlord pursuant to the terms of this Lease, are hereinafter collectively referred to as the "  Additional Rent  ," and the Base Rent and the Additional Rent are herein collectively referred to as "  Rent.  "  All amounts due under this   Article 4   as Additional Rent shall be payable for the same periods and in the same manner as the Base Rent.  Without limitation on other obligations of Tenant which survive the expiration of the Lease Term, the obligations of Tenant to pay the Additional Rent provided for in this   Article 4   and   Exhibit G   shall survive the expiration of the Lease Term.  Landlord may upon expiration of the Lease Term deliver to Tenant an estimate of any Base Rent, Additional Rent or other obligations outstanding, and Landlord may either deduct such amount from any funds otherwise payable to Tenant upon expiration or require Tenant to pay such funds immediately.  Landlord shall make necessary adjustments for differences between actual and estimated Additional Rent in accordance with   Section 1.4  , below.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, or the terms of   Exhibit G   to the contrary, Tenant shall have no obligation to pay any Direct Expenses or Capital Expenses attributable to the first twelve (12) months of the Lease Term. 
  4.2        Taxes and Other Charges for Which Tenant Is Directly Responsible  . 
  4.2.1        Tenant shall be liable for and shall pay ten (10) days before delinquency, taxes levied against Tenant's equipment, furniture, fixtures and any other personal property located in or about the Premises.  If any such taxes on Tenant's equipment, furniture, fixtures and any other personal property are levied against Landlord or Landlord's property or if the assessed value of Landlord's property is increased by the inclusion therein of a value placed upon such equipment, furniture, fixtures or any other personal property and if Landlord pays the taxes based upon such increased assessment, which Landlord shall have the right to do regardless of the validity thereof but only under proper protest if requested by Tenant, Tenant shall upon demand repay to Landlord the taxes so levied against Landlord or the proportion of such taxes resulting from such increase in the assessment, as the case may be. 
  4.2.2        If the tenant improvements in the Premises, whether installed and/or paid for by Landlord or Tenant and whether or not affixed to the real property so as to become a part thereof, are specifically assessed for real property tax purposes at a valuation higher than the valuation that would be obtained had Tenant expended only $175 per  

RSF of the Premises on the construction of the tenant improvements (provided, and to the extent, that Landlord delivers to Tenant documentation from the Los Angeles County Assessor's Office that such excess assessment is attributable solely to the value of the Tenant Improvements in excess of $175 per RSF, then any excess taxes levied against Landlord or the property by reason of such excess assessed valuation shall, at Landlord's option, either be included in Tax Expenses, or deemed to be taxes levied against personal property of Tenant and shall be governed by the provisions of   Section 4.2.1  , above. 
  4.2.3        Notwithstanding any contrary provision herein, Tenant shall pay prior to delinquency any (i) rent tax or sales tax, service tax, transfer tax or value added tax, business tax or any other applicable tax on the rent or services herein or otherwise respecting this Lease, that is applicable to Tenant and is directly assessed to Tenant, and (ii) taxes assessed upon or with respect to the possession, leasing, operation, management, maintenance, alteration, repair, use or occupancy by Tenant of the Premises or any portion of the Project, including the Project parking facility, that is applicable to Tenant and is directly assessed to Tenant. 
   
  ARTICLE 5            USE OF PREMISES 
  5.1        Permitted Use  .  Tenant shall use the Premises solely for the Permitted Use set forth in   Section 7   of the Summary and Tenant shall not use or permit the Premises or the Project to be used for any other purpose or purposes whatsoever without the prior written consent of Landlord, which may be withheld in Landlord's reasonable discretion. 
  5.2        Prohibited Uses  .  Tenant further covenants and agrees that Tenant shall not use, or suffer or permit any person or persons to use, the Premises or any part thereof for any use or purpose contrary to the provisions of the Rules and Regulations set forth in   Exhibit D  , attached hereto, or in violation of the laws of the United States of America, the State of California, or the ordinances, regulations or requirements of the local municipal or county governing body or other lawful authorities having jurisdiction over the Project, including, without limitation, any such laws, ordinances, regulations or requirements relating to hazardous materials or substances, as those terms are defined by applicable laws now or hereafter in effect.  Tenant shall not do or permit anything to be done in or about the Premises which will unreasonably obstruct or interfere with the rights of other tenants or occupants of the Building, or injure them or use or allow the Premises to be used for any unlawful purpose, nor shall Tenant cause, maintain or permit any nuisance in, on or about the Premises.   
  5.3        Lab Use  . If Tenant elects to use any portion of the Premises as Lab Space, the following terms shall apply. Tenant acknowledges that the Project is an office project, zoned for office use. Landlord has made no representation or warranty that the Premises are suitable for Lab Use, or that any Lab Use will be allowed by the applicable governmental agencies. The inability of Tenant to obtain required governmental approvals for any Lab Use shall not be a default by Landlord under this Lease, or entitle Tenant to any remedy under this Lease. 
  5.3.1        Removal and Restoration  . Any equipment, alterations or improvements installed in the Lab Space that would not be usable by a general office user shall be deemed to be "Required Removables" as defined in   Section 8.6   below. 
  5.3.2        Tenant's Obligations  . 
  5.3.2.1        Prohibitions  .  Prior to commencing any Lab Use, Tenant shall fully and accurately complete the Environmental Exposure Questionnaire (the "  Environmental Questionnaire  "), which is attached as   Exhibit L  .  Tenant agrees that except for those chemicals or materials, and their approximate quantities listed on the Environmental Questionnaire (as the same may be updated from time to time as provided below) or any similar chemicals or materials used for substantially the same purposes in substitution thereof in compliance with applicable law, neither Tenant nor Tenant s employees, contractors and subcontractors of any tier, entities with a contractual relationship with Tenant (other than Landlord), or any entity acting as an agent or sub-agent of Tenant (collectively, "  Tenant's Agents  ") will produce, use, store or generate any "Hazardous Materials," as that term is defined below, on, under or about the Premises, nor cause  

any Hazardous Material to be brought upon, placed, stored, manufactured, generated, blended, handled, recycled, used or "Released," as that term is defined below, on, in, under or about the Premises.  If any information provided to Landlord by Tenant on the Environmental Questionnaire, or otherwise relating to information concerning Hazardous Materials is intentionally false, incomplete, or misleading in any material respect, the same shall be deemed a default by Tenant under this Lease.  Upon Landlord's request (but no more than once each Lease Year), or in the event of any material change in Tenant's use of Hazardous Materials in the Premises, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord an updated Environmental Questionnaire.  Tenant shall notify Landlord prior to using any Hazardous Materials in the Premises not described on the initial Environmental Questionnaire, and such use shall be subject to all of the provisions of this Lease.  Tenant shall not install or permit Tenant's Agents to install any underground storage tank on the Premises.  For purposes of this Lease, "  Hazardous Materials  " means all flammable explosives, petroleum and petroleum products, waste oil, radon, radioactive materials, toxic pollutants, asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls ("  PCBs  "), medical waste, chemicals known to cause cancer or reproductive toxicity, pollutants, contaminants, hazardous wastes, toxic substances or related materials, including without limitation any chemical, element, compound, mixture, solution, substance, object, waste or any combination thereof, that is or may be hazardous to human health, safety or to the environment due to its radioactivity, ignitability, corrosiveness, reactivity, explosiveness, toxicity, carcinogenicity, infectiousness or other harmful or potentially harmful properties or effects, or defined as, regulated as or included in, the definition of  hazardous substances,   hazardous wastes,   hazardous materials,  or  toxic substances  under any Environmental Laws.  For purposes of this Lease, "  Release  " or "  Released  " or "  Releases  " shall mean any release, deposit, discharge, emission, leaking, spilling, seeping, migrating, injecting, pumping, pouring, emptying, escaping, dumping, disposing, or other movement of Hazardous Materials into the environment.  Landlord acknowledges that Tenant will be installing and using fume hoods in the Premises and that emissions of Hazardous Materials into the air in compliance with all Environmental Laws shall not be considered Releases. 
  5.3.2.2        Notices to Landlord  .  Tenant shall notify Landlord in writing as soon as possible but in no event later than five (5) days after (i) the occurrence of any actual, alleged or threatened Release of any Hazardous Material in, on, under, from, about or in the vicinity of the Premises (whether past or present), regardless of the source or quantity of any such Release, or (ii) Tenant becomes aware of any regulatory actions, inquiries, inspections, investigations, directives, or any cleanup, compliance, enforcement or abatement proceedings (including any threatened or contemplated investigations or proceedings) relating to or potentially affecting the Premises, or (iii) Tenant becomes aware of any claims by any person or entity relating to any Hazardous Materials in, on, under, from, about or in the vicinity of the Premises, whether relating to damage, contribution, cost recovery, compensation, loss or injury.  Collectively, the matters set forth in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above are hereinafter referred to as "  Hazardous Materials Claims  ".  Tenant shall promptly forward to Landlord copies of all orders, notices, permits, applications and other communications and reports in connection with any Hazardous Materials Claims.  Additionally, Tenant shall promptly advise Landlord in writing of Tenant s discovery of any occurrence or condition on, in, under or about the Premises that could subject Tenant or Landlord to any liability, or restrictions on ownership, occupancy, transferability or use of the Premises under any "Environmental Laws," as that term is defined below.  Tenant shall not enter into any legal proceeding or other action, settlement, consent decree or other compromise with respect to any Hazardous Materials Claims without first notifying Landlord of Tenant s intention to do so and affording Landlord the opportunity to join and participate, as a party if Landlord so elects, in such proceedings and in no event shall Tenant enter into any agreements that are binding on Landlord or the Premises without Landlord s prior written consent.  Landlord shall have the right to appear at and participate in, any and all legal or other administrative proceedings concerning any Hazardous Materials Claim.  For purposes of this Lease, "  Environmental Laws  " means all applicable present and future laws relating to the protection of human health, safety, wildlife or the environment, including (i) all requirements pertaining to reporting, licensing, permitting, investigation and/or remediation of emissions, discharges, Releases, or threatened Releases of Hazardous Materials, whether solid, liquid, or gaseous in nature, into the air, surface water, groundwater, or land, or relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport, or handling of Hazardous Materials; and (ii) all requirements pertaining to the health and safety of employees or the public.  Environmental Laws include, but are not limited to, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, 42 USC   9601, et seq., the Hazardous Materials Transportation Authorization Act of 1994, 49 USC   5101, et seq., the Solid Waste Disposal Act, as amended by the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, and Hazardous and Solid Waste Amendments of 1984, 42 USC   6901, et seq., the Federal Water Pollution  

Control Act, as amended by the Clean Water Act of 1977, 33 USC   1251, et seq., the Clean Air Act of 1966, 42 USC   7401, et seq., the Toxic Substances Control Act of 1976, 15 USC   2601, et seq., the Safe Drinking Water Act of 1974, 42 USC    300f through 300j, the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, as amended, 29 USC   651 et seq., the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, 33 USC   2701 et seq., the Emergency Planning and Community Right-To-Know Act of 1986, 42 USC   11001 et seq., the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969, 42 USC   4321 et seq., the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act of 1947, 7 USC   136 et seq., California Carpenter-Presley-Tanner Hazardous Substance Account Act, California Health   Safety Code    25300 et seq., Hazardous Materials Release Response Plans and Inventory Act, California Health   Safety Code,    25500 et seq., Underground Storage of Hazardous Substances provisions, California Health   Safety Code,    25280 et seq., California Hazardous Waste Control Law, California Health   Safety Code,    25100 et seq., and any other state or local law counterparts, as amended, as such applicable laws, are in effect as of the Rent Commencement Date, or thereafter adopted, published, or promulgated. 
  5.3.2.3        Releases of Hazardous Materials  .  If any Release of any Hazardous Material in, on, under, from or about the Premises shall occur at any time during the Lease Term caused by Tenant or Tenant's Agents, in addition to notifying Landlord as specified above, Tenant, at its own sole cost and expense, shall (i) promptly and timely comply with any and all reporting requirements imposed pursuant to any and all Environmental Laws, (ii) provide a written certification to Landlord indicating that Tenant has complied with all applicable reporting requirements, (iii) take any and all necessary investigation, corrective and remedial action in accordance with any and all applicable Environmental Laws, utilizing an environmental consultant approved by Landlord, all in accordance with the provisions and requirements of this   Section 5.3  , including   Section 5.3.4  , and (iv) take any such additional investigative, remedial and corrective actions as Landlord shall in its reasonable discretion deem necessary such that the Premises are remediated to the condition existing prior to such Release.   
  5.3.2.4        Indemnification  . 
  (i)        In General  .  Without limiting in any way Tenant s obligations under any other provision of this Lease, Tenant shall be solely responsible for and shall protect, defend, indemnify and hold the Landlord Parties harmless from and against any and all third party claims, judgments, losses, damages, costs, expenses, penalties, enforcement actions, taxes, fines, remedial actions, liabilities (including actual attorneys  fees, litigation, arbitration and administrative proceeding costs, expert and consultant fees and laboratory costs) including, without limitation, consequential damages and sums paid in settlement of claims, which arise during or after the Lease Term, whether foreseeable or unforeseeable, that arise during or after the Lease Term in whole or in part, foreseeable or unforeseeable, directly or indirectly arising out of or attributable to the Release of Hazardous Materials in, on, under or about the Premises by Tenant or Tenant's Agents.  
  (ii)        Limitations  .  Notwithstanding anything in   Section 5.3.2.4  , above, to the contrary, Tenant's indemnity of Landlord as set forth in   Section 5.3.2.4  , above, shall not be applicable to claims based upon Hazardous Materials not Released by Tenant or Tenant's Agents. 
    
  5.3.2.5        Compliance with Environmental Laws  .  Without limiting the generality of Tenant s obligation to comply with applicable laws as otherwise provided in this Lease, Tenant shall, at its sole cost and expense, comply with all Environmental Laws related to the use of Hazardous Materials by Tenant and Tenant s Agents.  Tenant shall obtain and maintain any and all necessary permits, licenses, certifications and approvals appropriate or required for the use, handling, storage, and disposal of any Hazardous Materials used, stored, generated, transported, handled, blended, or recycled by Tenant on the Premises.  Landlord shall have a continuing right, without obligation, to require Tenant to obtain, and to review and inspect any and all such permits, licenses, certifications and approvals, together with copies of any and all Hazardous Materials management plans and programs, any and all Hazardous Materials risk management and pollution prevention programs, and any and all Hazardous Materials emergency response and employee training programs respecting Tenant s use of Hazardous Materials.  Upon request of Landlord (but no more than once every Lease Year, unless Landlord shall have reasonable grounds to believe that Tenant is not in compliance with its covenants under this  

Section 5.3  ), Tenant shall deliver to Landlord a narrative description explaining the nature and scope of Tenant s activities involving Hazardous Materials and certifying to Tenant s compliance with all Environmental Laws and the terms of this Lease. 
  5.3.3        Assurance of Performance  . 
  5.3.3.1        Environmental Assessments In General  .  Landlord may, but shall not be required to, engage from time to time such contractors as Landlord determines to be appropriate (and which are reasonably acceptable to Tenant) to perform environmental assessments of a scope reasonably determined by Landlord (an "  Environmental Assessment  ") to ensure Tenant s compliance with the requirements of this Lease with respect to Hazardous Materials. Any entry into the Premises by any such contractors must be in accordance with the terms of   Article 27   below. 
  5.3.3.2        Costs of Environmental Assessments  .  All costs and expenses incurred by Landlord in connection with any such Environmental Assessment initially shall be paid by Landlord; provided that if any such Environmental Assessment shows that Tenant has failed to comply with the provisions of this   Section 5.3  , then all of the costs and expenses of such Environmental Assessment shall be reimbursed by Tenant as Additional Rent within thirty (30) days after receipt of written demand therefor. 
  5.3.4        Tenant s Obligations upon Surrender  .  At the expiration or earlier termination of the Lease Term, Tenant, at Tenant s sole cost and expense, shall:  (i) cause an "Environmental Assessment" of the Premises to be conducted; (ii) cause all Hazardous Materials brought onto the Premises by Tenant or Tenant's Agents to be removed from the Premises and disposed of in accordance with all Environmental Laws and as necessary to allow the Premises to be used for the purposes allowed as of the Execution Date; and (iii) cause to be removed all containers installed or used by Tenant or Tenant s Agents to store any Hazardous Materials on the Premises, and cause to be repaired any damage to the Premises caused by such removal. As used herein, an "Environmental Assessment" shall mean an environmental Assessment of the Premises by a competent and experienced environmental engineer or engineering firm reasonably satisfactory to Landlord (pursuant to a contract approved by Landlord and providing that Landlord can rely on the Environmental Assessment), which evidences that the Premises are in a clean and safe condition and free and clear of any Hazardous Materials. 
  5.3.5        Clean-up  . 
  5.3.5.1        Environmental Reports; Clean-Up  .  If any written report, including any report containing results of any Environmental Assessment (an "  Environmental Report  ") shall indicate (i) a Release of any Hazardous Materials as to which Tenant has a removal or remediation obligation under this   Section 5.3  , and (ii) that as a result of same, the investigation, characterization, monitoring, assessment, repair, closure, remediation, removal, or other clean-up (the "  Clean-up  ") of any Hazardous Materials is required, Tenant shall prepare and submit to Landlord within thirty (30) days after receipt of the Environmental Report a comprehensive plan, subject to Landlord s written approval, specifying the actions to be taken by Tenant to perform the Clean-up so that the Premises are restored to the conditions required by this Lease.  Upon Landlord s approval of the Clean-up plan, Tenant shall, at Tenant s sole cost and expense, without limitation on any rights and remedies of Landlord under this Lease, promptly implement such plan with a consultant reasonably acceptable to Landlord and proceed to Clean-Up Hazardous Materials in accordance with all applicable laws.  If, within thirty (30) days after receiving a copy of such Environmental Report, Tenant fails either (a) to complete such Clean-up, or (b) with respect to any Clean-up that cannot be completed within such thirty-day period, fails to proceed with diligence to prepare the Clean-up plan and complete the Clean-up as promptly as practicable, then Landlord shall have the right, but not the obligation, and without waiving any other rights under this Lease, to carry out any Clean-up recommended by the Environmental Report or required by any governmental authority having jurisdiction over the Premises, and recover all of the costs and expenses thereof from Tenant as Additional Rent, payable within thirty (30) days after receipt of written demand therefor. 

5.3.5.2        No Rent Abatement  .  Tenant shall continue to pay all Rent due or accruing under this Lease during any Clean-up, and shall not be entitled to any reduction, offset or deferral of any Base Rent or Additional Rent due or accruing under this Lease during any such Clean-up.   
  5.3.5.3        Surrender of Premises  .  Tenant shall complete any Clean-up prior to surrender of the Premises upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease.  Tenant shall obtain and deliver to Landlord a letter or other written determination from the overseeing governmental authority confirming that the Clean-up has been completed in accordance with all requirements of such governmental authority and that no further response action of any kind is required for the unrestricted use of the Premises ("  Closure Letter  ").  Upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease, Tenant shall also be obligated to close all permits obtained in connection with Hazardous Materials used by Tenant or Tenant's Agents in accordance with applicable laws. 
  5.3.5.4        Failure to Timely Clean-Up  .  Should any Clean-up for which Tenant is responsible not be completed, or should Tenant not receive the Closure Letter and any governmental approvals required under Environmental Laws in conjunction with such Clean-up prior to the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease and the Premises cannot be occupied as a result thereof, then, commencing on the later of the termination of this Lease and three (3) business days after Landlord's delivery of notice of such failure and that it elects to treat such failure as a holdover, Tenant shall be liable to Landlord as a holdover tenant (as more particularly provided in   Article 16  ) until Tenant has fully complied with its obligations under this   Section 5.3  . 
  5.3.6        Confidentiality  .  Unless compelled to do so by applicable law, Tenant agrees that Tenant shall not disclose, discuss, disseminate or copy any information, data, findings, communications, conclusions and reports regarding the environmental condition of the Premises to any third party (other than Tenant s consultants, attorneys, property managers, employees, shareholders and potential and actual investors, lenders, business and merger partners, subtenants and assignees that have a need to know such information), without the prior written consent of Landlord.  In the event Tenant reasonably believes that disclosure is compelled by applicable law, valid order of a court or judicial or administrative process, it shall, to the extent legally permitted, provide Landlord ten (10) days  advance notice of disclosure of confidential information so that Landlord may attempt to obtain a protective order.  Tenant may additionally release such information to bona fide prospective purchasers or lenders, subject to any such parties  written agreement to be bound by the terms of this   Section 5.3  .  Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this   Section 5.3.6   shall restrict Tenant from engaging in the normal conduct of its business in the Premises, including all customary reporting, compliance and other similar obligations. 
  5.3.7        Landlord s Obligations  .  Unless compelled to do so by applicable law, valid order of a court or judicial or administrative process, Landlord agrees that Landlord shall not disclose, discuss, disseminate or copy any information, data, findings, communications, conclusions or reports regarding the environmental condition of the Premises (including any information, data, findings, communications or conclusions included in any Environmental Questionnaire) to any third party (other than Landlord s consultants, attorneys, property managers, employees, shareholders and potential and actual investors, lenders, business and merger partners, that have a need to know such information), including any governmental authority, without the prior written consent of Tenant.  In the event Landlord reasonably believes that disclosure is compelled by applicable law, valid order of a court or judicial or administrative process, it shall, to the extent legally permitted, provide Tenant ten (10) days  advance notice of disclosure of confidential information so that Tenant may attempt to obtain a protective order.  Landlord may additionally release such information to bona fide prospective purchasers or lenders, subject to any such parties  written agreement to be bound by the terms of this   Section 5.3  . 
  5.3.8        Copies of Environmental Reports  .  If there is a Release of Hazardous Materials, then within thirty (30) days of receipt thereof, Tenant shall provide Landlord with a copy of any and all environmental assessments, audits, studies and reports regarding Tenant s activities with respect to such Release or Clean-up thereof.  Tenant shall be obligated to provide Landlord with a copy of such materials without regard to whether such materials are generated by Tenant or prepared for Tenant, or how Tenant comes into possession of such materials, unless doing so would result in a breach of any contractual obligation of Tenant to a third party. 

5.3.9        Signs, Response Plans, Etc  .  Tenant shall be responsible for posting on the Premises any signs required under applicable Environmental Laws with respect to the use of Hazardous Materials by Tenant or Tenant's Agents.  Tenant shall also complete and file any business response plans or inventories required by any applicable laws.  Tenant shall concurrently file a copy of any such business response plan or inventory with Landlord. 
  5.3.10        Survival  .  Each covenant, agreement, representation, warranty and indemnification made by Tenant set forth in this   Section 5.3   shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease and shall remain effective until all of Tenant s obligations under this   Section 5.3   have been completely performed and satisfied. 
  5.4        Landlord's Obligations Regarding Hazardous Materials  . 
  5.4.1        Compliance with Environmental Laws  .  Landlord covenants that during the Lease Term, Landlord shall comply with all Environmental Laws with respect to the Project except to the extent of Tenant's responsibility hereunder. 
  5.4.2        Landlord Representation; Landlord Indemnity  .  Landlord hereby represents to Tenant that Landlord has no actual knowledge of any asbestos in the Building or other Hazardous Materials at the Building in violation of applicable law and in excess of applicable action levels.  Landlord shall be responsible, at Landlord's sole cost and expense, and not as an Operating Expense, for the costs of causing the Building to comply with Environmental Laws as of the delivery of the Premises to Tenant, and removing all Hazardous Materials in existence on the Premises, Building or Project prior to the date of this Lease, if any, if required under applicable law or if necessary for Tenant to obtain permits to construct the Tenant Improvements.  Under no circumstance shall Tenant be liable, for, and Landlord shall indemnify, defend, protect and hold harmless Tenant and Tenant's Agents from and against, all third party losses, costs, claims, liabilities and damages (including attorneys' and consultants' fees) arising out of any Hazardous Materials that exist in, on or about the Project as of the date hereof, or Hazardous Material Released by Landlord or any Landlord Parties. Promptly following execution of this Lease, Landlord will provide Tenant with any Hazardous Material reports relating to the Building that Landlord has in its possession, or control. Prior to delivery of such report, Tenant will execute a commercially reasonable form of confidentiality agreement with respect to such reports. The provision of such reports shall be for informational purposes only, and Landlord does not make any representation or warranty as to the correctness or completeness of any such reports. 
  5.4.3        Survival  .  Each covenant, agreement, representation, warranty and indemnification made by Landlord set forth in this   Section 5.4   shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease and shall remain effective until all of Landlord's obligations under this   Section 5.4   have been completely performed and satisfied. 
   
  ARTICLE 6            SERVICES AND UTILITIES 
  6.1        Standard Tenant Services  .  Landlord shall provide the following services on all days (unless otherwise stated below) during the Lease Term. 
  6.1.1        Subject to limitations imposed by all governmental rules, regulations and guidelines applicable thereto, Landlord shall provide heating, ventilation and air conditioning ("  HVAC  ") when necessary for normal comfort for normal office use in the Premises from 8:00 A.M. to 6:00 P.M. Monday through Friday, and (on prior request by Tenant) on Saturdays from 9:00 A.M. to 1:00 P.M. (collectively, the "  Building Hours  "), except for the date of observation of New Year's Day, President's Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving Day, Christmas Day and, at Landlord's discretion, other locally or nationally recognized holidays (collectively, the "  Holidays  ").  Upon thirty (30) days written notice to Landlord, Tenant shall have the right to modify the Building Hours as applicable to HVAC service (the "  HVAC Hours  "), provided that the total HVAC Hours shall not exceed fifty-four (54) hours per week.  Tenant shall cooperate with Landlord at all times and abide by all regulations and requirements that Landlord may reasonably prescribe for the proper functioning and protection of the HVAC, electrical, mechanical and plumbing systems. The Building HVAC  

system has been designed to provide the level of HVAC service set forth in the "Base Building Description" attached as   Schedule 3   to   Exhibit B  . Landlord shall use reasonable efforts to operate, repair and maintain the Building HVAC system (including balancing as necessary and maintenance of thermostats) so that the Building HVAC system will provide the level of HVAC service set forth in the "Base Building Description" attached as   Schedule 3   to   Exhibit B  . 
  6.1.2        Landlord shall provide     reasonably sufficient electricity to the Premises (including adequate electrical wiring and facilities for connection to Tenant's lighting fixtures and incidental use equipment), provided that (i) the connected electrical load of the incidental use equipment does not exceed an average of six (6) watts per usable square foot of the Premises, calculated on a monthly basis (exclusive of any power delivered to the Building HVAC system), and (ii) the connected electrical load of Tenant's lighting fixtures does not exceed an average of one (1) watt per usable square foot of the Premises, calculated on a monthly basis. The amount of electricity that would be used by the foregoing electrical loads during normal Building Hours is referred to as the "  Building Standard Usage  ". Landlord shall have the right to separately meter the electricity used by Tenant in the Premises, and to the extent such usage exceeds the Building Standard Usage, Tenant shall be responsible to pay directly (and not as a part of Operating Expenses) for such excess usage at Landlord's actual cost of providing the same. Tenant will design Tenant's electrical system serving any equipment producing nonlinear electrical loads to accommodate such nonlinear electrical loads, including, but not limited to, oversizing neutral conductors, derating transformers and/or providing power-line filters.   As part of Operating Expenses, Landlord shall replace lamps, starters and ballasts for Building standard lighting fixtures (which may be LED lighting fixtures) within the Premises. Tenant shall bear the cost of replacement of lamps, starters and ballasts for non-Building standard lighting fixtures within the Premises.   
  6.1.3        Landlord shall provide city water from the regular Building outlets for drinking, kitchen, lavatory and toilet purposes in the Building Common Areas and the Premises. 
  6.1.4        Landlord shall provide exclusive (so long as Tenant leases the entire Building, and non-exclusive if Tenant does not lease the entire Building), non-attended automatic passenger and freight elevator service, and shall have one passenger and one freight elevator (and subject to elevator modifications as they are available) available at all other times, including on the Holidays, except in the event of emergency only.  Landlord shall cause the passenger and freight elevators to include a card key security system that is capable of restricting access to Premises to Tenant only, and, if Tenant's Premises security system is compatible with the Project system, Tenant shall have the right to coordinate with Landlord so that Tenant's employees may use a single card key for access into the Project parking structure, elevators and Premises. 
  6.1.5        Landlord shall provide access control services and personnel at the Project commensurate with other first class multi-building office projects in the Santa Monica area. As of the date hereof, such services will be provided in accordance with the specifications attached hereto as   Exhibit M  . Tenant acknowledges that such specifications are subject to change during the Lease Term, provided that at all times such access control services will be provided in a manner consistent with Comparable Buildings.  
  6.1.6        Landlord shall provide customary weekday janitorial services to the Premises, except the date of observation of the Holidays, in and about the Premises and customary occasional window washing services, each in a manner consistent with Comparable Buildings. As of the date hereof, janitorial services will be provided in accordance with the specifications attached hereto as   Exhibit N  . Tenant acknowledges that such janitorial specifications are subject to change during the Lease Term, provided that at all times janitorial services will be provided in a manner consistent with Comparable Buildings. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord shall not provide any janitorial services to any Lab Space. Tenant providing janitorial and cleaning services to any Lab Space so as to keep such Lab Space in a neat, clean and safe condition at all times during the Lease Term, using vendors reasonably acceptable to Landlord, and provided that Landlord may disapprove vendors that could, in Landlord's reasonable estimation, cause labor disharmony at the Project. 
  6.1.7        So long as Tenant is leasing all of the office portions of the Building, Tenant shall have exclusive use of the existing Building risers, raceways, shafts and conduit.  If Tenant is not leasing all of the office portions of the  

Building, then Tenant may use its pro rata share of risers, raceways, shafts and conduit based on amount of space leased in the Building subject to Landlord's reasonable rules, regulations, and restrictions and the terms of this Lease. 
  6.1.8        Tenant shall have the right to use the loading dock serving the Building and may use such loading dock during hours permitted by applicable law. Such use shall be subject to reasonable scheduling and Tenant's compliance with Landlord's reasonable rules and regulations with respect thereto, including Tenant's payment of Landlord's standard charge for use after normal Building Hours. 
  Notwithstanding anything in this Lease to the contrary, if Landlord or any affiliate of Landlord has elected to qualify as a real estate investment trust ("  REIT  "), any service required or permitted to be performed by Landlord pursuant to this Lease, the charge or cost of which may be treated as impermissible tenant service income under the laws governing a REIT, may be performed by a taxable REIT subsidiary that is affiliated with either Landlord or Landlord s property manager, an independent contractor of Landlord or Landlord s property manager (the "  Service Provider  ").  If Tenant is subject to a charge under this Lease for any such service, then, at Landlord s direction, Tenant will pay such charge either to Landlord for further payment to the Service Provider or directly to the Service Provider, and, in either case, (i) Landlord will credit such payment against Additional Rent due from Tenant under this Lease for such service, and (ii) such payment to the Service Provider will not relieve Landlord from any obligation under the Lease concerning the provisions of such service. 
  6.2        Overstandard Tenant Use  .  Tenant shall not, without Landlord's prior written consent, use equipment or lighting that materially affects the temperature otherwise maintained by the air conditioning system in the Premises.  If Tenant uses water in excess of that required to be supplied by Landlord pursuant to   Section 6.1   of this Lease, Tenant shall pay to Landlord, upon billing, the cost of such excess consumption, the cost of the installation, operation, and maintenance of equipment which is installed in order to supply such excess consumption, and the cost of the increased wear and tear on existing equipment caused by such excess consumption; and Landlord may install devices to separately meter (or sub-meter) any increased use and in such event Tenant shall pay the increased cost directly to Landlord, on demand, at the rates charged by the public utility company furnishing the same, including the cost of such additional metering (or sub-metering) devices.  In addition, in the event that there is located in the Premises a data center containing high density computing equipment, as defined in the U.S. EPA s Energy Star  rating system ("  Energy Star  "), Landlord may require the installation in accordance with Energy Star of separate metering or check metering equipment, in which event (i) Tenant shall pay the costs of any such meter or check meter directly to Landlord, on demand, including the installation and connectivity thereof, (ii) Tenant shall directly pay to the utility provider all electric consumption on any meter, and (iii) Tenant shall pay to Landlord, as Additional Rent, all electric consumption on any check meter within thirty (30) days after being billed thereof by Landlord, in addition to other electric charges payable by Tenant under the Lease.  In the event that Tenant purchases any utility service directly from the provider, Tenant shall promptly provide to Landlord either permission to access Tenant s usage information from the utility service provider or copies of the utility bills for Tenant s usage of such services in a format reasonably acceptable to Landlord.  Tenant's use of electricity shall never exceed the capacity of the feeders to the Project or the risers or wiring installation.  If Tenant desires to use heat, ventilation or air conditioning ("  HVAC  ") during hours other than those for which Landlord is obligated to supply such utilities pursuant to the terms of   Section 6.1   of this Lease (the "  After-Hours HVAC  "), Tenant shall give Landlord such prior notice, if any, as Landlord shall from time to time establish as appropriate, of Tenant's desired use in order to supply such After-Hours HVAC, and Landlord shall supply such After-Hours HVAC to Tenant at such hourly cost to Tenant (which shall be treated as Additional Rent) as Landlord shall from time to time establish. As of the date hereof, After-Hours HVAC is provided at $76.46 per hour per floor ($40.00 per hour per floor for fan only service). Such rates are subject to increase during the Lease Term to the extent Landlord's actual cost of providing the same increases.  If Tenant requests any additional services from Landlord (such as locksmithing, lamp replacement, additional janitorial service, and additional repairs and maintenance), then Tenant shall pay to Landlord the cost of such additional services, including Landlord's standard fee for its involvement with such additional services, within thirty (30) days after being billed for same. 
  6.3        Interruption of Use  .  Tenant agrees that Landlord shall not be liable for damages, by abatement of Rent or otherwise (except as set forth in   Section 19.5.2  , below), for failure to furnish or delay in furnishing any service (including  

telephone and telecommunication services), or for any diminution in the quality or quantity thereof, when such failure or delay or diminution is occasioned, in whole or in part, by breakage, repairs, replacements, or improvements, by any strike, lockout or other labor trouble, by inability to secure electricity, gas, water, or other fuel at the Building or Project after reasonable effort to do so, by any riot or other dangerous condition, emergency, accident or casualty whatsoever, by act or default of Tenant or other parties, or by any other cause beyond Landlord's reasonable control; and such failures or delays or diminution shall never be deemed to constitute an eviction or disturbance of Tenant's use and possession of the Premises or relieve Tenant from paying Rent or performing any of its obligations under this Lease,     except as otherwise provided in   Section 19.5.2   or elsewhere in the Lease.  Furthermore, Landlord shall not be liable under any circumstances for a loss of, or injury to, property or for injury to, or interference with, Tenant's business, including, without limitation, loss of profits, however occurring, through or in connection with or incidental to a failure to furnish any of the services or utilities as set forth in this   Article 6  . 
  6.4        Generator  . 
  6.4.1        In General  .  Subject to the terms hereof (including, without limitation, the Tenant Work Letter and   Article 8   of this Lease, as applicable) and applicable laws, Tenant shall have the right, at Tenant's sole cost and expense, to install a back-up generator (the "  Generator  ") in a location in the Project to be mutually and reasonably agreed upon by Landlord and Tenant (the "  Generator Area  ") to service the Premises in the event of a power outage. For purposes of this Lease, the "Generator" shall be deemed to include, without limitation, all associated equipment, connections and/or facilities. To the extent the Generator Area occupies revenue producing areas of the Project (e.g., parking spaces), Tenant shall be required to pay to Landlord the lost rental or income associated with such area. All plans and specifications relating to the Generator shall be subject to the approval of Landlord, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. If Tenant uses an engineer other that ARC Engineering to prepare the engineering plans, then Tenant shall reimburse the reasonable, actual out-of-pocket costs incurred by Landlord in having such plans reviewed by ARC Engineering.  Subject to the terms of this   Section 6.4  , Landlord shall permit Tenant, at its sole cost and expense, to install and maintain the Generator, all in compliance with applicable laws.  The cost of design (including engineering costs) and installation of the Generator and the costs of the Generator itself shall be Tenant's sole responsibility, but, except as provided above, Tenant shall not be obligated to pay Landlord any additional Rent or other fees in connection with the installation or use of the Generator.  Tenant acknowledges that to the extent that the Generator shall be visible from certain portions of the Building and/or Project, Landlord may require (in Landlord's sole discretion) that Tenant, at Tenant's sole cost and expense, install screening, landscaping or other improvements satisfactory to Landlord (in Landlord's sole discretion) in order to satisfy Landlord's aesthetic requirements in connection with the area surrounding the Generator, all at Tenant's sole cost and expense. 
  6.4.2        Operation and Maintenance of Generator  .  In no event shall Tenant permit the Generator to interfere with normal and customary use or operation of the Building and Project by Landlord or other tenants and/or occupants (including, without limitation, by means of noise or odor).  Tenant shall be responsible, at Tenant's sole cost and expense, for all maintenance and repairs and compliance with law obligations (including, without limitation, any Department of Ecology requirements imposed with respect to the fuel tank) with respect to the Generator, and Tenant acknowledges and that Landlord shall have no responsibility in connection with the Generator and that Landlord shall not be liable for any physical damage that may occur with respect to the Generator except to the extent caused by the negligence of Landlord or a Landlord Party.  Without limitation of the foregoing provisions of this   Section 6.4.2  , all matters (including all plans and specifications) relating to the installation, connection, use, maintenance, repair, compliance with laws, and removal of the Generator (including, without limitation, the manner and means of Tenant's connection of the Generator to the electrical systems of the Building) shall be subject to the prior approval of Landlord, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld and may be conditioned on Tenant complying with such reasonable requirements imposed by Landlord, based on the advice of Landlord's engineers, so that the Building's systems or other components of the Building and the occupants of the Building are not adversely affected by the installation and operation of the Generator, and/or based upon other reasonable factors as determined by Landlord.  In the event that Tenant shall fail to comply with the requirements set forth herein, after notice and opportunity to cure as provided for in Section 19.1.2, without limitation of Landlord's other remedies, (i) Landlord shall have the right to terminate Tenant's rights with respect to the Generator, and/or (ii) Landlord shall have the right, at Tenant's sole cost and expense, to cure such breach, in which event Tenant shall  

be obligated to pay to Landlord, within ten (10) days following demand by Landlord, the amount expended by Landlord, plus Landlord's standard administration fee.  The Generator and Generator Area shall be deemed to be a part of the Premises for purposes of the insurance provisions of this Lease, and, in addition, Tenant shall maintain, at Tenant's cost, industry standard "boiler and machinery" insurance coverage with respect thereto.   
  6.4.3        Generator Use  .  The Generator shall be used by Tenant only during (i) testing and regular maintenance, and (ii) the period of any electrical power outage in the Building.  Tenant shall be entitled to operate the Generator for testing and regular maintenance one (1) time per month, and at other times reasonably approved by Landlord.   
  6.4.4        Tenant Indemnification  .  The terms of Tenant's indemnity of Landlord and the "Landlord Parties," as provided in   Section 10.1  , below, shall apply to the Generator Area and Tenant's installation, maintenance and use of the Generator. 
  6.4.5        Removal of Generator  .  At Landlord's option, Landlord may require that Tenant remove the Generator and all related facilities and equipment as of the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease (or upon any earlier termination of Tenant's rights with respect to the Generator as provided hereunder), and repair all damage to the Building and/or Project resulting from such removal and restore all affected areas to their condition existing prior to the installation of the Generator, all at Tenant's sole cost and expense.  The foregoing obligations of Tenant shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease. 
  6.5        Supplemental HVAC  . As a part of its Tenant Improvements, and subject to the terms of the Tenant Work Letter, or as an Alteration done in accordance with the terms of   Article 8  , below, Tenant, at its sole expense, may install a supplemental HVAC system in the Premises or in a location in the Project to be mutually and reasonably agreed upon by Landlord and Tenant for the purpose of providing supplemental air-conditioning to the Premises (the "  Tenant HVAC System  ").  To the extent the Tenant HVAC System occupies revenue producing areas of the Project (e.g., parking spaces), Tenant shall be required to pay to Landlord the lost rental or income associated with such area.  All aspects of the Tenant HVAC System shall be subject to Landlord's prior written approval, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, unless   the structural aspects of the Building, the Building systems and equipment, and/or the exterior appearance of the Building will be materially adversely affected, in which event Landlord's approval may be withheld in Landlord's sole and absolute discretion.  The Tenant HVAC System shall be air cooled, and the condenser must be on the exterior of the Building.   Tenant shall be responsible for the cost of all electricity utilized by the Tenant HVAC System.  At Landlord's election prior to the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease, Tenant shall leave the Tenant HVAC System in the Premises upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease, in which event the Tenant HVAC System shall be surrendered with the Premises upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease, and Tenant shall thereafter have no further rights with respect thereto.  In the event that Landlord fails to elect to have the Tenant HVAC System left in the Premises upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease, then Tenant shall remove the Tenant HVAC System upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease, and repair all damage to the Building resulting from such removal, at Tenant's sole cost and expense.  Tenant shall be solely responsible, at Tenant's sole cost and expense, for the monitoring, operation, repair, replacement, and removal (subject to the foregoing terms of this   Section 6.5  ), of the Tenant HVAC System, and in no event shall the Tenant HVAC System interfere with Landlord's operation of the Building.  Any reimbursements owing by Tenant to Landlord pursuant to this Section 6.5 shall be payable by Tenant within thirty (30) days of Tenant's receipt of an invoice therefor. Tenant acknowledges that to the extent that the Tenant HVAC System shall be visible from certain portions of the Building and/or Project, Landlord may require (in Landlord's sole discretion) that Tenant, at Tenant's sole cost and expense, install screening, landscaping or other improvements satisfactory to Landlord (in Landlord's sole discretion) in order to satisfy Landlord's aesthetic requirements in connection with the area surrounding the Tenant HVAC System. 

ARTICLE 7            REPAIRS 
  7.1        Landlord Repair Obligations  .  Landlord shall maintain in good condition and operating order and keep in good repair and condition the structural portions of the Building, including the foundation, floor/ceiling slabs, roof structure and membrane, curtain wall, exterior glass and mullions, columns, beams, shafts (including elevator shafts), stairs, stairwells, elevator cabs, Building mechanical, electrical and telephone closets, and all common and public areas servicing the Project, including the Common Areas, parking areas, landscaping and exterior Project signage (collectively, "  Building Structure  ") and the Base Building mechanical, electrical (including Base Building panels and transformers), life safety, plumbing, sprinkler systems and HVAC systems which were not constructed by Tenant Parties (collectively, the "  Building Systems  ").  Notwithstanding anything in this Lease to the contrary, Tenant shall be required to repair the Building Structure and/or the Building Systems to the extent of damage caused due to Tenant's use of the Premises for other than the Permitted Use, unless and to the extent such damage is covered by insurance carried or required to be carried by Landlord pursuant to   Article 10   and to which the waiver of subrogation is applicable (such obligation to the extent applicable to Tenant as qualified and conditioned will hereinafter be defined as the "  BS/BS Exception  ").   
  7.2        Tenant Repair Obligations  .  Subject to Landlord's obligations under   Section 7.1   above, Tenant shall, at Tenant's own expense, keep the Premises, including all improvements, fixtures, equipment, interior window coverings, and furnishings therein, men's and women's washrooms, and the floor or floors of the Building on which the Premises is located, in good order, repair and condition at all times during the Lease Term, but such obligation shall not extend to the Building Structure and the Building Systems except pursuant to the BS/BS Exception. In addition, Tenant shall, at Tenant's own expense, but under the supervision and subject to the prior approval of Landlord, and within any reasonable period of time specified by Landlord, promptly and adequately repair all damage to the Premises and replace or repair all damaged, broken, or worn fixtures and appurtenances, but such obligation shall not extend to the Building Structure and the Building Systems except pursuant to the BS/BS Exception, except for damage caused by ordinary wear and tear or beyond the reasonable control of Tenant; provided however, that, at Landlord's option, or if Tenant fails to make such repairs, Landlord may, after written notice to Tenant and Tenant's failure to repair within five (5) days thereafter, but need not, make such repairs and replacements, and Tenant shall pay Landlord the cost thereof, including a percentage of the cost thereof (to be uniformly established for the Building and/or the Project) sufficient to reimburse Landlord for all overhead, general conditions, fees and other costs or expenses arising from Landlord's involvement with such repairs and replacements within thirty (30) days after invoice.  Landlord may, but shall not be required to, enter the Premises at all reasonable times, upon reasonable prior notice to Tenant (but no notice shall be required in the case of an "Emergency", as defined in   Section 27  , below), to make such repairs, alterations, improvements or additions to the Premises or to the Project or to any equipment located in the Project as Landlord shall desire or deem necessary or as Landlord may be required to do by governmental or quasi-governmental authority or court order or decree.  In connection with any such entries, Landlord shall use commercially reasonable efforts to minimize interference with the conduct by Tenant of its business from the Building (and, upon request by Tenant, if reasonably practical, Landlord shall make such repairs, alterations, improvements or additions after normal business hours and Tenant shall absorb the incremental extra costs of having the work performed after normal business hours). Tenant hereby waives any and all rights under and benefits of subsection 1 of Section 1932 and Sections 1941 and 1942 of the California Civil Code or under any similar law, statute, or ordinance now or hereafter in effect. 
  7.3        Tenant s Right to Make Repairs  .  Notwithstanding any of the terms set forth in this Lease to the contrary, if there is an "  Emergency Repair Event  " (defined below), and Landlord has not promptly responded and commenced the applicable repair to the Building, Tenant shall have the right to take the required action without notice to Landlord.  Other than with respect to Emergency Repair Events as set forth above, if Tenant provides Notice to Landlord of an event or circumstance which requires pursuant to the Lease the action of Landlord with respect to repair and/or maintenance required in the Building, including repairs to the Building Structure and/or Building System, which event or circumstance with respect to the Building Structure or Building System materially or adversely affects the conduct of Tenant s business from the Premises, and Landlord fails to commence corrective action within a reasonable period of time, given the  

circumstances, after the receipt of such Notice, but in any event not later than ten (10) days after receipt of such Notice, then Tenant may proceed to take the required action upon delivery of an additional two (2) business days  Notice to Landlord specifying that Tenant is taking such required action.   If such action was required under the terms of this Lease to be taken by Landlord and was not commenced by Landlord within such ten (10) day period and thereafter diligently pursued to completion or was undertaken by Tenant due to an Emergency Repair Event, then Tenant shall be entitled to prompt reimbursement by Landlord of Tenant s reasonable costs and expenses in taking such action.  In the event Tenant takes such action, Tenant's work shall comply with the applicable terms of   Article 8  , below, and Tenant shall use only those contractors used by Landlord in the Building for work unless such contractors are unwilling or unable to perform, or timely perform, such work, in which event Tenant may utilize the services of any other qualified contractor which normally and regularly performs similar work in Comparable Buildings.  Following completion of any work taken by Tenant pursuant to the terms of this   Section 7.3  , Tenant shall deliver a detailed invoice of the work completed, the materials used and the costs relating thereto.  If Landlord does not deliver a detailed written objection to Tenant within thirty (30) days after receipt of an invoice from Tenant, then Landlord shall pay Tenant the amount set forth in such invoice.  If, however, Landlord delivers to Tenant, within thirty (30) days after receipt of Tenant s invoice, a written objection to the payment of such invoice, setting forth with reasonable particularity Landlord s reasons for its claim that such action did not have to be taken by Landlord pursuant to the terms of this Lease or that the charges are excessive (in which case Landlord shall pay the amount it contends would not have been excessive), then Tenant shall not then be entitled to reimbursement; provided that Tenant shall not be deemed to have waived any rights and may proceed to claim a default by Landlord and if Tenant prevails in a legal action related to such default by Landlord, Landlord shall reimburse Tenant for the amount awarded to Tenant plus interest at the Interest Rate from the time of each expenditure by Tenant until the date Tenant receives such amount and attorneys  fees and related costs.  If Landlord, at that time, fails to pay any amount due to Tenant under this Section 7.3, Tenant shall have the right to offset such amount (plus interest at the Interest Rate) against the Rent next due hereunder.  For purposes of this   Section 7.3  , an "  Emergency Repair Event  " shall mean an event threatening immediate and material danger to people located in the Building or immediate, material damage to the Building, Building Systems, Building Structure, Tenant Improvements, or Alterations, or creates a realistic possibility of an immediate and material interference with, or immediate and material interruption of Tenant's business operations (including, without limitation, interference with the use of any portion of the Premises that is critical to the operation of Tenant's business due to interruption of HVAC, electrical, or elevator services). 
   
  ARTICLE 8            ADDITIONS AND ALTERATIONS 
  8.1        Landlord's Consent to Alterations  .  Tenant shall have the right, without Landlord s consent but upon five (5) business days' prior notice to Landlord, to make non structural additions and alterations ("  Non-Structural Alterations  ") to the Premises that do not (i) affect the exterior appearance of the Premises or Building, (ii) affect the Building Systems or the Building Structure, (iii) cause a "Design Problem," as that term is defined below; or (iv) require a building or construction permit.  Except for Non-Structural Alterations, Tenant may not make any improvements, alterations, additions or changes to the Premises or any mechanical, plumbing or HVAC facilities or systems pertaining to the Premises (collectively, the "  Alterations  ") without first procuring the prior written consent of Landlord to such Alterations and all plans and specifications relating thereto, which consent shall be requested by Tenant not less than ten (10) business days prior to the commencement thereof, and which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned by Landlord.  A "  Design Problem  " is defined as, and will be deemed to exist if such Alteration will (a) affect the exterior appearance of the Premises or Building; (b) materially adversely affect the Building Structure; (c) materially adversely affect the Building Systems; or (d) fail to comply with Applicable Laws.  The construction of the initial improvements to the Premises shall be governed by the terms of the Tenant Work Letter and not the terms of this   Article 8  .   
  8.2        Manner of Construction  .  Landlord may impose, as a condition of its consent to any and all Alterations or repairs of the Premises or about the Premises, such requirements as Landlord in its reasonable discretion may deem desirable, including, but not limited to, the requirement that Tenant utilize for such purposes only contractors reasonably approved by Landlord, and any removal and/or restoration obligations required to be performed pursuant to the terms of  

Section 8.6   of this Lease.  If Landlord shall give its consent, the consent shall be deemed conditioned upon Tenant acquiring a permit to do the work from appropriate governmental agencies, the furnishing of a copy of such permit to Landlord prior to the commencement of the work, and the compliance by Tenant with all conditions of said permit in a prompt and expeditious manner.  If such Alterations will involve the use of or disturb hazardous materials or substances existing in the Premises, Tenant shall comply with Landlord's rules and regulations concerning such hazardous materials or substances.  Tenant shall construct such Alterations and perform such repairs in a good and workmanlike manner, in conformance with any and all applicable federal, state, county or municipal laws, rules and regulations and pursuant to a valid building permit, issued by the city in which the Building is located (or other applicable governmental authority), all in conformance with Landlord's reasonable construction rules and regulations; provided, however, that prior to commencing to construct any Alteration, Tenant shall meet with Landlord to discuss Landlord's design parameters and code compliance issues.  In the event Tenant performs any Alterations in the Premises which are not normal, customary general office improvements, and which require or give rise to governmentally required changes to the "Base Building," as that term is defined below, then Landlord shall, at Tenant's expense, make such changes to the Base Building.  The "  Base Building  " shall include the structural portions of the Building, and the public restrooms, elevators, exit stairwells and the systems and equipment located in the internal core of the Building on the floor or floors on which the Premises is located.  In performing the work of any such Alterations, Tenant shall have the work performed in such manner so as not to unreasonably obstruct access to the Project or any portion thereof, by any other tenant of the Project.  Tenant shall not be required to use union contractors; provided, however, that if Tenant retains non-union contractors and the presence of such non-union contractors materially interferes with either (i) Landlord s provision of services to the Project or to tenants of the Project, or performance of construction at the Project, or (ii) Project tenants  performance of construction (in either case, a    Labor Problem   ), then if Tenant does not resolve such Labor Problem (including through the potential use of a  dual gate  system) within ten (10) days following written notice from Landlord, Tenant shall cease using the non-union contractors that are the cause of the Labor Problem.  Landlord and Tenant agree that the presence of picketers shall not, on its own, constitute a Labor Problem.  In addition to Tenant's obligations under   Article 9   of this Lease, upon completion of any Alterations, Tenant agrees to cause a Notice of Completion to be recorded in the office of the Recorder of the County of Los Angeles in accordance with Section 8182 of the Civil Code of the State of California or any successor statute, and as a condition precedent to the enforceability and validity of Landlord's consent, Tenant shall deliver to the management office for the Project a reproducible copy of the "as built" and CAD drawings of the Alterations, to the extent applicable, as well as all permits, approvals and other documents issued by any governmental agency in connection with the Alterations. 
  8.3        Payment for Improvements  .    Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for Landlord's reasonable, actual, out-of-pocket costs and expenses reasonably and actually incurred in connection with Landlord's review of any Alterations, and   no other fees shall be payable to Landlord in connection with Alterations. 
  8.4        Construction Insurance  .  In addition to the requirements of Article 10 of this Lease, in the event that Tenant makes any Alterations, prior to the commencement of such Alterations, Tenant shall provide Landlord with evidence that Tenant or Tenant s contractors carries "Builder's All Risk" insurance in an amount reasonably approved by Landlord covering the construction of such Alterations, it being understood and agreed that all of such Alterations shall be insured by Tenant pursuant to Article 10 of this Lease immediately upon completion thereof.   
  8.5        Landlord's Property  .  All Alterations, improvements, fixtures, affixed equipment and/or appurtenances which may be installed or placed in or about the Premises, from time to time, shall be at the sole cost of Tenant and shall be and become the property of Landlord upon completion of the same, except that Tenant may remove any Alterations, improvements, fixtures and/or affixed equipment which Tenant can substantiate to Landlord have not been paid for with any Tenant improvement allowance funds provided to Tenant by Landlord, provided Tenant repairs any damage to the Premises and Building caused by such removal.   
  8.6        Required Removables  .  Landlord may impose, as a condition to Landlord's consent to any Alterations or the Tenant Improvements made at the time of Landlord's consent to such Alterations or Improvements, or at the time of Landlord's approval of the Tenant Improvements set forth in the "Construction Drawings" pursuant to the terms of the Work Letter, the requirement that upon Landlord's request, Tenant shall, at Tenant's expense, remove such Alterations or  

Improvements (the "  Required Removables  ") upon the expiration or any early termination of the Lease Term, and repair any damage to the Premises and Building caused by such removal.  If Tenant fails to complete such removal and/or to repair any damage caused by the removal of any Required Removables, then at Landlord's option may do so and may charge the cost thereof to Tenant.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant shall not be required to remove normal and customary business office or creative office improvements, or cabling. 
   
  ARTICLE 9            COVENANT AGAINST LIENS 
  Tenant shall keep the Project and Premises free from any liens or encumbrances arising out of the work performed, materials furnished or obligations incurred by or on behalf of Tenant, and shall protect, defend, indemnify and hold Landlord harmless from and against any claims, liabilities, judgments or costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and costs) arising out of same or in connection therewith.  Tenant shall give Landlord notice at least twenty (20) days prior to the commencement of any such work on the Premises (or such additional time as may be necessary under applicable laws) to afford Landlord the opportunity of posting and recording appropriate notices of non-responsibility.  Tenant shall remove any such lien or encumbrance by bond or otherwise within twenty (20) days after notice by Landlord, and if Tenant shall fail to do so, Landlord may pay the amount necessary to remove such lien or encumbrance, without being responsible for investigating the validity thereof.  The amount so paid shall be deemed Additional Rent under this Lease payable upon demand, without limitation as to other remedies available to Landlord under this Lease.  Nothing contained in this Lease shall authorize Tenant to do any act which shall subject Landlord's title to the Building or Premises to any liens or encumbrances whether claimed by operation of law or express or implied contract.  Any claim to a lien or encumbrance upon the Building or Premises arising in connection with any such work or respecting the Premises not performed by or at the request of Landlord shall be null and void, or at Landlord's option shall attach only against Tenant's interest in the Premises and shall in all respects be subordinate to Landlord's title to the Project, Building and Premises. 
   
  ARTICLE 10            TENANT'S INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE 
  10.1        Tenant's Indemnity  .   
  10.1.1        Indemnity  .  Subject to the limitations set forth in   Sections 10.13   and   29.13   below, to the maximum extent permitted by law, Tenant waives any right to contribution against the "Landlord Parties," as that term is defined in   Section 10.13  , below, and agrees to indemnify and save harmless the Landlord Parties     from and against all claims of whatever nature by any third party arising from or claimed to have arisen from (i) any act, omission or negligence of the "Tenant Parties," as that term is defined in   Section 10.13  , below, in or on the  Premises; (ii) any accident, injury or damage whatsoever caused to any person, or to the property of any person, occurring in or about the Premises from the earlier of (A) the date on which any Tenant Party first enters the Premises for any reason or (B) the Lease Commencement Date, and thereafter throughout and until the end of the Lease Term and after the end of the Lease Term for as long as Tenant or anyone acting by, through or under Tenant is in occupancy of the Premises or any portion thereof; (iii) any accident, injury or damage whatsoever occurring outside the Premises but within the Project, where such accident, injury or damage results, or is claimed to have resulted, from any negligence or willful misconduct on the part of any of the Tenant     Parties; or (iv) any breach of this Lease by Tenant.  Landlord shall provide Tenant prompt notice of any indemnifiable claim hereunder.  Tenant shall pay such indemnified amounts as they are incurred by the Landlord Parties.  This indemnification shall not be construed to deny or reduce any other rights or obligations of indemnity that a Landlord Party    

may have under this Lease or the common law. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, Tenant shall not be obligated to indemnify a Landlord Party for any claims to the extent that such Landlord Party's damages in fact result from such Landlord Party's negligence or willful misconduct. 
  10.1.2        Breach  .  In the event that Tenant breaches any of its indemnity obligations hereunder or under any other contractual or common law indemnity: (i) Tenant shall pay to the Landlord Parties     all liabilities, loss, cost, or expense (including attorney s fees) incurred as a result of said breach; and (ii) the Landlord Parties     may deduct and offset from any amounts due to Tenant under this Lease any amounts owed by Tenant pursuant to this section. 
  10.1.3        No limitation  .  The indemnification obligations under this Section shall not be limited in any way by any limitation on the amount or type of damages, compensation or benefits payable by or for Tenant or any subtenant or other occupant of the Premises under workers' compensation acts, disability benefit acts, or other employee benefit acts. Tenant waives any immunity from or limitation on its indemnity or contribution liability to the Landlord Parties based upon such acts. 
  10.1.4        Subtenants and other occupants  .  Tenant shall require its subtenants and other occupants of the Premises to provide similar indemnities to the Landlord Parties in a form reasonably acceptable to Landlord. 
  10.1.5        Survival  .  The terms of this Section shall survive any termination or expiration of this Lease. 
  10.1.6        Costs  .  The foregoing indemnity and hold harmless agreement shall include indemnity for all costs, expenses and liabilities (including, without limitation, attorneys  fees and disbursements) incurred by the Landlord Parties     in connection with any such claim or any action or proceeding brought thereon, and the defense thereof.  In addition, in the event that any action or proceeding shall be brought against one or more Landlord Parties by reason of any such claim, Tenant, upon request from the Landlord Party, shall resist and defend such action or proceeding on behalf of the Landlord Party by counsel appointed by Tenant s insurer (if such claim is covered by insurance without reservation) or otherwise by counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Landlord Party.  The Landlord Parties shall not be bound by any compromise or settlement of any such claim, action or proceeding without the prior written consent of such Landlord Parties.   
    
  10.2        Tenant's Risk  .  Tenant agrees to use and occupy the Premises, and to use such other portions of the Building and the Project as Tenant is given the right to use by this Lease at Tenant s own risk, except as provided herein.  The Landlord Parties     shall not be liable to the Tenant Parties for any damage, injury, loss, compensation, or claim (including, but not limited to, claims for the interruption of or loss to a Tenant Party s business)  to property that Tenant is required to insure under   Section 10.4   below based on, arising out of or resulting from any cause whatsoever, including, but not limited to, repairs to any portion of the Premises or the Building or the Project, any fire, robbery, theft, mysterious disappearance, or any other crime or casualty, the actions of any other tenants of the Building or of any other person or persons, or any leakage in any part or portion of the Premises or the Building or the Project, or from water, rain or snow that may leak into, or flow from any part of the Premises or the Building or the Project, or from drains, pipes or plumbing fixtures in the Building or the Project.      The Landlord Parties     shall not be responsible or liable to a Tenant Party, or to those claiming by, through or under a Tenant Party, for any loss or damage that may be occasioned by or through the acts or omissions of persons occupying adjoining premises or any part of the premises adjacent to or connecting with the Premises or any part of the Building or otherwise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Landlord Parties shall not be released from liability for any injury, loss, damages or liability to the extent arising from any negligence or willful misconduct of the Landlord Parties on or about the Premises; provided, however, in no event shall the Landlord Parties have any liability to a Tenant Party based on any loss with respect to or interruption in the operation of Tenant's business. The provisions of this Section shall be applicable until the expiration or earlier termination of the Lease Term, and during such further period as Tenant may use or be in occupancy of any part of the Premises or of the Building.   

10.3        Tenant's Commercial General Liability Insurance  . Tenant agrees to maintain in full force on or before the earlier of (i) the date on which any Tenant Party first enters the Premises for any reason or (ii) the Lease Commencement Date throughout the Lease Term of this Lease, and thereafter, so long as Tenant is in occupancy of any part of the Premises, a policy of commercial general liability insurance, on an occurrence basis, issued on a form at least as broad as Insurance Services Office ("ISO") Commercial General Liability Coverage "occurrence" form CG 00 01 10 01 or another ISO Commercial General Liability "occurrence" form providing equivalent coverage. Such insurance shall include contractual liability coverage, specifically covering but not limited to the indemnification obligations undertaken by Tenant in this Lease. The minimum limits of liability of such insurance shall be $5,000,000 per occurrence. In addition, in the event Tenant hosts a function in the Premises, Tenant agrees to obtain, and cause any persons or parties providing services for such function to obtain, the appropriate insurance coverages as determined by Landlord (including liquor liability coverage, if applicable) and provide Landlord with evidence of the same. 
  10.4        Tenant's Property Insurance  .  Tenant shall maintain at all times during the Lease Term, and during such earlier time as Tenant may be performing work in or to the Premises     or have property, fixtures, furniture, equipment, machinery, goods, supplies, wares or merchandise on the Premises,     and continuing thereafter so long as Tenant is in occupancy of any part of the Premises, business interruption insurance and (insurance against loss or damage covered by the so-called  all risk  type insurance coverage with respect to (i) Tenant s property, fixtures, furniture, equipment, machinery, goods, supplies, wares and merchandise, and (ii) the "Tenant Improvements," as that term is defined in the Tenant Work Letter, and any other improvements which exist in the Premises as of the Lease Commencement Date (excluding the Base Building) (the "  Original Improvements  "), and all alterations, improvements and other modifications made by or on behalf of the Tenant in the Premises, and (iii) other property of Tenant located at the Premises     (collectively "  Tenant s Property  ").  The business interruption insurance required by this section shall be in minimum amounts typically carried by prudent tenants engaged in similar operations, but in no event shall be in an amount less than the Base Rent then in effect during any Lease Year, plus any Additional Rent due and payable for the immediately preceding Lease Year.  The  all risk  insurance required by this Section shall be in an amount at least equal to the full replacement cost of Tenant s Property.  In addition, during such time as Tenant is performing work in or to the Premises, Tenant, at Tenant s expense, shall also maintain, or shall cause its contractor(s) to maintain, builder s risk insurance for the full insurable value of such work.  Landlord and such additional persons or entities as Landlord may reasonably request shall be named as loss payees, as their interests may appear, on the policy or policies required by this Section.  In the event of loss or damage covered by the  all risk  insurance required by this Section, the responsibilities for repairing or restoring the loss or damage shall be determined in accordance with   Article 11   of this Lease, below.  To the extent that Landlord is obligated to pay for the repair or restoration of the loss or damage covered by the policy, Landlord shall be paid the proceeds of the  all risk  insurance covering the loss or damage.  To the extent Tenant is obligated to pay for the repair or restoration of the loss or damage, covered by the policy, Tenant shall be paid the proceeds of the  all risk  insurance covering the loss or damage.  If both Landlord and Tenant are obligated to pay for the repair or restoration of the loss or damage covered by the policy, the insurance proceeds shall be paid to each of them in the pro rata proportion of their obligations to repair or restore the loss or damage.  If the loss or damage is not repaired or restored (for example, if the Lease is terminated pursuant to   Section 11.2   of this Lease, below), the insurance proceeds shall be paid to Tenant, provided that Tenant shall pay Landlord for the unamortized amount of the Tenant Improvement Allowance (amortized on a straight line basis over the initial Lease Term). The insurance required to be maintained by Tenant pursuant to this section may be carried under blanket insurance policies covering the Premises and other properties owned or leased by Tenant or Tenant's Affiliates, so long as such policies comply with this Lease.  The coverage provided by such policies shall at all times meet the requirements of this Lease, without co-insurance. 
  10.5        Tenant's Other Insurance  . Throughout the Lease Term, Tenant shall obtain and maintain (1) comprehensive automobile liability insurance (covering any automobiles owned or operated by Tenant at the Project) issued on a form at least as broad as ISO Business Auto Coverage form CA 00 01 07 97 or other form providing equivalent coverage; (2) worker's compensation insurance or participation in a monopolistic state workers' compensation fund; and (3) employer's liability insurance or (in a monopolistic state) Stop Gap Liability insurance.  Such automobile liability insurance shall be in an amount not less than One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) for each accident. Such worker's compensation insurance shall carry minimum limits as defined by the law of the jurisdiction in which the Premises are  

located (as the same may be amended from time to time). Such employer's liability insurance shall be in an amount not less than One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) for each accident, One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) disease-policy limit, and One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) disease-each employee. 
  10.6        Requirements For Insurance  .  All insurance required to be maintained by Tenant pursuant to this Lease shall be maintained with responsible companies that are admitted to do business, and are in good standing, in the jurisdiction in which the Premises are located and that have a rating of at least "A" and are within a financial size category of not less than "Class X" in the most current Best's Key Rating Guide or such similar rating as may be reasonably selected by Landlord. All such insurance shall: (1) be acceptable in form and content to Landlord; and (2) be primary and noncontributory. Tenant shall deliver prompt written notice to Landlord in the event any such insurance is cancelled or changed so as to reduce coverage below that which is required by the terms of this Lease, and shall promptly cause the insurance carried by Tenant to comply with the terms of this Lease. No such policy shall contain any self-insured retention greater than Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars ($25,000.00), without Landlord's prior approval. Any deductibles and such self-insured retentions shall be deemed to be "insurance" for purposes of the waiver in   Section 10.13   of this Lease, below. Landlord reserves the right from time to time (but not more than once every five years) to require Tenant to obtain higher minimum amounts of insurance based on such limits as are customarily carried with respect to similar properties in the area in which the Premises are located. The minimum amounts of insurance required by this Lease shall not be reduced by the payment of claims or for any other reason. In the event Tenant shall fail to obtain or maintain any insurance meeting the requirements of this Article, or to deliver such policies or certificates as required by this Article, Landlord may, at its option, on five (5) days' notice to Tenant, procure such policies for the account of Tenant, and the cost thereof shall be paid to Landlord within five (5) days after delivery to Tenant of bills therefor. 
  10.7        Additional Insureds  . The commercial general liability and auto insurance carried by Tenant pursuant to this Lease, and any additional liability insurance carried by Tenant pursuant to   Section 10.3   of this Lease, above, shall name Landlord, Landlord's managing agent, and such other persons as Landlord may reasonably request from time to time as additional insureds with respect to liability arising out of or related to this Lease or the operations of Tenant (collectively "  Additional Insureds  "). Such insurance shall provide primary coverage without contribution from any other insurance carried by or for the benefit of Landlord, Landlord's managing agent, or other Additional Insureds. Such insurance shall also waive any right of subrogation against each Additional Insured. 
  10.8        Certificates Of Insurance  . On or before the earlier of (i) the date on which any Tenant Party first enters the Premises for any reason or (ii) the Lease Commencement Date, Tenant shall furnish Landlord with certificates evidencing the insurance coverage required by this Lease, and renewal certificates shall be furnished to Landlord at least annually thereafter, and prior to the expiration date of each policy for which a certificate was furnished. (Acceptable forms of such certificates for liability and property insurance, respectively, are attached hereto as   Exhibit F  .) In jurisdictions requiring mandatory participation in a monopolistic state workers' compensation fund, the insurance certificate requirements for the coverage required for workers' compensation will be satisfied by a letter from the appropriate state agency confirming participation in accordance with statutory requirements. Such current participation letters required by this Section shall be provided every six (6) months for the duration of this Lease. Failure by the Tenant to provide the certificates or letters required by this Section shall not be deemed to be a waiver of the requirements in this Section. Upon request by Landlord, a true and complete copy of any insurance policy required by this Lease shall be delivered to Landlord within ten (10) days following Landlord's request. 
  10.9        Intentionally Deleted  .   
  10.10        Requirements of Landlord s Insurance Companies  . Tenant shall comply with the reasonable requirements of Landlord s insurance companies, provided that such requirements shall be consistent with the terms of this Lease and shall not add material cost or liability to Tenant. 
  10.11        Tenant To Pay Premium Increases  . If, because of anything done, caused or permitted to be done, or omitted by Tenant (or its subtenant or other occupants of the Premises) that is not consistent with the Permitted Use (other than Lab Use, for which Tenant shall be responsible for such increased costs, if any), the rates for liability, fire, boiler,  

sprinkler, water damage or other insurance on the Project or on the property and equipment of Landlord or any other tenant or subtenant in the Building shall be higher than they otherwise would be, Tenant shall reimburse Landlord and/or the other tenants and subtenants in the Building for the additional insurance premiums thereafter paid by Landlord or by any of the other tenants and subtenants in the Building which shall have been charged because of the aforesaid reasons, such reimbursement to be made from time to time on Landlord's demand. 
  10.12        Landlord's Insurance  . 
  10.12.1        Required insurance  . Landlord shall maintain (i) insurance against loss or damage with respect to the Building on an "all risk" type insurance form, with customary exceptions, subject to such deductibles and self-insured retentions as Landlord may determine, in an amount equal to at least the replacement value of the Building  ;   (ii) insurance with respect to any improvements, alterations, and fixtures of Tenant located at the Premises to the extent paid for by Landlord; and (iii) commercial general liability insurance with respect to the Building in an amount not less than $10,000,000 per occurrence, with deductibles and self-insured retentions as determined by Landlord. The cost of such insurance shall be treated as a part of Operating Expenses. Such insurance shall be maintained with an insurance company or companies selected by Landlord. Payment for losses thereunder shall be made solely to Landlord.  Payment for losses thereunder shall be made solely to Landlord. 
  10.12.2        Optional insurance  . Landlord may maintain such additional insurance with respect to the Building and the Project, including, without limitation, earthquake insurance, terrorism insurance, flood insurance, liability insurance and/or rent insurance, as Landlord may in its sole discretion elect. Landlord may also maintain such other insurance as may from time to time be required by any holder of a mortgage, trust deed or other encumbrance in force against the Building or the Project or any part thereof which includes the Premises or any lessor under a ground lease or underlying lease of the Building or the Project (collectively, a "  Mortgagee  "). The cost of all such additional insurance shall also be part of the Operating Expenses, subject to the limitations set forth in   Section 1.1.4   of   Exhibit G  . 
  10.12.3        Blanket and self-insurance  . Any or all of Landlord's insurance may be provided by blanket coverage maintained by Landlord or any affiliate of Landlord under its insurance program for its portfolio of properties, or by Landlord or any affiliate of Landlord under a program of self-insurance, and in such event Operating Expenses shall include the portion of the reasonable cost of blanket insurance or self-insurance that is allocated to the Building. 
  10.12.4        No obligation  . Landlord shall not be obligated to insure Tenant's Property, including any such property or work of tenant's subtenants or occupants. Landlord will also have no obligation to carry insurance against, nor be responsible for, any loss suffered by Tenant, subtenants or other occupants due to interruption of Tenant's or any subtenant's or occupant's business. 
  10.13        Waiver Of Subrogation  . The parties hereto waive and release any and all rights of recovery against the other, and agree not to seek to recover from the other or to make any claim against the other, and in the case of Landlord, against all Tenant Parties, and in the case of Tenant, against all Landlord Parties, for any loss or damage incurred by the waiving/releasing party to the extent such loss or damage is insured under any insurance policy required by this Lease or which would have been so insured had the party carried the insurance it was required to carry hereunder,     provided that this waiver and release shall not apply to the commercial general liability insurance Landlord is required to carry by   Section 10.12.1(iii)   or any commercial general liability insurance Tenant is required to carry by   Section 10.3  . Tenant shall obtain from its subtenants and other occupants of the Premises a similar waiver and release of claims against any or all of Tenant or Landlord.  The insurance policies required by this Lease shall contain no provision that would invalidate or restrict the parties' waiver and release of the rights of recovery in this section. The parties hereto covenant that no insurer shall hold any right of subrogation against the parties hereto by virtue of such insurance policy. 
  The term "  Landlord Party  " or "  Landlord Parties  " shall mean Landlord, any affiliate of Landlord, Landlord's managing agents for the Building, each Mortgagee, each ground lessor, and each of their respective direct or indirect partners, officers, shareholders, directors, members, trustees, beneficiaries, servants, employees, principals, contractors, licensees, agents or representatives. For the purposes of this Lease, the term "  Tenant Party  " or "  Tenant  

Parties  " shall mean Tenant, any affiliate of Tenant, any permitted subtenant or any other permitted occupant of the Premises, and each of their respective direct or indirect partners, officers, shareholders, directors, members, trustees, beneficiaries, servants, employees, principals, contractors, licensees, agents, invitees or representatives. 
  10.14        Tenant's Work  .  During such times as Tenant is performing work or having work or services performed in or to the Premises, Tenant shall require its contractors, and their subcontractors of all tiers, to obtain and maintain commercial general liability, automobile, workers compensation, employer s liability insurance in such amounts and on such terms as are customarily required of such contractors and subcontractors on similar projects.  The amounts and terms of all such insurance are subject to Landlord s written approval, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld. The commercial general liability and auto insurance carried by Tenant s contractors and their subcontractors of all tiers pursuant to this section shall name Landlord, Landlord's managing agent, and such other Persons as Landlord may reasonably request from time to time as additional insureds with respect to liability arising out of or related to their work or services (collectively, "  Additional Insureds  ").  Such insurance shall provide primary coverage without contribution from any other insurance carried by or for the benefit of Landlord, Landlord's managing agent, or other Additional Insureds.  Such insurance shall also waive any right of subrogation against each Additional Insured.  Tenant shall obtain and submit to Landlord, prior to the earlier of (i) the entry onto the Premises by such contractors or subcontractors or (ii) commencement of the work or services, certificates of insurance evidencing compliance with the requirements of this section. 
  10.15        Landlord's Indemnity  . 
  10.15.1        Indemnity  .  Subject to the limitations set forth in   Sections 10.13   above and   29.13   below, to the maximum extent permitted by law, Landlord waives any right to contribution against the Tenant Parties and agrees to indemnify and save harmless the Tenant Parties from and against all claims of whatever nature by any third party arising from or claimed to have arisen from (i) the negligence or willful misconduct of Landlord or the Landlord Parties in connection with the Landlord Parties' activities in the Building or the Project; or (ii) any breach of this Lease by Landlord.  Landlord shall pay such indemnified amounts as they are incurred by the Tenant Parties.  Tenant shall provide Landlord prompt notice of any indemnifiable claim hereunder.  Landlord shall pay such indemnified amounts as they are incurred by the Tenant Parties.  This indemnification shall not be construed to deny or reduce any other rights or obligations of indemnity that a Tenant Party may have under this Lease or the common law.  Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, Landlord shall not be obligated to indemnify a Tenant Party for any claims to the extent that such Tenant Party's damages in fact result from such Tenant Party's negligence or willful misconduct. 
  10.15.2        Breach  .  In the event that Landlord breaches any of its indemnity obligations hereunder or under any other contractual or common law indemnity: (i) Landlord shall pay to the Tenant Parties all liabilities, loss, cost, or expense (including attorney's fees) incurred as a result of said breach; and (ii) the Tenant Parties may deduct and offset from any amounts due to Landlord under this Lease any amounts owed by Landlord pursuant to this section. 
  10.15.3        No Limitation  .  The indemnification obligations under this Section shall not be limited in any way by any limitation on the amount or type of damages, compensation or benefits payable by or for Landlord or any under workers' compensation acts, disability benefit acts, or other employee benefit acts.  Landlord waives any immunity from or limitation on its indemnity or contribution liability to the Tenant Parties based upon such acts. 
  10.15.4        Survival  .  The terms of this Section shall survive any termination or expiration of this Lease. 
  10.15.5        Costs  .  The foregoing indemnity and hold harmless agreement shall include indemnity for all costs, expenses and liabilities (including, without limitation, attorneys' fees and disbursements) incurred by the Tenant Parties in connection with any such claim or any action or proceeding brought thereon, and the defense thereof.  In addition, in the event that any action or proceeding shall be brought against one or more Tenant Parties by reason of any such claim, Landlord, upon request from the Tenant Party, shall resist and defend such action or proceeding on behalf of the Tenant Party by counsel appointed by Landlord's insurer (if such claim is covered by insurance without reservation) or otherwise by counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Tenant Party.  The Tenant Parties shall not be bound by any compromise or settlement of any such claim, action or proceeding without the prior written consent of such Tenant Parties. 

ARTICLE 11            DAMAGE AND DESTRUCTION 
  11.1        Repair of Damage to Premises by Landlord  .  To the extent that Landlord does not have actual knowledge of the same, Tenant shall promptly notify Landlord of any damage to the Premises resulting from fire or any other casualty.  If the Building Structure, Building Systems or any Common Areas serving or providing access to the Premises shall be damaged by a fire or any other casualty (collectively, a "  Casualty  "), Landlord shall promptly and diligently, subject to reasonable delays for insurance adjustment or other matters beyond Landlord's reasonable control, and subject to all other terms of this   Article 11  , restore the Building Structure, Building Systems and such Common Areas.  Such restoration shall be to substantially the same condition of the Base Building and the Common Areas prior to the Casualty, except for modifications required by zoning and building codes and other laws, provided that access to the Premises and any common restrooms serving the Premises shall not be materially impaired.  Tenant shall promptly notify Landlord upon the occurrence of any damage to the Premises resulting from a Casualty, and Tenant shall promptly inform its insurance carrier of any such damage.  Upon notice (the "  Landlord Repair Notice  ") to Tenant from Landlord, Tenant shall assign to Landlord (or to any party designated by Landlord) all insurance proceeds payable to Tenant under Tenant's insurance required under   Section 10.3.2(ii) and (iii)   of this Lease, and Landlord shall repair any injury or damage to the Improvements and the Original Improvements installed in the Premises and shall return such Improvements and the Original Improvements to their original condition as reasonably modified by Tenant; provided that if the cost of such repair by Landlord exceeds the amount of insurance proceeds received by Landlord from Tenant's insurance carrier, as assigned by Tenant, the cost of such repairs shall be paid by Tenant to Landlord prior to Landlord's commencement of repair of the damage.  In the event that Landlord does not deliver the Landlord Repair Notice within sixty (60) days following the date the Casualty becomes known to Landlord, Tenant shall, at its sole cost and expense, repair any injury or damage to the Improvements and the Original Improvements installed in the Premises.  Whether or not Landlord delivers a Landlord Repair Notice, prior to the commencement of construction, Tenant shall submit to Landlord, for Landlord's review and approval, all plans, specifications and working drawings relating thereto (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld), and Landlord shall have the right to approve the contractors that will perform such improvement work (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld).  Landlord shall not be liable for any inconvenience or annoyance to Tenant or its visitors, or injury to Tenant's business resulting in any way from such damage or the repair thereof; provided however, that if such Casualty shall have damaged the Premises or Common Areas necessary to Tenant's occupancy, and the Premises is not occupied by Tenant as a result thereof, then during the time and to the extent the Premises is unfit for occupancy, the Rent shall be abated in proportion to the ratio that the amount of rentable square feet of the Premises which is unfit for occupancy for the purposes permitted under this Lease bears to the total rentable square feet of the Premises, provided further if so much of the Premises is damaged so that Tenant is objectively prevented from effectively conducting its business from the entire Premises, then Rent shall be abated for the entire Premises.  In the event that Landlord shall not deliver the Landlord Repair Notice, Tenant's right to rent abatement pursuant to the preceding sentence shall terminate as of the date which Tenant should have completed repairs to the Premises (including a reasonable period for re-installation of Tenant's furniture, fixtures and equipment and moving back into the damaged portion of the Premises)  assuming Tenant used reasonable due diligence in connection therewith. 
  11.2        Landlord's Option to Repair  .  Notwithstanding the terms of Section 11.1 of this Lease, Landlord may elect not to rebuild and/or restore the Building Structure, Building Systems and/or Common Areas, and instead terminate this Lease, by notifying Tenant in writing of such termination within forty five (45) days after the date of discovery of the damage, such notice to include a termination date giving Tenant ninety (90) days to vacate the Premises, but Landlord may so elect only if the Premises, Building Structure, Building Systems and/or Common Areas shall be materially damaged by fire or other casualty or cause and one or more of the following conditions is present: (i) in the reasonable judgment of a qualified contractor, reasonably approved by Landlord and Tenant, repairs cannot reasonably be completed within fifteen (15) months after the date of discovery of the damage (when such repairs are made without the payment of overtime or other premiums); (ii) except for the  Landlord Contribution,  as that term is defined, below, the damage is not fully covered by Landlord s insurance policies and Landlord elects not to commence rebuilding or reconstructing within one (1) year from the date of such damage and destruction (and provided that Tenant does not elect to pay any such shortfall);  

or (iii) the damage occurs during the last twelve (12) months of the Lease Term; provided, however, that if Landlord does not elect to terminate this Lease pursuant to Landlord s termination right as provided above, and either (a) in the reasonable judgment of a qualified contractor, reasonably approved by Landlord and Tenant, the repairs will require an interruption of Tenant s use of all or a portion of the Premises for a period in excess of fifteen (15) months after the date of the discovery of the damage, or (b) the Premises or the Building is destroyed or damaged to any substantial extent during the last twelve (12) months of the Lease Term (as the same may be extended), then Tenant may elect, no earlier than forty-five (45) days after the date of the damage and not later than ninety (90) days after the date of such damage, to terminate this Lease by notice to Landlord effective as of the date specified in the notice, which shall not be less than thirty (30) days nor more than one hundred eighty (180) days following Tenant s delivery of such notice.  At any time, from time to time, after the date occurring forty-five (45) days after the date of the damage, Tenant may request that Landlord provide Tenant with its reasonable opinion of the date of completion of the repairs, and Landlord shall respond to such request within five (5) business days.  For the purposes of this   Section 11.2  , the "  Landlord Contribution  " shall initially mean $2,000,000.00; provided, however, that such amount shall be reduced by $200,000 on the first day of each Lease Year after the first Lease Year (but shall in no event be reduced below $200,000), and further provided that the Landlord Contribution shall be reset to $1,000,000 on the first day of each Option Term.  If the Lease is terminated as a result of damage to the Premises resulting from fire or any other casualty as provided in this   Section 11.2  , Tenant shall assign to Landlord any insurance proceeds received by Tenant relating to the Improvements, but only to the extent of the then unamortized amount of the Improvement Allowance provided by Landlord.  The time periods set forth in this   Section 11.2   shall not be subject to extension by reason of  Force Majeure  (as that term is defined in   Section 29.16   of this Lease). 
  11.3        Waiver of Statutory Provisions  .  The provisions of this Lease, including this   Article 11  , constitute an express agreement between Landlord and Tenant with respect to any and all damage to, or destruction of, all or any part of the Premises, the Building or the Project, and any statute or regulation of the State of California, including, without limitation, Sections 1932(2) and 1933(4) of the California Civil Code, with respect to any rights or obligations concerning damage or destruction in the absence of an express agreement between the parties, and any other statute or regulation, now or hereafter in effect, shall have no application to this Lease or any damage or destruction to all or any part of the Premises, the Building or the Project. 
   
  ARTICLE 12            NONWAIVER 
  No provision of this Lease shall be deemed waived by either party hereto unless expressly waived in a writing signed thereby.  The waiver by either party hereto of any breach of any term, covenant or condition herein contained shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent breach of same or any other term, covenant or condition herein contained.  The subsequent acceptance of Rent hereunder by Landlord or payment of Rent by Tenant shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding breach by Tenant or Landlord of any term, covenant or condition of this Lease, other than the failure of Tenant to pay the particular Rent so accepted, regardless of Landlord's or Tenant's knowledge of such preceding breach at the time of acceptance or payment of such Rent.  No acceptance of a lesser amount than the Rent herein stipulated shall be deemed a waiver of Landlord's right to receive the full amount due, nor shall any endorsement or statement on any check or payment or any letter accompanying such check or payment be deemed an accord and satisfaction, and Landlord may accept such check or payment without prejudice to Landlord's right to recover the full amount due.  No receipt of monies by Landlord from Tenant or payment by Tenant to Landlord after the termination of this Lease shall in any way alter the length of the Lease Term or of Tenant's right of possession hereunder, or after the giving of any notice shall reinstate, continue or extend the Lease Term or affect any notice given Tenant prior to the receipt of such monies, it being agreed that after the service of notice or the commencement of a suit, or after final judgment for possession of the Premises, Landlord may receive and collect any Rent due, and the payment of said Rent shall not waive  

or affect said notice, suit or judgment, but any such paid amounts shall be credited against the sums Tenant would otherwise owe Landlord.  Tenant s payment of any Rent hereunder shall not constitute a waiver by Tenant of any breach or default by Landlord under this Lease nor shall Landlord s payment of monies due Tenant hereunder constitute a waiver by Landlord of any breach or default by Tenant under this Lease. 
   
  ARTICLE 13            CONDEMNATION 
  If the whole or any material part of the Premises, Building or Common Areas required for the use of the Premises shall be taken by power of eminent domain or condemned by any competent authority for any public or quasi-public use or purpose, or if any adjacent property or street shall be so taken or condemned, or reconfigured or vacated by such authority in such manner as to require the material reconstruction or remodeling of any material part of the Premises, Building or Project, or if Landlord shall grant a deed or other instrument in lieu of such taking by eminent domain or condemnation, Landlord shall have the option to terminate this Lease effective as of the date possession is required to be surrendered to the authority.  If any material part of the Premises or Common Areas required for the use of the Premises (e.g., the parking facilities) is taken, or if access to the Premises is substantially impaired, in each case for a period in excess of one hundred eighty (180) days, Tenant shall have the option to terminate this Lease effective as of the date possession is required to be surrendered to the authority.  Tenant shall not because of such taking assert any claim against Landlord or the authority for any compensation because of such taking and Landlord shall be entitled to the entire award or payment in connection therewith, except that Tenant shall have the right to file any separate claim available to Tenant for any taking of Tenant's personal property and fixtures belonging to Tenant and removable by Tenant upon expiration of the Lease Term pursuant to the terms of this Lease, and for moving expenses, so long as such claim is payable separately to Tenant or is otherwise separately identifiable.  Notwithstanding anything in this   Article 13   to the contrary, Tenant shall be entitled to receive fifty percent (50%) of the  bonus value  of the leasehold estate in connection therewith, and Landlord shall be entitled to receive the remaining fifty percent (50%), which bonus value shall be equal to the difference between the Rent payable under this Lease and the sum established by the condemning authority as the award for compensation for the leasehold.  All Rent shall be apportioned as of the date of such termination.  If any part of the Premises shall be taken, and this Lease shall not be so terminated, the Rent shall be proportionately abated.  Tenant hereby waives any and all rights it might otherwise have pursuant to Section 1265.130 of The California Code of Civil Procedure.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this   Article 13  , in the event of a temporary taking of all or any portion of the Premises for a period of one hundred and eighty (180) days or less, then this Lease shall not terminate but the Base Rent and the Additional Rent shall be abated for the period of such taking in proportion to the ratio that the amount of rentable square feet of the Premises taken bears to the total rentable square feet of the Premises.  Landlord shall be entitled to receive the entire award made in connection with any such temporary taking, but nothing herein shall preclude Tenant from seeking a recovery from the condemning authority to the extent Landlord s award is not reduced as a result thereof. 
   
  ARTICLE 14            ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING 
  14.1        Transfers  .  Tenant shall not, without the prior written consent of Landlord, (except as otherwise provided in   Section 14.6   or   Section 14.7   below), which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed (subject  

to the terms of   Section 14.2, below  ), assign, mortgage, pledge, hypothecate, encumber, or permit any lien to attach to, or otherwise transfer, this Lease or any interest hereunder, permit any assignment, or other transfer of this Lease or any interest hereunder by operation of law, sublet the Premises or any part thereof, or enter into any license or concession agreements or otherwise permit the occupancy or use of the Premises or any part thereof by any persons other than Tenant and its employees and contractors (all of the foregoing are hereinafter sometimes referred to collectively as "  Transfers  " and any person to whom any Transfer is made or sought to be made is hereinafter sometimes referred to as a "  Transferee  ").  If Tenant desires Landlord's consent to any Transfer, Tenant shall notify Landlord in writing, which notice (the "  Transfer Notice  ") shall include (i) the proposed effective date of the Transfer, which shall not be less than twenty (20) days nor more than one hundred eighty (180) days after the date of delivery of the Transfer Notice, (ii) a description of the portion of the Premises to be transferred (the "  Subject Space  "), (iii) all of the terms of the proposed Transfer and the consideration therefor, including calculation of the "Transfer Premium", as that term is defined in Section 14.3 below, in connection with such Transfer, the name and address of the proposed Transferee, and an executed copy of all documentation effectuating the proposed Transfer, including all operative documents to evidence such Transfer and all agreements incidental or related to such Transfer, (iv) current financial statements of the proposed Transferee certified by an officer, partner or owner thereof or by a certified public accountant, and any other information reasonably required by Landlord which will enable Landlord to determine the financial responsibility, character, and reputation of the proposed Transferee, nature of such Transferee's business and proposed use of the Subject Space and (v) an executed estoppel certificate from Tenant in the form attached hereto as   Exhibit E  .  Landlord shall approve or disapprove of the proposed Transfer within ten (10) days (the "  Review Period  ") after Landlord s receipt of the applicable Transfer Notice.  In the event that Landlord fails to notify Tenant in writing of such approval or disapproval within such Review Period, Tenant may send a reminder notice.  If Landlord fails to respond within ten (10) additional days after such reminder, Landlord shall be deemed to have approved such Transfer.  Any Transfer made without Landlord's prior written consent or, to the extent applicable, Landlord's deemed consent as aforesaid, shall, at Landlord's option, be null, void and of no effect.  Whether or not Landlord consents to any proposed Transfer (but other than for failure by Landlord to respond), Tenant shall within thirty (30) days after written request by Landlord, reimburse Landlord for all reasonable and actual out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by Landlord in connection with its review of a proposed Transfer, provided that such costs and expenses shall not exceed $3,000.00 for a Transfer in the ordinary course of business. 
  14.2        Landlord's Consent  .  Landlord shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent to any proposed Transfer of the Subject Space to the Transferee on the terms specified in the Transfer Notice.  The parties hereby agree that it shall be reasonable under this Lease and under any applicable law for Landlord to withhold consent to any proposed Transfer only where one or more of the following apply: 
  14.2.1        The Transferee is of a character or reputation or engaged in a business which is not consistent with the quality of the Building or the Project; 
  14.2.2        The Transferee intends to use the Subject Space for purposes which are not permitted under this Lease; 
  14.2.3        The Transferee is either a governmental agency or instrumentality thereof; 
  14.2.4        The Transferee is not a party of reasonable financial worth and/or financial stability in light of the responsibilities to be undertaken in connection with the Transfer on the date consent is requested; 
  14.2.5        Landlord has space available for lease in the Project of a similar size to the Subject Space, and either the proposed Transferee, or any person or entity which directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the proposed Transferee, (i) occupies space in the Project at the time of the request for consent, or (ii) is negotiating or has negotiated with Landlord to lease space in the Project during the prior 3-month period provided that the restriction set forth in this   Section 14.2.5   shall not apply with respect to space first subleased by Tenant up to one full floor; 

14.2.6        Any part of the rent payable under the proposed Transfer shall be based in whole or in part on the income or profits derived from the Subject Space or if any proposed Transfer shall potentially have any adverse effect on the real estate investment trust qualification requirements applicable to Landlord and its affiliates. 
  If Landlord consents to any Transfer pursuant to the terms of this   Section 14.2  , Tenant may within nine (9) months after Landlord's consent, but not later than the expiration of said six (6)-month period, enter into such Transfer of the Premises or portion thereof, upon substantially the same terms and conditions as are set forth in the Transfer Notice furnished by Tenant to Landlord pursuant to   Section 14.1   of this Lease, provided that if there are any material changes in the terms and conditions from those specified in the Transfer Notice such that Landlord would initially have been entitled to refuse its consent to such Transfer under this   Section 14.2  , Tenant shall again submit the Transfer to Landlord for its approval and other action under this   Article 14  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Lease, if Tenant or any proposed Transferee claims that Landlord has unreasonably withheld or delayed its consent under this   Section 14.2   or otherwise has breached or acted unreasonably under this   Article 14  , their sole remedies shall be a declaratory judgment and an injunction for the relief sought together with monetary damages, or a separate action for monetary damages, and Tenant hereby waives any right at law or equity to terminate this Lease.   
  To the extent that the Tenant requests Landlord to consent to a sublease from a tenant of the Project to Tenant, and Landlord is, in Landlord's reasonable determination, in a position to reject such sublease by Tenant, Landlord will not reject such sublease based on the identity of Tenant as the prospective subtenant (including the fact that Tenant is a tenant of the Project or the fact that Tenant is then in negotiation with Landlord or a  Landlord Affiliate  (defined below) for space in the Project) so long as the terms thereof do not in any way require a modification of the terms of the direct lease to which such sublease is to be subject.  As used herein, "  Landlord Affiliate  " shall mean an entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control of Landlord. 
  14.3        Transfer Premium  .  If Landlord consents to a Transfer, as a condition thereto which the parties hereby agree is reasonable, Tenant shall pay to Landlord fifty percent (50%) of any "Transfer Premium," as that term is defined in this   Section 14.3  , actually received by Tenant from such Transferee; provided, however, that Tenant shall not be required to pay to Landlord any Transfer Premium until such time as Tenant has recovered all applicable  Subleasing Costs,  as that term is defined in this   Section 14.3  , it being understood that if in any year the gross revenues, less the deductions set forth and included in Subleasing Costs, are less than any and all costs actually paid in assigning or subletting the affected space (collectively "  Transaction Costs  "), the amount of the excess Transaction Costs shall be carried over to the next year and then deducted from net revenues with the procedure repeated until a Transfer Premium is achieved.  "  Transfer Premium  " shall mean all rent, additional rent or other consideration payable by such Transferee in connection with the Transfer in excess of the Rent and Additional Rent payable by Tenant under this Lease during the term of the Transfer on a per rentable square foot basis if less than all of the Premises is transferred, after deducting the reasonable expenses incurred by Tenant for (i) any changes, alterations and improvements to the Premises in connection with the Transfer, (ii) any free rent reasonably provided to the Transferee, (iii) any brokerage commissions in connection with the Transfer, (iv) any lease takeover incurred by Tenant in connection with the Transfer; (v) out-of-pocket costs of advertising the space subject to the Transfer, (vi) any improvement allowance or other economic concessions paid by Tenant to the Transferee in connection with the Transfer; (vii) reasonable attorneys  fees incurred by Tenant in connection with the Transfer; and (viii) the unamortized amount (with amortization using an interest factor of 8% per year) of the amount expended by Tenant above and beyond the amount of the Tenant Improvement Allowance in connection with the Tenant Improvements located in the Subject Space (which amounts are reflected in the "Final Costs" as defined in the Tenant Work Letter).  "Transfer Premium" shall also include, but not be limited to, key money, bonus money or other cash consideration paid by Transferee to Tenant in connection with such Transfer, and any payment in excess of fair market value for services  

rendered by Tenant to Transferee or for assets, fixtures, inventory, equipment, or furniture transferred by Tenant to Transferee in connection with such Transfer.   
  14.4        Intentionally Omitted  .   
  14.5        Effect of Transfer  .  If Landlord consents to a Transfer, then (i) the terms and conditions of this Lease shall in no way be deemed to have been waived or modified; (ii) such consent shall not be deemed consent to any further Transfer by either Tenant or a Transferee; (iii) Tenant shall deliver to Landlord, promptly after execution, an original executed copy of all documentation pertaining to the Transfer in form and content reasonably acceptable to Landlord; (iv) Tenant shall furnish upon Landlord's request a complete statement, certified by an independent certified public accountant, or Tenant's chief financial officer, setting forth in detail the computation of any Transfer Premium Tenant has derived and shall derive from such Transfer; and (v) no Transfer relating to this Lease or agreement entered into with respect thereto, whether with or without Landlord's consent, shall relieve Tenant or any guarantor of the Lease from any liability under this Lease, including, without limitation, in connection with the Subject Space, and, in the event of a Transfer of Tenant's entire interest in this Lease, the liability of Tenant and such Transferee shall be joint and several.  Landlord or its authorized representatives shall have the right at all reasonable times, on reasonable prior notice, to audit the books, records and papers of Tenant relating to any Transfer, and shall have the right to make copies thereof.  If the Transfer Premium respecting any Transfer shall be found understated, Tenant shall, within thirty (30) days after demand, pay the deficiency, and if understated by more than two percent (2%), Tenant shall pay Landlord's costs of such audit.   
  14.6        Occurrence of Default  .  Any Transfer hereunder shall be subordinate and subject to the provisions of this Lease, and if this Lease shall be terminated during the term of any Transfer, Landlord shall have the right to:  (i) treat such Transfer as cancelled and repossess the Subject Space by any lawful means, or (ii) require that such Transferee attorn to and recognize Landlord as its landlord under any such Transfer.  If Tenant shall be in Default under this Lease, Landlord is hereby irrevocably authorized to direct any Transferee to make all payments under or in connection with the Transfer directly to Landlord (which Landlord shall apply towards Tenant's obligations under this Lease) until such Default is cured.  Such Transferee shall rely on any representation by Landlord that Tenant is in Default hereunder, without any need for confirmation thereof by Tenant.  Upon any assignment, the assignee shall assume in writing all obligations and covenants of Tenant thereafter to be performed or observed under this Lease.  No collection or acceptance of rent by Landlord from any Transferee shall be deemed a waiver of any provision of this Article 14 or the approval of any Transferee or a release of Tenant from any obligation under this Lease, whether theretofore or thereafter accruing.  In no event shall Landlord's enforcement of any provision of this Lease against any Transferee be deemed a waiver of Landlord's right to enforce any term of this Lease against Tenant or any other person. 
  14.7        Non-Transfers  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Lease, an assignment or subletting to, or use or occupancy of, all or a portion of the Premises by, (a) an affiliate of Tenant or Tenant's parent (an entity which directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, is controlled by, controls or is under common control, as such term is defined in California General Corporations Code ("  CGCC  ") Sections 160 and 5045, with, Tenant); (b) an entity which merges with or acquires or is acquired by, Tenant or a parent of Tenant, or a subsidiary, of Tenant s parent or Affiliate, (c) a transferee of all, substantially all, or a significant portion of the assets of Tenant (each, an "  Associated Entity  ") or any other entity which will qualify as an  affiliate  under CGCC 150 and 5031 (a, b and c to be collectively be referred to herein as an "  Affiliate  "), may occur freely without restriction and without any need for any consents or approval by Landlord, shall not be deemed a Transfer under this   Article 14  , and no Transfer Premium shall be payable, and such transaction shall not result in such party being deemed or considered a Transferee hereunder, provided that (i) such assignment or sublease is not a subterfuge by Tenant to avoid its obligations under this Lease, and (ii) such Affiliate (together with Tenant) has a tangible net worth computed in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied (and excluding goodwill, organization costs and other intangible assets) that is sufficient to meet the obligations of Tenant under this Lease and Tenant provides reasonable evidence of the same to Landlord.  For purposes of this   Section 14.7  :  (i) a "parent" of an entity shall mean the owner of fifty percent (50%) or more of the voting power of such entity or an entity otherwise possessing the power, indirectly or directly, to direct the management or policies of such entity; and (ii) a "subsidiary" of an entity shall mean an entity of which at least fifty percent (50%) of its voting  

power is owned directly or indirectly through one or more subsidiaries of the specified entity.  Landlord hereby agrees that, upon request by Tenant, Landlord shall be legally obligated to accept rent in an amount identified by Tenant to Landlord directly from any subtenant that is an Affiliate under this   Section 14.7  , provided that (i) no other obligation whatsoever shall be created between Landlord and such subtenant, either under this Lease or otherwise at law or in equity, (ii) such acceptance of rent shall in no event require Landlord to recognize such subtenant upon a termination of this Lease, and (iii) any failure by such subtenant to timely pay the designated portion of the Rent due under this Lease shall be deemed to be a breach of this Lease by Tenant (and Landlord shall have all of the rights and remedies for a failure of Tenant to pay amounts due hereunder (including, without limitation, the right to provide notice as provided in, and declare a default under,   Article 19   of this Lease)).  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the transfer, assignment, hypothecation or new issuance of stock (or other ownership interests) of Tenant or Tenant s direct or indirect parent entities shall not be deemed to be a Transfer for purposes of this   Article 14  . 
  14.8        Allowed Subleases  .    Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Article 14, Tenant shall have the right without the payment of a Transfer Premium, and without the receipt of Landlord s consent, but on prior Notice to Landlord, to permit the occupancy of up to one (1) full floor of the Premises, to any individual(s) or entities (collectively, "  Tenant s Occupants  ") on and subject to the following conditions: (i) all such individuals or entities shall be of a character and reputation consistent with the quality of the Building and Project; and (ii) such occupancy shall not be a subterfuge by Tenant to avoid its obligations under this Lease or the restrictions on Transfers pursuant to this   Article 14  .  Tenant shall promptly supply Landlord with any documents or information reasonably requested by Landlord regarding any such individuals or entities.  Any occupancy permitted under this   Section 14.8   shall not be deemed a Transfer under this Article 14.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, no such occupancy shall relieve Tenant from any obligations or liability under this Lease. 
  14.9        Sublease Recognition  .  At Tenant s written request, Landlord shall, concurrently with the granting of Landlord s consent to a sublease of all of the Premises in the entire Building (a "  Sublease  "), execute a commercially reasonable recognition agreement (the "  Recognition Agreement  ") in favor of a Transferee who is a subtenant of Tenant (the "  Subtenant  "), which provides that in the event this Lease is terminated, Landlord shall recognize the Subtenant's right to continue to occupy the portion of the Premises (which may be all of the Premises) which is the subject of the Sublease (the "  Sublease Space  ") and not disturb such Subtenant s possession of the Sublease Space due to such termination; provided that (i) such recognition of the Subtenant is, subject to the terms of this Section 14.9, upon all the terms (including, without limitation, the rent) set forth in this Lease, subject to equitable modifications based on the number of rentable square feet contained in the Sublease Space; provided, however, that (a) to the extent the economic terms of the Sublease are more favorable to Landlord than those set forth in this Lease, then the economic terms of the Sublease shall be applicable, and (b) the terms and provisions of Sections 1.3 and 2.2 of this Lease shall in no event be applicable to such Subtenant; (ii) Landlord shall not be liable for any act or omission of Tenant; (iii) Landlord shall not be subject to any offsets or defenses which the Subtenant might have as to Tenant or to any claims for damages against Tenant, nor shall Landlord be obligated to fund to, or for the benefit of, Subtenant, any undisbursed improvement or refurbishment allowance or other allowances or monetary concessions unless same has been granted to Tenant by Landlord and transferred by Tenant to Subtenant; (iv) Landlord shall not be required or obligated to credit the Subtenant with any rent or additional rent paid by the Subtenant to Tenant; (v) except as otherwise specifically set forth in this Section 14.9, Landlord shall not be bound by any terms of the Sublease; (vi) such recognition shall be effective upon, and Landlord shall be responsible for performance of any covenants and obligations in favor of Subtenant accruing after, the termination of this Lease; (vii) as a condition to Landlord s obligation to enter into the Recognition Agreement, Landlord shall have the right to reasonably approve the creditworthiness and financial strength of the Subtenant, which approval shall take into account credit enhancements provided by such Subtenant (which shall be transferred by Tenant, or otherwise provided by Subtenant, to Landlord upon a termination of this Lease, in a manner acceptable to Landlord, in Landlord's reasonable discretion), which reasonable approval shall be based upon the creditworthiness and financial strength then generally required by Landlord and landlords of the Comparable Buildings of a new tenant who is leasing space of a rentable area comparable to the rentable area of the Sublease Space for a term equal to the remaining Lease Term, who is granted concessions comparable to the concessions, if any, granted to the Subtenant, and who is assuming the monetary obligations as set forth in this Section 14.9; (viii) the Recognition Agreement shall provide that, upon a termination of this Lease, the Subtenant shall make full and complete  

attornment to Landlord, as lessor, pursuant to a lease executed by Landlord and the Subtenant, so as to establish direct privity of contract between Landlord and the Subtenant, upon the terms of this Section 14.9; (ix) the Subtenant shall expressly agree to assume all of Tenant's end of term restoration obligations under the Lease with respect to the Subject Space; and (x) the Recognition Agreement shall be subject to the terms and requirements of any subordination and nondisturbance agreement in favor of any deed of trust holder relating to the Building or Project that is not inconsistent with this Section 14.9.  In the event Landlord enters into a Recognition Agreement with any particular Subtenant pursuant to the terms of this Section 14.9, Tenant hereby acknowledges and agrees that, for purposes of calculating the damages due Landlord following Tenant s breach and Landlord s termination of this Lease, with respect to any such Sublease Space, Landlord shall be deemed to have adequately mitigated its damages in accordance with Applicable Law for the portion of the Premises covered by an applicable Recognition Agreement. 
  14.10        Release on Certain Assignments  .  If the Original Tenant makes a Transfer that is an assignment of Tenant's entire interest in this Lease and Tenant provides to Landlord a written notice, certified as correct by the CFO of Tenant, that the Transferee (a) is one of the top 100 companies listed in the "Fortune 500" in the most recent annual list compiled and published by   Fortune   magazine of the top 500 U.S. companies as ranked by their gross revenue (after adjustments as made by   Fortune   magazine), and (b) has a long-term credit rating, as issued by Standard   Poor's, of not less than BBB+, which notice shall additionally include reasonable evidence that the conditions listed in items (a) and (b), above, are correct, then, effective as of the effective date of such Transfer, and provided that Tenant is not then in Default of this Lease, Tenant shall be relieved and released from any obligations under this Lease first arising after the date of such Transfer (but Tenant shall remain liable for any obligations arising prior to the date of such Transfer). 
   
  ARTICLE 15            SURRENDER OF PREMISES; OWNERSHIP AND  REMOVAL OF TRADE FIXTURES 
  15.1        Surrender of Premises  .  No act or thing done by Landlord or any agent or employee of Landlord during the Lease Term shall be deemed to constitute an acceptance by Landlord of a surrender of the Premises unless such intent is specifically acknowledged in writing by Landlord.  The delivery of keys to the Premises to Landlord or any agent or employee of Landlord shall not constitute a surrender of the Premises or effect a termination of this Lease, whether or not the keys are thereafter retained by Landlord, and notwithstanding such delivery Tenant shall be entitled to the return of such keys at any reasonable time upon request until this Lease shall have been properly terminated.  The voluntary or other surrender of this Lease by Tenant, whether accepted by Landlord or not, or a mutual termination hereof, shall not work a merger, and at the option of Landlord shall operate as an assignment to Landlord of all subleases or subtenancies affecting the Premises or terminate any or all such sublessees or subtenancies. 
  15.2        Removal of Tenant Property by Tenant  .  Upon the expiration of the Lease Term, or upon any earlier termination of this Lease, Tenant shall, subject to the provisions of this   Article 15  , quit and surrender possession of the Premises to Landlord in as good order and condition as when Tenant took possession and as thereafter improved by Landlord and/or Tenant, reasonable wear and tear, casualty (subject to the terms of   Article 11   of this Lease) and repairs which are specifically made the responsibility of Landlord hereunder and damage from casualty excepted.  Upon such expiration or termination, Tenant shall, without expense to Landlord, remove or cause to be removed from the Premises all debris and rubbish, and such items of furniture, equipment, business and trade fixtures, free-standing cabinet work, movable partitions and other articles of personal property owned by Tenant or installed or placed by Tenant at its expense in the Premises, and such similar articles of any other persons claiming under Tenant, as Landlord may, in its reasonable discretion, require to be removed (the notification of which may be provided to Tenant either prior to or within ten (10) business days following the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease), and Tenant shall repair at its own expense all damage to the Premises and Building resulting from such removal.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant shall have no obligation to remove any cabling from the Premises or Building.   

ARTICLE 16            HOLDING OVER 
  If Tenant holds over after the expiration of the Lease Term or earlier termination thereof, with or without the express or implied consent of Landlord, such tenancy shall be from month-to-month only, and shall not constitute a renewal hereof or an extension for any further term, and in such case Rent shall be payable at a monthly rate equal to 125% for the first ninety (90) days and 150% thereafter of the Rent applicable during the last rental period of the Lease Term under this Lease.  Such month-to-month tenancy shall be subject to every other applicable term, covenant and agreement contained herein.  Nothing contained in this   Article 16   shall be construed as consent by Landlord to any holding over by Tenant, and Landlord expressly reserves the right to require Tenant to surrender possession of the Premises to Landlord as provided in this Lease upon the expiration or other termination of this Lease.  The provisions of this   Article 16   shall not be deemed to limit or constitute a waiver of any other rights or remedies of Landlord provided herein or at law.  If Tenant fails to surrender the Premises within ninety (90) days following termination or expiration of this Lease (and provided that Landlord has provided Tenant with at least thirty (30) days prior written notice that Landlord has a signed proposal or lease from a succeeding tenant to lease the Premises), in addition to any other liabilities to Landlord accruing therefrom, Tenant shall protect, defend, indemnify and hold Landlord harmless from all loss, costs (including reasonable attorneys' fees) and liability resulting from such failure, including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any claims made by any succeeding tenant founded upon such failure to surrender and any lost profits to Landlord resulting therefrom. 
   
  ARTICLE 17            ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATES 
  Within ten (10) business days following a request in writing by Landlord or Tenant, the recipient (the "  Recipient  ") shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to the requesting party (the "  Requesting Party  ") an estoppel certificate, which, as submitted, shall be substantially in the form of   Exhibit E  , attached hereto (or such other commercially reasonable form as may be required by any prospective mortgagee or purchaser of the Project, or any portion thereof, or any assignee or sublessee), indicating therein any exceptions thereto that may exist at that time, and shall also contain any other information reasonably requested by the Requesting Party or Landlord's mortgagee or prospective mortgagee or Tenant s Transferee, as the case may be (but in no event shall such other information relate to the financial condition of Tenant).  Appropriate modification shall be made to   Exhibit E     when Tenant is the Requesting Party.  Any such certificate may be relied upon by any prospective mortgagee or purchaser of all or any portion of the Project or by assignee or sublessee or purchaser of Tenant's business.  The Recipient shall execute and deliver whatever other instruments may be reasonably required for such purposes, subject to the conditions in this   Article 17  .  The failure of Tenant or Landlord, as the case may be, to timely execute, acknowledge and deliver such estoppel certificate or other instruments, upon an additional five (5) business days' notice from the Requesting Party advising the other party of the consequences of a non-response, shall constitute an acceptance of the premises stated therein and an acknowledgment by the other party that statements included in the estoppel certificate are true and correct, without exception. At any time during the Lease Term, if Tenant s financials are not reasonably publicly available, Landlord may require Tenant to provide Landlord with a current financial statement and financial statements of the two (2) years prior to the current financial statement year.  Such  

statements shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and, if such is the normal practice of Tenant, shall be audited by an independent certified public accountant.  Prior to Tenant's delivery of any such financial statements, Landlord shall execute a confidentiality agreement in commercially reasonable form.   
   
  ARTICLE 18            SUBORDINATION 
  Landlord hereby represents and warrants to Tenant that, as of the date of this Lease, there is no mortgage, trust deed, ground or underlying lease, or similar encumbrance affecting the Building or Project.  This Lease shall be subject and subordinate to all future ground or underlying leases of the Building or Project and to the lien of any mortgage, trust deed or other encumbrances now or hereafter in force against the Building or Project or any part thereof, and to all renewals, extensions, modifications, consolidations and replacements thereof, and to all advances made or hereafter to be made upon the security of such mortgages or trust deeds, unless the holders of such mortgages, trust deeds or other encumbrances, or the lessors under such ground lease or underlying leases, require in writing that this Lease be superior thereto.  Landlord s delivery to Tenant of commercially reasonable non-disturbance agreement(s) (the "  Nondisturbance Agreement  ") in favor of Tenant from any ground lessors, mortgage holders or lien holders of Landlord who come into existence following the date hereof but prior to the expiration of the Lease Term shall be in consideration of, and a condition precedent to, Tenant s agreement to be bound by the terms of this   Article 18  .  Any such Nondisturbance Agreement shall (i) provide that such ground lessor, mortgage holder or lien holder shall not disturb the possession and other rights of Tenant under this Lease and accept Tenant as the tenant of the Premises under the terms and conditions of this Lease, (ii) preserve and not alter the remedies of Tenant for Landlord s failure to perform any ongoing obligation of Landlord under the Lease, (iii) not materially alter any of Tenant s rights under the Lease, and (iv) expressly recognize Tenant's rental offset rights, as and to the extent set forth in this Lease.  Tenant covenants and agrees that in the event any proceedings are brought for the foreclosure of any such mortgage or deed in lieu thereof (or if any ground lease is terminated), to attorn to the lienholder or purchaser or any successors thereto upon any such foreclosure sale or deed in lieu thereof (or to the ground lessor), if so requested to do so by such purchaser or lienholder or ground lessor, and to recognize such purchaser or lienholder or ground lessor as the lessor under this Lease, provided such lienholder or purchaser or ground lessor has executed a Nondisturbance Agreement.  Landlord's interest herein may be assigned as security at any time to any lienholder.  Tenant shall, within ten (10) business days of request by Landlord, execute such further instruments or assurances as Landlord may reasonably deem necessary to evidence or confirm the subordination or superiority of this Lease to any such mortgages, trust deeds, ground leases or underlying leases.  Subject to Tenant s receipt of the Nondisturbance Agreement described herein, Tenant waives the provisions of any current or future statute, rule or law which may give or purport to give Tenant any right or election to terminate or otherwise adversely affect this Lease and the obligations of the Tenant hereunder in the event of any foreclosure proceeding or sale.   
   
  ARTICLE 19            DEFAULTS; REMEDIES 
  19.1        Events of Default  .  The occurrence of any of the following shall constitute a default of this Lease by Tenant (an "  Event of Default  "): 

19.1.1        Any failure by Tenant to pay any Rent or any other charge required to be paid under this Lease, or any part thereof, when due unless such failure is cured within five (5) business days after notice that the same was overdue; or 
  19.1.2        Except as set forth in   Sections 19.1.1   and   19.1.3  , any failure by Tenant to observe or perform any other provision, covenant or condition of this Lease to be observed or performed by Tenant where such failure continues for thirty (30) days after written notice thereof from Landlord to Tenant; provided that if the nature of such default is such that the same cannot reasonably be cured within a thirty (30) day period, Tenant shall not be deemed to be in default if it diligently commences such cure within such period and thereafter diligently proceeds to rectify and cure such default; or 
  19.1.3        The failure by Tenant to observe or perform according to the provisions of Articles 5, 17, 18 or 21 of this Lease where such failure continues for more than seven (7) business days after notice from Landlord. 
  The notice periods provided herein are in addition to, and not in lieu of, any notice periods provided by law and nothing in this Lease shall constitute a waiver by Tenant of its statutory rights of redemption.  No statutory notice may be sent until the cure periods set forth in this   Section 19.1   have expired without a cure being effectuated  . 
  19.2        Remedies Upon Default  .  Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default by Tenant, Landlord shall have, in addition to any other remedies available to Landlord at law or in equity (all of which remedies shall be distinct, separate and cumulative), the option to pursue any one or more of the following remedies, each and all of which shall be cumulative and nonexclusive, without any notice or demand whatsoever, except as required by Applicable Law. 
  19.2.1        Terminate this Lease, in which event Tenant shall immediately surrender the Premises to Landlord, and if Tenant fails to do so, Landlord may, without prejudice to any other remedy which it may have for possession or arrearages in rent, enter upon and take possession of the Premises and expel or remove Tenant and any other person who may be occupying the Premises or any part thereof in compliance with Applicable Laws, without being liable for prosecution or any claim or damages therefor; and Landlord may recover from Tenant the following: 
  (i)        The worth at the time of award of any unpaid rent which has been earned at the time of such termination; plus 
  (ii)        The worth at the time of award of the amount by which the unpaid rent which would have been earned after termination until the time of award exceeds the amount of such rental loss that Tenant proves could have been reasonably avoided; plus 
  (iii)        The worth at the time of award of the amount by which the unpaid rent for the balance of the Lease Term after the time of award exceeds the amount of such rental loss that Tenant proves could have been reasonably avoided; plus 
  (iv)        Any other amount necessary to compensate Landlord for all the detriment proximately caused by Tenant's failure to perform its obligations under this Lease or which in the ordinary course of things would be likely to result therefrom, specifically including but not limited to, brokerage commissions and advertising expenses incurred, expenses of remodeling the Premises or any portion thereof for a new tenant, whether for the same or a different use, and any special concessions made to obtain a new tenant, in each case prorated based on the remainder of the Lease Term; and 
  (v)        At Landlord's election, such other amounts in addition to or in lieu of the foregoing as may be permitted from time to time by applicable law. 

The term "rent" as used in this   Section 19.2   shall be deemed to be and to mean all sums of every nature required to be paid by Tenant pursuant to the terms of this Lease, whether to Landlord or to others.  As used in   Sections 19.2.1(i) and 19.2.1(ii),   above, the "worth at the time of award" shall be computed by allowing interest at the rate set forth in   Article 25   of this Lease, but in no case greater than the maximum amount of such interest permitted by law.  As used in   Section 19.2.1(iii)   above, the "worth at the time of award" shall be computed by discounting such amount at the discount rate of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco at the time of award plus one percent (1%). 
  19.2.2        Landlord shall have the remedy described in California Civil Code Section 1951.4 (lessor may continue lease in effect after lessee's breach and abandonment and recover rent as it becomes due, if lessee has the right to sublet or assign, subject only to reasonable limitations).  Accordingly, if Landlord does not elect to terminate this Lease on account of any default by Tenant, Landlord may, from time to time, without terminating this Lease, enforce all of its rights and remedies under this Lease, including the right to recover all rent as it becomes due. 
  19.2.3        Landlord shall at all times have the rights and remedies (which shall be cumulative with each other and cumulative and in addition to those rights and remedies available under   Sections 19.2.1 and 19.2.2  , above, or any law or other provision of this Lease), without prior demand or notice except as required by applicable law, to seek any declaratory, injunctive or other equitable relief, and specifically enforce this Lease, or restrain or enjoin a violation or breach of any provision hereof. 
  19.3        Subleases of Tenant  .  If Landlord elects to terminate this Lease on account of any default by Tenant, as set forth in this   Article 19  , then Landlord shall have the right, at Landlord's option in its sole discretion, (i) to terminate any and all subleases, licenses, concessions or other consensual arrangements for possession entered into by Tenant and affecting the Premises, in which event Landlord shall have the right to repossess such affected portions of the Premises by any lawful means, or (ii) to succeed to Tenant's interest in any or all such subleases, licenses, concessions or arrangements, in which event Landlord may require any sublessees, licensees or other parties thereunder to attorn to and recognize Landlord as its assignor, sublessor, licensor, concessionaire or transferor thereunder.  In the event of Landlord's election to succeed to Tenant's interest in any such subleases, licenses, concessions or arrangements, Tenant shall, as of the date of notice by Landlord of such election, have no further right to or interest in the rent or other consideration receivable thereunder. 
  19.4        Efforts to Relet  .  No re-entry or repossession, repairs, maintenance, changes, alterations and additions, reletting, appointment of a receiver to protect Landlord's interests hereunder, or any other action or omission by Landlord shall be construed as an election by Landlord to terminate this Lease or Tenant's right to possession, or to accept a surrender of the Premises, nor shall same operate to release Tenant in whole or in part from any of Tenant's obligations hereunder, unless express written notice of such intention is sent by Landlord to Tenant.   
  19.5        Landlord Default  .   
  19.5.1        General  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Lease, Landlord shall not be in default in the performance of any obligation required to be performed by Landlord pursuant to this Lease unless Landlord fails to perform such obligation within thirty (30) days after the receipt of notice from Tenant specifying in detail Landlord's failure to perform; provided, however, if the nature of Landlord's obligation is such that more than thirty (30) days are required for its performance, then Landlord shall not be in default under this Lease if it shall commence such performance within such thirty (30) day period and thereafter diligently pursues the same to completion.  Upon any such default by Landlord under this Lease, Tenant may, except as otherwise specifically provided in this Lease to the contrary, exercise any of its rights provided at law or in equity.   
  19.5.2        Abatement of Rent  .  In the event that Tenant is prevented from using, and does not use, the Premises or any portion thereof, as a result of (i) any repair, maintenance or alteration performed by Landlord, or which Landlord failed to perform, after the Lease Commencement Date applicable to the Premises and required by this Lease,  

which substantially interferes with Tenant s use of or ingress to or egress from the Building or the Parking Structure; (ii) any failure by Landlord to provide services, utilities or ingress to and egress from the Building (including the Parking Structure), or Premises as required by this Lease; (iii) damage and destruction of or eminent domain proceedings in connection with the Building or the Parking Structure, or (iv) the presence of Hazardous Materials not brought on the Premises by Tenant Parties (any such set of circumstances as set forth in items (i) through (iv), above, to be known as an "  Abatement Event  "), then Tenant shall give Landlord Notice of such Abatement Event, and if such Abatement Event continues for three (3) consecutive business days after Landlord s receipt of any such notice, or occurs for ten (10) non-consecutive business days in a twelve (12) month period (provided Landlord is sent a notice pursuant to   Section 29.18   of this Lease of each such Abatement Event) (in either of such events, the "  Eligibility Period  "), then the Base Rent and Tenant s Share of Direct Expenses and Tenant s obligation to pay for parking (to the extent not actually utilized by Tenant) shall be abated or reduced, as the case may be, after expiration of the Eligibility Period for such time that Tenant continues to be so prevented from using, and does not use, the Premises, or a portion thereof, in the proportion that the rentable area of the portion of the Premises that Tenant is prevented from using, and does not use ("  Unusable Area  "), bears to the total rentable area of the Premises; provided, however, in the event that Tenant is prevented from using, and does not use, the Unusable Area for a period of time in excess of the Eligibility Period and the remaining portion of the Premises is not sufficient to allow Tenant to effectively conduct its business therein, and if Tenant does not conduct its business from such remaining portion, then for such time after expiration of the Eligibility Period during which Tenant is so prevented from effectively conducting its business therein (in Tenant s reasonable judgment), the Base Rent and Tenant s Share of Direct Expenses for the entire Premises shall be abated for such time as Tenant continues to be so prevented from using, and does not use, the Premises.  If, however, Tenant reoccupies any portion of the Premises during such period, the Rent allocable to such reoccupied portion, based on the proportion that the rentable area of such reoccupied portion of the Premises bears to the total rentable area of the Premises, shall be payable by Tenant from the date Tenant reoccupies such portion of the Premises.  Such right to abate Base Rent and Tenant s Share of Direct Expenses shall be Tenant s sole and exclusive remedy at law or in equity to abate Rent for an Abatement Event; provided, however, that (a) nothing in this   Section 19.5.2  , shall impair Tenant s rights under   Section 19.5.1,   above, and (b) if Landlord has not cured such Abatement Event within two hundred seventy (270) days after receipt of notice from Tenant, Tenant shall have the right to terminate this Lease during the first five (5) business days of each calendar month following the end of such 270-day period until such time as Landlord has cured the Abatement Event, which right may be exercised only by delivery of notice to Landlord (the "  Abatement Event Termination Notice  ") during such five (5) business-day period, and shall be effective as of a date set forth in the Abatement Event Termination Notice (the "  Abatement Event Termination Date  "), which Abatement Event Termination Date shall not be less than thirty (30) days, and not more than one (1) year, following the delivery of the Abatement Event Termination Notice.  Notwithstanding anything contained in this   Section 19.5.2   to the contrary, Tenant s Abatement Event Termination Notice shall be null and void (but only in connection with the first notice sent by Tenant with respect to each separate Abatement Event) if Landlord cures such Abatement Event within such thirty (30) day period following receipt of the Abatement Event Termination Notice.  If Tenant s right to abatement occurs because of an eminent domain taking, condemnation and/or because of damage or destruction to the Premises and/or the Parking Structure, Tenant s abatement period shall continue until Tenant has been given sufficient time, and sufficient ingress to, and egress from the Premises, to rebuild such portion it is required to rebuild, to install its property, furniture, fixtures, and equipment to the extent the same shall have been removed as a result of such damage or destruction or temporary taking and to move in over a weekend.  To the extent Tenant is entitled to abatement because of an event covered by Articles 11 or 13 of this Lease, then the Eligibility Period shall not be applicable.  If Tenant s right to abatement occurs during any period of Base Rent Abatement, Tenant s period of Base Rent Abatement shall be extended for the number of days that the abatement period overlapped the free Base Rent period ("  Overlap Period  ").  Landlord shall have the right to extend the Lease Expiration Date for a period of time equal to the Overlap Period if Landlord sends a notice to Tenant of such election within ten (10) days following the end of the extended free Base Rent period.  Except as provided in this   Section 19.5.2   or elsewhere in this Lease, nothing contained herein shall be interpreted to mean that Tenant is excused from paying Rent due hereunder.   

ARTICLE 20            COVENANT OF QUIET ENJOYMENT 
  Landlord covenants that so long as no Event of Default exists under this Lease, Tenant shall, during the Lease Term, peaceably and quietly have, hold and enjoy the Premises subject to the terms, conditions, provisions and agreements hereof without interference by any persons lawfully claiming by or through Landlord.  The foregoing covenant is in lieu of any other covenant express or implied. 
   
  ARTICLE 21            LETTER OF CREDIT 
    
  21.1        Letter of Credit  .  The amount set forth in   Section 8   of the Summary is referred to herein as the "  L-C Amount  ". Concurrently with the full execution and delivery of this Lease, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord an unconditional, clean, irrevocable letter of credit (the "  L-C  ") in an amount equal to fifty percent (50%) of the L-C Amount. Not later than January 10, 2017, Tenant shall deliver an amendment to the L-C increasing the amount of the L C to the full L-C Amount. The L C shall be in the form required under this Article 21 and shall be issued by a money-center bank (a bank which accepts deposits, maintains accounts, and whose deposits are insured by the FDIC) reasonably acceptable to Landlord (the "  Bank  "), with a short term Fitch Rating currency rating which is not less than "F2", and a long term Fitch Rating currency rating which is not less than "BBB+" (an "  Approved Bank  "), and which shall either have a local Los Angeles office which will negotiate a letter of credit, or which will allow presentation by facsimile or nationally recognized overnight courier.  Landlord hereby agrees that each of Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., Bank of America, N.A., and Citibank, N.A., is currently deemed to be an Approved Bank.  Tenant acknowledges that Landlord shall have no obligation to pay any "Improvement Allowance" as provided under the Work Letter until such time as Tenant has provided the L-C.  The L-C shall be in a form and content substantially similar to the rom approved by Landlord prior to the execution of this Lease.  Tenant shall pay all expenses, points and/or fees incurred by Tenant in obtaining the L-C.  The L-C shall (i) be  callable  at sight, irrevocable and unconditional, (ii) be maintained in effect, whether through renewal, substitution, replacement or extension, for the period from the Lease Commencement Date and continuing until the date (the "  L-C Expiration Date  ") that is thirty (30) days after the expiration of the Lease Term (as the same may be extended, and subject to the terms of   Section 21.7  , below); provided, however, that if prior to the L-C Expiration Date a voluntary petition is filed by Tenant, or an involuntary petition is filed against Tenant by any of Tenant s creditors, under the Bankruptcy Code, then the L-C Expiration Date shall not occur until either all preference issues relating to payments under this Lease have been resolved in such bankruptcy or reorganization case or such bankruptcy or reorganization case has been dismissed, and Tenant shall deliver a new L-C or certificate of renewal, substitution, replacement or extension to Landlord at least thirty (30) days prior to the expiration of the L-C then held by Landlord, without any action whatsoever on the part of Landlord, (iii) be fully assignable by Landlord at Landlord's expense to its successors and assigns, (iv) permit partial draws and multiple presentations and drawings, and (v) be otherwise subject to the "International Standby Practices" (ISP 98) International Chamber of Commerce (Publication No. 590).  Landlord, or its then managing agent, shall have the right to draw down an amount up to the face amount of the L-C if any of the following shall have occurred or be applicable:  (1) such amount is then due and owing to Landlord under the terms of this Lease, Landlord has provided any notice to Tenant required under the terms of this Lease and any grace or cure period applicable to the payment of such amount has expired under this Lease, or (2) Tenant has filed a voluntary petition under the U. S. Bankruptcy Code or any state bankruptcy code (collectively, "  Bankruptcy Code  ") which has not been dismissed within thirty (30) days, or (3) an involuntary petition has been filed against Tenant under the Bankruptcy Code and has not been dismissed within thirty (30) days, or (4) the Bank has notified Landlord that the L-C will not be renewed or extended through the L-C Expiration Date and Tenant does not replace the L-C within thirty (30) days prior to the L-C Expiration Date.  The L-C will be honored by the Bank regardless of whether Tenant disputes Landlord s right to draw upon the L-C. 

21.2        Maintenance of L-C by Tenant  .  If, as a result of any drawing by Landlord on the L-C, the amount of the L-C shall be less than the L-C Amount, Tenant shall, within thirty (30) days after receipt of Landlord's notice that Landlord has drawn upon the L-C, provide Landlord with additional letter(s) of credit in an amount equal to the deficiency, and any such additional letter(s) of credit shall comply with all of the provisions of this   Article 21  , and if Tenant fails to comply with the foregoing, the same shall constitute an incurable Event of Default by Tenant under   Section 19.1.3  , if not cured within the seven (7) business day period following a notice given pursuant to   Section 19.1.3  .  Tenant further covenants and warrants that it will neither assign nor encumber the L-C or any part thereof and that neither Landlord nor its successors or assigns will be bound by any such assignment, encumbrance, attempted assignment or attempted encumbrance.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if the L-C expires earlier than the LC Expiration Date, Landlord will accept a renewal, replacement or substitution thereof or therefor (such renewal, replacement or substitution letter of credit to be in effect and delivered to Landlord, as applicable, not later than thirty (30) days prior to the expiration of the previously existing L-C), and shall be substantially in the form attached hereto as   Exhibit G   (or otherwise be approved by Landlord, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld) and otherwise comply with the terms of this Article 21.  However, if the L-C is not timely renewed or replaced in accordance with the terms hereof, or if Tenant fails to maintain the L-C in the amount and in accordance with the terms set forth in this   Article 21  , Landlord shall have the right to present the L-C to the Bank in accordance with the terms of this   Article 21  , and the proceeds of the L-C may be applied by Landlord against any unpaid Rent payable by Tenant under this Lease and/or to pay for all losses and damages that Landlord has suffered or is awarded at law.  Any unused proceeds shall, except as expressly set forth below, constitute the property of Landlord and need not be segregated from Landlord s other assets.  Landlord agrees to pay to Tenant on the date that is the earlier to occur of (i) the date that Tenant provides Landlord with a replacement L-C in accordance with the terms of this   Article   21, or (ii) thirty (30) days after the L-C Expiration Date the amount of any proceeds of the L-C received by Landlord and not applied against any Rent payable by Tenant under this Lease that was not paid when due or used to pay for any losses and/or damages suffered by Landlord (or awarded to Landlord at law) as a result of any breach or default by Tenant under this Lease; provided, however, that if prior to the L-C Expiration Date a voluntary petition is filed by Tenant, or an involuntary petition is filed against Tenant by any of Tenant s creditors, under the Bankruptcy Code, then Landlord shall not be obligated to make such payment in the amount of the unused L-C proceeds until either all preference issues relating to payments under this Lease have been resolved in such bankruptcy or reorganization case or such bankruptcy or reorganization case has been dismissed. 
  21.3        Landlord s Right to Draw Upon L-C  .  If a Default, after the expiration of any applicable notice and cure period, shall have occurred and be continuing under any provision of this Lease, Landlord may, but without obligation to do so, and without any additional notice to Tenant, draw upon the L-C, in part or in whole, up to the amount necessary to cure any such Default of Tenant and/or to compensate Landlord for any and all damages of any kind or nature sustained or awarded at law.  Landlord shall likewise have the right to draw upon the entire amount of the L-C in the event Tenant fails to renew the same as required by the terms of   Section 21.1  , above.  The use, application or retention of the L-C, or any portion thereof, by Landlord shall not prevent Landlord from exercising any other right or remedy provided by this Lease or by any applicable law, it being intended that Landlord shall not first be required to proceed against the L-C, and shall not operate as a limitation on any recovery to which Landlord may otherwise be entitled.  Tenant agrees not to interfere in any way with payment to Landlord of the proceeds of the L-C, either prior to or following a  draw  by Landlord of any portion of the L-C, regardless of whether any dispute exists between Tenant and Landlord as to Landlord s right to draw upon the L-C.  No condition or term of this Lease shall be deemed to render the L-C conditional to justify the issuer of the L-C in failing to honor a drawing upon such L-C in a timely manner.  Tenant agrees and acknowledges that (a) the L-C constitutes a separate and independent contract between Landlord and the Bank, (b) Tenant is not a third party beneficiary of such contract, (c) Tenant has no property interest whatsoever in the L-C or the proceeds thereof except to the extent provided in this   Article 21  , and (d) in the event Tenant becomes a debtor under any chapter of the Bankruptcy Code, none of Tenant, any trustee, or Tenant s bankruptcy estate shall have any right to restrict or limit Landlord s claim and/or rights to the L-C and/or the proceeds thereof by application of Section 502(b)(6) of the U. S. Bankruptcy Code or otherwise. 
  21.4        Transfer of L-C by Landlord  .  The L-C shall also provide that Landlord, its successors and assigns, may, at any time and without notice to Tenant and without first obtaining Tenant s consent thereto, transfer (one or more times) all or any portion of its interest in and to the L-C to another party, person or entity, if and only if such transfer is a  

part of the assignment by Landlord of its rights and interests in and to this Lease, in each case subject to the terms and conditions of this Lease.  In the event of a transfer of Landlord s interest in the Building, Landlord shall transfer the L-C to the transferee and thereupon Landlord shall, upon the transferee accepting and assuming Landlord's obligations under this Lease, including this   Article 21  , without any further agreement between the parties, be released by Tenant from all liability therefor, and it is agreed that the provisions of this Lease shall apply to every transfer or assignment of the whole or any portion of said L-C to a new landlord who shall be deemed the Landlord for all purposes under this Lease.  In connection with any such transfer of the L-C by Landlord, Tenant shall execute and submit to the Bank such applications, documents and instruments as may be necessary to effectuate such transfer or change in the beneficiary, and Landlord shall be responsible for paying the first $5,000.00 of the Bank s transfer and processing fees in connection therewith (the "  Transfer Fees  "), and Tenant will be responsible for Transfer Fees in excess of $5,000.00. 
  21.5        L-C Not a Security Deposit  .  Landlord and Tenant acknowledge and agree that in no event or circumstance shall the L-C or any renewal, substitution or replacement thereof or therefore or any proceeds thereof be (i) deemed to be or treated as a  security deposit  within the meaning of California Civil Code Section 1950.7, (ii) subject to the terms of such Section 1950.7, or (iii) intended to serve as a  security deposit  within the meaning of such Section 1950.7.  The parties hereto (A) recite that the L-C is not intended to serve as a security deposit and such Section 1950.7 and any and all other laws, rules and regulations applicable to security deposits in the commercial context ("  Security Deposit Laws  ") shall have no applicability or relevancy thereto and (B) waive any and all rights, duties and obligations either party may now or, in the future, will have relating to or arising from the Security Deposit Laws. 
  21.6        Conditional Reduction of L-C Amount  .  Provided that Tenant meets the "L-C Reduction Condition", as set forth below, t  he amount of the letter of   credit  , which the parties acknowledge shall be in the initial amount of $  11,000,000  , shall be reduced during the Lease Term as follows: 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this   Section 21.6  , t  he amount of the letter of credit   shall only decrease as set forth above if, as of the applicable Reduction Date, (i) Tenant is not in Default under this Lease, and (ii) Tenant demonstrates to the reasonable satisfaction of Landlord that over the twelve (12) month period prior to the applicable reduction date, Tenant has both (a) revenues (as determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP)) of not less than $250,000,000, and (b) net income, excluding stock based compensation, as determined in accordance with GAAP, of not less than $20,000,000.  In the event Tenant does not satisfy both of the foregoing conditions as of a particular Reduction Date (collectively, the "  L-C Reduction Condition  "), the L C shall not be reduced as of such Reduction Date but if Tenant thereafter satisfies the LC Reduction Condition, the L-C shall be decreased upon such satisfaction of the LC Reduction Condition.  Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, in no event shall any decrease in the L C occur pursuant to the terms of this   Section 21.6   in the event this Lease is terminated due to a Default by Tenant.  Not more than thirty (30) days prior to each of the applicable reduction dates, Tenant shall deliver Landlord a Notice (the "  Reduction Request  ") requesting that Landlord provide the bank issuing the L-C a notice confirming  

that the applicable reduction is to occur on the reduction date (the "  Reduction Certification  ").  Within five (5) business days after Landlord's receipt of the Reduction Request, and provided that Tenant meets the L-C Reduction Condition, Landlord shall deliver the Reduction Certification to the bank in the form required by the terms of the L-C. 
  ARTICLE 22            COMPETITOR RESTRICTIONS 
  So long as the Original Tenant is not in default of the Lease after the expiration of any applicable notice and cure period, in no event shall Landlord, following the date of this Lease, enter into a direct lease, or consent to a sublease or assignment over which Landlord has consent rights that would allow Landlord to withhold its consent, for any space in the Project to a "Competitor," as that term is defined below.  In no event shall a party succeeding to any tenant's or subtenant's interest in any lease or sublease as a result of a merger,   acquisition  , consolidation or similar transaction, be deemed to cause a violation of the terms of this   Article 22  .  "  Competitors  " shall mean the following companies, along with wholly owned subsidiaries or affiliates of such companies whose primary business is directly competitive with the business being operated by Tenant in the Premises (i.e., engineered T cell therapy): 
    
  1.  Novartis 
  2.  Juno 
  3.  Ziopharma Oncology 
  4.  Adaptimmune 
  5.  Bellicum 
  6.  Cellectis 
  7.  MustangBio 
  8.  bluebirdbio 
  9.  NantKwest 
  10.  Immunocore 
  11.  Unum 
    
  Tenant shall have the right upon delivery of written notice to Landlord not more than once every five (5) years, to add a new Competitor company, that meets the definition of a competitor as provided above, provided that for each new Competitor added to the list, Tenant will be required to remove two (2) Competitors from the previously existing list. 
   
  ARTICLE 23            SIGNS 
  23.1        In General  .  Tenant, at its sole cost and expense, may install identification signage anywhere in the Premises including in the elevator lobby of the Premises, subject to compliance with all Applicable Laws. 
  23.2        Building Signage  .  Original Tenant or any Approved Assignee shall have the exclusive right to install (i) exterior Building signage, including signage affixed to the Building, (ii) signage and Tenant branding in and around the elevator bank in the Project parking facility leading to the Building underneath Building B, similar to that currently installed for other Project tenants, and (iii) one (1) exterior monument sign to be located in  allocation mutually agreed upon by Landlord and Tenant, to the full extent allowed by Applicable Laws (the "  Tenant Signage  ").  The Tenant Signage shall be subject to all Applicable Laws. The graphics, materials, color, design, lettering, lighting, size, illumination, and  

specifications of the Tenant Signage shall be subject to the prior written approval of Landlord, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, and shall be consistent and compatible with the quality and nature of the Project, and the Project signage and graphics program.  In no event shall Tenant Signage include a name or logo which relates to an entity which (in Landlord s reasonable determination) is of a character or reputation, or is associated with a political faction or orientation, which is inconsistent with the first class quality of the Project, or which would (in Landlord s reasonable determination) reasonably offend a landlord of the Comparable Buildings, or which includes the name of a foreign country (any such name or logo, an "  Objectionable Name  ").  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the name and logo set forth on   Exhibit O     attached hereto is hereby approved by Landlord  .      Tenant shall be responsible for all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the permitting, design, construction, installation, repair,  maintenance, compliance with laws, and removal of the Tenant Signage.  Tenant's signage rights set forth in this   Section 23.2   shall be personal to the Original Tenant or Approved Assignee, as the case may be, and may not be assigned to or utilized by any other assignee or any sublessee or any other person or entity.  Tenant's signage rights set forth in this   Section 23.2   shall terminate at any time during the Lease Term that the Original Tenant or the Approved Assignee, as the case may be, is not the Tenant under this Lease, or has sublet more than fifty percent (50%) of the Premises.  Upon the expiration of the Lease Term or the earlier termination of Tenant's signage rights under this   Section 23.2  , Tenant shall, at Tenant's sole cost and expense, remove the Tenant Signage and repair any and all damage to the Building and Project caused by such removal and restore all affected areas to their original condition. 
  23.3        Prohibited Signage and Other Items  .  Any signs, notices, logos, pictures, names or advertisements which are installed and that have not been separately approved by Landlord may be removed without notice by Landlord at the sole expense of Tenant.  Tenant may not install any signs on the exterior or roof of the Project or the Common Areas.  Any signs, window coverings, or blinds (even if the same are located behind the Landlord-approved window coverings for the Building), or other items visible from the exterior of the Premises or Building, shall be subject to the prior approval of Landlord, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld. 
   
  ARTICLE 24            COMPLIANCE WITH LAW 
  Landlord shall comply with all Applicable Laws relating to the Building Structure, Building Systems, and Common Areas, provided that compliance with such Applicable Laws is not the responsibility of Tenant under this Lease, and provided further that Landlord's failure to comply therewith would prohibit Tenant from obtaining a building permit, obtaining or maintaining a certificate of occupancy for the Premises, or would unreasonably and materially affect the safety of Tenant's employees or create a significant health hazard for Tenant's employees.    Landlord shall be permitted to include in Operating Expenses any costs or expenses incurred by Landlord under this   Article 24   to the extent not prohibited by the terms of   Exhibit G   attached hereto. Tenant shall not do anything or suffer anything to be done in or about the Premises or the Project which will in any way conflict with any law, statute, ordinance or other governmental rule, regulation or requirement including the Project Development Agreement now in force or which may hereafter be enacted or promulgated, including, without limitation, any such governmental regulations related to disabled access (collectively, "  Applicable Laws  ").  At its sole cost and expense, Tenant shall promptly comply with all Applicable Laws (including the making of any alterations to the Premises required by Applicable Laws) which relate to (i) Tenant's use of the Premises, (ii) the Alterations or the Improvements in the Premises, or (iii) the   Building Structure and Building Systems  , but, as to the   Building Structure and Building Systems  , only to the extent such obligations are triggered by Tenant's non-typical general office or non-typical creative office Alterations or Improvements, or use of the Premises for non-general office use.  Should any standard or regulation now or hereafter be imposed on Landlord or Tenant by a state, federal or local governmental body charged with the establishment, regulation and enforcement of occupational, health or safety standards for employers, employees, landlords or tenants,  

then Tenant agrees, at its sole cost and expense, to comply promptly with such standards or regulations as they relate to the Premises.  The judgment of any court of competent jurisdiction or the admission of Tenant in any judicial action, regardless of whether Landlord is a party thereto, that Tenant has violated any of said governmental measures, shall be conclusive of that fact as between Landlord and Tenant. 
   
  ARTICLE 25            LATE CHARGES 
  If any installment of Rent or any other sum due from Tenant shall not be received by Landlord or Landlord's designee within five (5) business days after written notice that said amount was not paid when due, then Tenant shall pay to Landlord a late charge equal to three percent (3%) of the overdue amount.  The late charge shall be deemed Additional Rent and the right to require it shall be in addition to all of Landlord's other rights and remedies hereunder or at law and shall not be construed as liquidated damages or as limiting Landlord's remedies in any manner.  In addition to the late charge described above, any Rent or other amounts owing hereunder which are not paid within thirty (30) days after the date they are due shall bear interest from the date when due until paid at a rate per annum equal to the lesser of (x) the annual "  Bank Prime Loan  " rate cited in the Federal Reserve Statistical Release publication H.15(519), published weekly (or such other comparable index as Landlord and Tenant shall reasonably agree upon if such rate ceases to be published) plus four (4) percentage points, and (y) the highest rate permitted by applicable law. 
   
  ARTICLE 26            LANDLORD'S RIGHT TO CURE DEFAULT; PAYMENTS BY TENANT 
  26.1        Landlord's Cure  .  All covenants and agreements to be kept or performed by Tenant under this Lease shall be performed by Tenant at Tenant's sole cost and expense and without any reduction of Rent, except to the extent, if any, otherwise expressly provided herein.  If Tenant shall fail to perform any obligation under this Lease, which failure will likely cause material harm to persons or property, or subject Landlord to any potential liability, and such failure shall continue in excess of the time allowed under   Section 19.1.2  , above, unless a specific time period is otherwise stated in this Lease, Landlord may, upon an additional three (3) days notice to Tenant, but shall not be obligated to, make any such payment or perform any such act on Tenant's part without waiving its rights based upon any Default of Tenant and without releasing Tenant from any obligations hereunder. 
  26.2        Tenant's Reimbursement  .  Except as may be specifically provided to the contrary in this Lease, Tenant shall pay to Landlord, within thirty (30) days after delivery by Landlord to Tenant of statements therefor, sums equal to expenditures reasonably made and obligations incurred by Landlord in connection with the remedying by Landlord of Tenant's Defaults pursuant to the provisions of   Section 26.1  .  If Tenant does not deliver a detailed written objection to Landlord within thirty (30) days after receipt of an invoice from Landlord, then Tenant shall pay Landlord the amount set forth in such invoice.  If, however, Tenant delivers to Landlord, within thirty (30) days after receipt of Landlord s invoice, a written objection to the payment of such invoice, setting forth with reasonable particularity Tenant s reasons for its claim that such action did not have to be taken by Tenant pursuant to the terms of this Lease or that the charges are excessive (in which case Tenant shall pay the amount it contends would not have been excessive), then Landlord shall not then be entitled to reimbursement; provided that Landlord shall not be deemed to have waived any rights and may proceed to claim a default by Tenant.  Tenant's obligations under this   Section 26.2   shall survive the expiration or sooner termination of the Lease Term. 

ARTICLE 27            ENTRY BY LANDLORD 
  Landlord reserves the right at all reasonable times and upon reasonable prior notice to Tenant (not less than 48 hours except in the case of an "  Emergency  ," as defined below), and subject to Tenant's approval of the particular visitors, contractors and service providers, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed (provided that such prior approval shall not be required in the event of an Emergency if not reasonably practicable), to enter the Premises and Project to (i) inspect them; (ii) show the Premises to prospective purchasers, mortgagees or tenants (provided that with respect to prospective tenants, only during the last twelve (12) months of the Lease Term, and provided that if a prospective tenant is a direct competitor of Tenant, as reasonably determined by Tenant, such prospective tenant shall be accompanied by a representative of Tenant at all times, may not have more than two people present from the prospective tenant's company, and may be excluded from interior areas of the Premises as reasonably determined by Tenant), or to current or prospective mortgagees, ground or underlying lessors or insurers; (iii) post notices of nonresponsibility; or (iv) alter, improve or repair the Premises or the Building, or for structural alterations, repairs or improvements to the Base Building required or permitted hereunder.  All such visitors (including without limitation prospective tenants specified above), contractors and service providers shall be required to execute Tenant s standard confidentiality agreement, provided that in the event of an Emergency such visitors, contractors and service providers shall be required to execute Tenant s standard confidentiality agreement if reasonably possible.  At Tenant's option, Tenant may require that an employee of Tenant accompany any such visitors.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Article 27, Landlord may enter the Premises at any time to (A) take possession due to any Default by Tenant of this Lease in the manner provided herein; and (B) subject to the terms of   Section 26.1  , perform any covenants of Tenant which Tenant fails to perform.  Landlord may make any entries without the abatement of Rent (except to the extent provided in   Section 19.5.2  ) and may take such reasonable steps as required to accomplish the stated purposes; provided, however, that except for Emergencies, Landlord shall use commercially reasonable efforts in connection with any entry not to materially interfere with Tenant s use of the Premises and to perform the same after business hours if reasonably practical.  Provided that Landlord has complied with its obligations under this   Article 27  , Tenant hereby waives any claims for damages or for any injuries or inconvenience to or interference with Tenant's business, lost profits, any loss of occupancy or quiet enjoyment of the Premises.  For use in an Emergency only, Landlord shall at all times have a key with which to unlock all the doors in the Premises.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Lease, Tenant may designate certain areas of the Premises as "  Secured Areas  " should Tenant require such areas for the purpose of securing certain valuable property or confidential information.  In connection with the foregoing, Landlord shall not enter such Secured Areas except in the event of an Emergency.  Landlord shall only maintain or repair such Secured Areas to the extent (i) such repair or maintenance is required in order to maintain and repair the Building Structure and/or the Building Systems; (ii) as required by Applicable Law, or (iii) in response to specific requests by Tenant and in accordance with a schedule reasonably designated by Tenant, subject to Landlord s reasonable approval.  In an Emergency, Landlord shall have the right to use any means that Landlord may deem proper to open the doors in and to the Premises.  Any entry into the Premises by Landlord in the manner hereinbefore described shall not be deemed to be a forcible or unlawful entry into, or a detainer of, the Premises, or an actual or constructive eviction of Tenant from any portion of the Premises.  No provision of this Lease shall be construed as obligating Landlord to perform any repairs, alterations or decorations except as otherwise  

expressly agreed to be performed by Landlord herein.  For purposes of this Lease, an "  Emergency  " shall mean a situation that threatens imminent material harm to persons or property. 
   
  ARTICLE 28            NOTICES 
  All notices, demands, designations, approvals or other communications (collectively, "  Notices  ") given or required to be given by either party to the other hereunder or by law shall be in writing, shall be (A) sent by United States certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested ("  Mail  "), (B) transmitted by telecopy, if such telecopy is promptly followed by a Notice sent by Mail, (C) delivered by a nationally recognized overnight courier, or (D) delivered personally.  Any Notice shall be sent, transmitted, or delivered, as the case may be, to Tenant at the appropriate address set forth in   Section 9   of the Summary, or to such other place as Tenant may from time to time designate in a Notice to Landlord, or to Landlord at the addresses set forth below, or to such other places as Landlord may from time to time designate in a Notice to Tenant.  Any Notice will be deemed given (i) three (3) days after the date it is posted if sent by Mail, (ii) the date the telecopy is transmitted, (iii) the date the overnight courier delivery is made, or (iv) the date personal delivery is made.  Any Notice given by (a) an attorney on behalf of Landlord or by Landlord s managing agent shall be considered as given by Landlord and shall be fully effective (b) an attorney on behalf of Tenant shall be considered as given by Tenant and shall be fully effective.  As of the date of this Lease, any Notices to Landlord must be sent, transmitted, or delivered, as the case may be, to the following addresses: 
  Boston Properties Limited Partnership  Four Embarcadero Center  Lobby Level, Suite One  San Francisco, California  94111  Attention:  Mr. Aaron Fenton 
  and 
  Boston Properties, Inc.  Prudential Center Tower  800 Boylston Street, Suite 1900  Boston, Massachusetts  02199  Attention:  General Counsel 
  and 
  Boston Properties Limited Partnership  Four Embarcadero Center  Lobby Level, Suite One  San Francisco, California  94111  Attention:  Regional Counsel 
  and 
  Allen Matkins Leck Gamble Mallory   Natsis LLP  1901 Avenue of the Stars, Suite 1800   

Los Angeles, California  90067  Attention:  Anton N. Natsis, Esq. 
   
  ARTICLE 29            MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
  29.1        Terms; Captions  .  The words "Landlord" and "Tenant" as used herein shall include the plural as well as the singular.  The necessary grammatical changes required to make the provisions hereof apply either to corporations or partnerships or individuals, men or women, as the case may require, shall in all cases be assumed as though in each case fully expressed.  The captions of Articles and Sections are for convenience only and shall not be deemed to limit, construe, affect or alter the meaning of such Articles and Sections. 
  29.2        Binding Effect  .  Subject to all other provisions of this Lease, each of the covenants, conditions and provisions of this Lease shall extend to and shall, as the case may require, bind or inure to the benefit not only of Landlord and of Tenant, but also of their respective heirs, personal representatives, successors or assigns, provided this clause shall not permit any assignment by Tenant contrary to the provisions of   Article 14   of this Lease. 
  29.3        No Light, Air or View Rights  .  No rights to any view or to light or air over any property, whether belonging to Landlord or any other person, are granted to Tenant by this Lease.  If at any time any windows of the Premises is temporarily darkened or the light or view therefrom is obstructed by reason of any repairs, improvements, maintenance or cleaning in or about the Project, the same shall be without liability to Landlord and without any reduction or diminution of Tenant's obligations under this Lease. 
  29.4        Intentionally Deleted  . 
  29.5        Transfer of Landlord's Interest  .  Tenant acknowledges that Landlord has the right to transfer all or any portion of its interest in the Project or Building and in this Lease, and Tenant agrees that in the event of any such transfer, Landlord shall automatically be released from all liability under this Lease not accrued as of the date of transfer (to the extent that such obligations are assumed by the transferee) and Tenant agrees to look solely to such transferee for the performance of Landlord's obligations hereunder after the date of transfer and such transferee shall be deemed to have fully assumed and be liable for all obligations of this Lease to be performed by Landlord which first arise or accrue after the date of transfer, and subject to the terms of   Article 18   of this Lease, including the return of any Security Deposit, and Tenant shall attorn to such transferee.  Tenant further acknowledges that Landlord may assign its interest in this Lease to a mortgage lender as additional security and agrees that such an assignment shall not release Landlord from its obligations hereunder and that Tenant shall continue to look to Landlord for the performance of its obligations hereunder. 
  29.6        Memorandum of Lease  .  Tenant shall have the right to record, at Tenant's sole cost and expense, a commercially reasonable memorandum of lease in a customary form as reasonably approved by Landlord against each Project, providing notice of the existing term, right of first offer, parking rights, and options to extend.  Landlord shall reasonably cooperate with Tenant, at no cost to Landlord, in connection with the preparation and recordation of such memorandum of lease. 
  29.7        Landlord's Title  .  Landlord's title is and always shall be paramount to the title of Tenant.  Nothing herein contained shall empower Tenant to do any act which can, shall or may encumber the title of Landlord. 
  29.8        Relationship of Parties  .  Nothing contained in this Lease shall be deemed or construed by the parties hereto or by any third party to create the relationship of principal and agent, partnership, joint venturer or any association between Landlord and Tenant. 

29.9        Application of Payments  .  Landlord shall have the right to apply payments received from Tenant pursuant to this Lease, regardless of Tenant's designation of such payments, to satisfy any obligations of Tenant hereunder, in such order and amounts as Landlord, in its sole discretion, may elect. 
  29.10        Time of Essence  .  Time is of the essence with respect to the performance of every provision of this Lease in which time of performance is a factor.  Whenever in the Lease a payment is required to be made by one party to the other, but a specific date for payment is not set forth or a specific number of days within which payment is to be made is not set forth, or the words  immediately,   promptly,  and/or  on demand,  or their equivalent, are used to specify when such payment is due, then such payment shall be due thirty (30) days after the date that the party which is entitled to such payment sends notice to the other party demanding such payment. 
  29.11        Partial Invalidity  .  If any term, provision or condition contained in this Lease shall, to any extent, be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Lease, or the application of such term, provision or condition to persons or circumstances other than those with respect to which it is invalid or unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby, and each and every other term, provision and condition of this Lease shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent possible permitted by law. 
  29.12        No Warranty  .  In executing and delivering this Lease, Tenant has not relied on any representations, including, but not limited to, any representation as to the amount of any item comprising Additional Rent or the amount of the Additional Rent in the aggregate or that Landlord is furnishing the same services to other tenants, at all, on the same level or on the same basis, or any warranty or any statement of Landlord which is not set forth herein or in one or more of the exhibits attached hereto. 
  29.13        Landlord Exculpation  .  Following the payment of the Improvement Allowance, the liability of Landlord or the Landlord Parties to Tenant for any default by Landlord under this Lease or arising in connection herewith or with Landlord's operation, management, leasing, repair, renovation, alteration or any other matter relating to the Project or the Premises shall be limited solely and exclusively to an amount which is equal to the interest of Landlord in the Project, including any rentals, sales, condemnation or insurance proceeds received by Landlord or the Landlord Parties in connection with the Project, Building or Premises.  Other than Landlord, none of the Landlord Parties shall have any personal liability for Landlord's obligations under this Lease, and Tenant hereby expressly waives and releases such personal liability on behalf of itself and all persons claiming by, through or under Tenant.  Other than Tenant, including any assignee of Tenant's obligations under this Lease, none of the Tenant Parties shall have any personal liability for Tenant's obligations under this Lease, and Landlord hereby expressly waives and releases such personal liability on behalf of itself and all persons claiming by, through or under Landlord.  The limitations of liability contained in this   Section 29.13   shall inure to the benefit of Landlord's and the Landlord Parties' present and future partners, beneficiaries, officers, directors, trustees, shareholders, agents and employees, and their respective partners, heirs, successors and assigns.  Under no circumstances shall any present or future partner of Landlord (if Landlord is a partnership), or trustee or beneficiary (if Landlord or any partner of Landlord is a trust), have any liability for the performance of Landlord's obligations under this Lease.  Notwithstanding any contrary provision herein, (i) neither Landlord nor the Landlord Parties shall be liable under any circumstances for injury or damage to, or interference with, Tenant's business, including but not limited to, loss of profits, loss of rents or other revenues, loss of business opportunity, loss of goodwill or loss of use, in each case, however occurring; and (ii) neither Tenant nor the Tenant Parties shall be liable under any circumstances for injury or damage to, or interference with, Landlord's business, including but not limited to, loss of profits, loss of rents or other revenues (except as due and owing pursuant to this Lease, and except as may be owing in connection with a holdover by Tenant as provided in   Article 16  , above), loss of business opportunity, loss of goodwill or loss of use, in each case, however occurring. 
  29.14        Entire Agreement  .  It is understood and acknowledged that there are no oral agreements between the parties hereto affecting this Lease and this Lease constitutes the parties' entire agreement with respect to the leasing of the Premises and supersedes and cancels any and all previous negotiations, arrangements, brochures, agreements and understandings, if any, between the parties hereto   (including, without limitation, any confidentiality agreement, letter of intent, request for proposal, or similar agreement previously entered into between Landlord and Tenant in anticipation of  

this Lease)   or displayed by Landlord to Tenant with respect to the subject matter thereof, and none thereof shall be used to interpret or construe this Lease.  None of the terms, covenants, conditions or provisions of this Lease can be modified, deleted or added to except in writing signed by the parties hereto. 
  29.15        Right to Lease  .  Subject to the terms of   Article 22  , above, Landlord reserves the absolute right to effect such other tenancies in the Project as Landlord in the exercise of its sole business judgment shall determine to best promote the interests of the Building or Project.  Tenant does not rely on the fact, nor does Landlord represent, that any specific tenant or type or number of tenants shall, during the Lease Term, occupy any space in the Building or Project. 
  29.16        Force Majeure  .  Any prevention, delay or stoppage due to strikes, lockouts, labor disputes, acts of God, inability to obtain services, labor, or materials or reasonable substitutes therefor, governmental actions, civil commotions, fire or other casualty, and other causes beyond the reasonable control of the party obligated to perform, except with respect to the obligations imposed with regard to Rent and other charges to be paid by Tenant pursuant to this Lease (collectively, a "  Force Majeure  "), notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Lease, shall excuse the performance of such party for a period equal to any such prevention, delay or stoppage and, therefore, if this Lease specifies a time period for performance of an obligation of either party, that time period shall be extended by the period of any delay in such party's performance caused by a Force Majeure. 
  29.17        Landlord Lien Waiver  .  Landlord agrees that Tenant shall have the right to pledge Tenant's furniture, fixtures, equipment or other personal property owned by Tenant and located in the Premises (the "  Collateral  ") as security for Tenant's credit lines or other financing.  Landlord will agree to waive any lien rights with respect to such Collateral, and to execute commercially reasonable lien waiver agreements evidencing such waiver of Landlord's rights. 
  29.18        Tenant Parking  .  Tenant shall have the right to rent from Landlord, commencing on the Lease Commencement Date, the amount of parking passes set forth in   Section 13   of the Summary, on a monthly basis throughout the Lease Term, which parking passes shall pertain to the Project parking facility (and Tenant shall be required to lease the Must Take Passes).  The reserved parking spaces are in the locations set forth on   Exhibit I   attached hereto.  Tenant shall pay to Landlord for automobile parking passes on a monthly basis the prevailing rate charged from time to time at the location of such parking passes (subject to the limitations set forth below).  In addition, Tenant shall be responsible for the full amount of any taxes imposed by any governmental authority in connection with the renting of such parking passes by Tenant or the use of the parking facility by Tenant.  Tenant shall abide by all reasonable rules and regulations which are prescribed from time to time for the orderly operation and use of the parking facility where the parking passes are located (including any sticker or other identification system established by Landlord and the prohibition of vehicle repair and maintenance activities in the Project's parking facilities), and shall cooperate in seeing that Tenant's employees and visitors also comply with such rules and regulations.  Without limitation of the foregoing, Landlord shall have the right, at Landlord's sole option, to implement a valet or similar type of parking system to service the Project's parking facilities and to require that some or all of Tenant's parking passes be converted to passes for use in such system at no additional cost to Tenant.  Tenant's use of the Project parking facility shall be at Tenant's sole risk and Tenant acknowledges and agrees that Landlord shall have no liability whatsoever for damage to the vehicles of Tenant, its employees and/or visitors, or for other personal injury or property damage or theft relating to or connected with the parking rights granted herein or any of Tenant's, its employees' and/or visitors' use of the parking facilities.  Landlord specifically reserves the right to change the size, configuration, design, layout and all other aspects of the Project parking facility at any time and Tenant acknowledges and agrees that Landlord may, without incurring any liability to Tenant and without any abatement of Rent under this Lease (subject to the terms of   Section 19.5  , above), from time to time, close-off or restrict access to the Project parking facility for purposes of permitting or facilitating any such construction, alteration or improvements, provided that Landlord shall use commercially reasonable efforts to minimize interference with Tenant's parking rights hereunder.  Landlord may delegate its responsibilities hereunder to a parking operator in which case such parking operator shall have all the rights of control attributed hereby to the Landlord.  The parking passes rented by Tenant pursuant to this   Article 28   are provided to Tenant solely for use by Tenant's own personnel and such passes may not be transferred, assigned, subleased or otherwise alienated by Tenant without Landlord's prior approval.  Tenant may validate visitor parking by such method or methods as the Landlord may establish. Landlord shall provide Tenant with visitor validations for daily  

use by Tenant's visitors to the Premises at a thirty percent (30%) discount off of the normal validation rate from time to time generally applicable to visitor parking. The parking rates charged to Tenant during calendar year 2017 shall be equal to $185 per pass per month for unreserved parking, and $315 per pass per month for reserved parking on level P-1. Such parking rates (exclusive of taxes) shall not increase by more than three and one-half percent (3.5%) per year over the Lease Term, on a cumulative and compounding basis. Tenant may increase or decrease the parking passes leased by Tenant hereunder on thirty (30) days prior notice to Landlord, not to exceed the maximum number of passes set forth in   Section 13   of the Summary, provided that (i) Tenant shall always be required to lease the Must Take Passes, and (ii) after the second (2   nd   ) Lease Year, any increase in the number of passes leased by Tenant may require up to sixty (60) days prior notice to Landlord. 
  29.19        Joint and Several  .  If there is more than one Tenant, the obligations imposed upon Tenant under this Lease shall be joint and several. 
  29.20        Authority  .  Each individual executing this Lease on behalf of Tenant hereby represents and warrants that Tenant is a duly formed and existing entity qualified to do business in California and that Tenant has full right and authority to execute and deliver this Lease and that each person signing on behalf of Tenant is authorized to do so.  In such event, Tenant shall, within ten (10) days after written request from Landlord, deliver to Landlord satisfactory evidence of such authority and, if a corporation, upon demand by Landlord, also deliver to Landlord satisfactory evidence of (i) good standing in Tenant's state of incorporation and (ii) qualification to do business in California.  Each individual executing this Lease on behalf of Landlord hereby represents and warrants that Landlord is a duly formed and existing entity qualified to do business in California and that Landlord has full right and authority to execute and deliver this Lease and that each person signing on behalf of Landlord is authorized to do so.  In such event, Landlord shall, within ten (10) days after written request by Tenant, deliver to Tenant satisfactory evidence of such authority and, if a corporation, upon demand by Tenant, also deliver to Tenant satisfactory evidence of (i) good standing in Landlord's state of incorporation and (ii) qualification to do business in California. 
  29.21        Attorneys' Fees  .  In the event that either Landlord or Tenant should bring suit for the possession of the Premises, for the recovery of any sum due under this Lease, or because of the breach of any provision of this Lease or for any other relief against the other, then all costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, incurred by the prevailing party therein shall be paid by the other party, which obligation on the part of the other party shall be deemed to have accrued on the date of the commencement of such action and shall be enforceable whether or not the action is prosecuted to judgment. 
  29.22        Governing Law; WAIVER OF TRIAL BY JURY  .  This Lease shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California.  IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING HEREFROM, LANDLORD AND TENANT HEREBY CONSENT TO (I) THE JURISDICTION OF ANY COMPETENT COURT WITHIN THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA, (II) SERVICE OF PROCESS BY ANY MEANS AUTHORIZED BY CALIFORNIA LAW, AND (III) IN THE INTEREST OF SAVING TIME AND EXPENSE, TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM BROUGHT BY EITHER OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGAINST THE OTHER OR THEIR SUCCESSORS IN RESPECT OF ANY MATTER ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS LEASE, THE RELATIONSHIP OF LANDLORD AND TENANT, TENANT'S USE OR OCCUPANCY OF THE PREMISES, AND/OR ANY CLAIM FOR INJURY OR DAMAGE, OR ANY EMERGENCY OR STATUTORY REMEDY.   
  29.23        Submission of Lease  .  Submission of this instrument for examination or signature by Tenant does not constitute a reservation of, option for or option to lease, and it is not effective as a lease or otherwise until execution and delivery by both Landlord and Tenant. 
  29.24        Brokers  .  Landlord and Tenant hereby warrant to each other that they have had no dealings with any real estate broker or agent in connection with the negotiation of this Lease, excepting only the real estate brokers or agents specified in   Section 11   of the Summary (the "  Brokers  "), and that they know of no other real estate broker or agent who is entitled to a commission in connection with this Lease.  Each party agrees to indemnify and defend the other party  

against and hold the other party harmless from any and all claims, demands, losses, liabilities, lawsuits, judgments, costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorneys' fees) with respect to any leasing commission or equivalent compensation alleged to be owing on account of any dealings with any real estate broker or agent, other than the Brokers, occurring by, through, or under the indemnifying party. Landlord shall pay all fees due the Brokers pursuant to separate written agreements between Landlord and the Brokers. 
  29.25        Independent Covenants  .  This Lease shall be construed as though the covenants herein between Landlord and Tenant are independent and not dependent and Tenant hereby expressly waives the benefit of any statute to the contrary and agrees that if Landlord fails to perform its obligations set forth herein, Tenant shall not be entitled to make any repairs or perform any acts hereunder at Landlord's expense or to any setoff of the Rent or other amounts owing hereunder against Landlord. 
  29.26        Project or Building Name and Signage  .  Landlord shall have the right at any time to change the name of the Project or Building and to install, affix and maintain any and all signs on the exterior and on the interior of the Project or Building as Landlord may, in Landlord's sole discretion, desire.  Tenant shall not use the words "Colorado Center" or the name of the Project or Building or use pictures or illustrations of the Project or Building in advertising or other publicity or for any purpose other than as the address of the business to be conducted by Tenant in the Premises, without the prior written consent of Landlord. 
  29.27        Counterparts  .  This Lease may be executed in counterparts with the same effect as if both parties hereto had executed the same document.  Both counterparts shall be construed together and shall constitute a single lease. 
  29.28        Confidentiality  .  Neither Landlord nor Tenant shall issue any press release or statement with regard to the terms and provisions of this Lease without the consent of the other, nor shall either party disclose to any third party (other than its respective employees, directors and officers, in their capacity as such), any information with respect to the financial terms and/or provisions of this Lease, except:  (a) to the extent necessary to comply with applicable law or a valid court order of a court with competent jurisdiction, in which event the party making such disclosure shall so notify the other party as promptly as is practicable (if possible, prior to making such disclosure) and shall seek confidential treatment of such information; (b) to the extent necessary to comply with the disclosure requirements of the S.E.C., the New York Stock Exchange, or similar entities, or in connection with other S.E.C. filings as customarily made by publicly traded REIT entities; (c) to its parent, subsidiary or other affiliated companies, their banks, auditors and attorneys and similar professionals (collectively, its "  Permitted Recipients  "), provided that the disclosing party shall be liable to the other party in the event that any of its Permitted Recipients disclose any information that the disclosing party would be prohibited from disclosing pursuant to this   Section 29.28  ; (d) in order to enforce its rights pursuant to this Lease; (e) to a bona fide prospective or an actual buyer or financier as well as the Permitted Recipients thereof, provided that any such buyer or financier first executes a written confidentiality agreement pursuant to which they/it agree(s) to be bound by the provisions of this paragraph or a similar undertaking of confidentiality, (f) for disclosure of square footage, length of term and charges or rents on earnings calls at investor meetings as customarily disclosed by publicly traded REIT entities, or (g) to a prospective assignee or subtenant.  The terms of the first public statement made regarding the Lease shall be reasonably and mutually agreed upon by Landlord and Tenant.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, the obligations of confidentiality contained herein, as they relate to a transaction, shall not apply to the "tax structure" or "tax treatment" of a transaction (as these terms are used in Section 1.6011-4(b)(3) (or any successor provision) of the Treasury Regulations (the "  Confidentiality Regulation  ") promulgated under Section 6011 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended), and each party (and any related party of such party) may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the "tax structure" and "tax treatment" of a transaction (as these terms are defined in the Confidentiality Regulation).  In addition, each party hereto acknowledges that it has no proprietary or exclusive rights to any tax matter or tax idea relating to a transaction.  Landlord agrees that Tenant s existing trademarks and other intellectual property (including without limitation Tenant s name/logo, pictures of the Premises, etc) and the goodwill associated therewith are the sole and exclusive property of Tenant and may not be used by Landlord for any purpose, except with the express prior written consent of Tenant. 

29.29        Development of the Project  . 
  29.29.1        Subdivision  .  Landlord reserves the right to further subdivide all or a portion of the Project.  Tenant agrees to execute and deliver, upon demand by Landlord and in the form reasonably requested by Landlord, any additional documents needed to conform this Lease to the circumstances resulting from such subdivision. 
  29.29.2        The Other Improvements  .  If portions of the Project or property adjacent to the Project (collectively, the "  Other Improvements  ") are owned by an entity other than Landlord, Landlord, at its option, may enter into an agreement with the owner or owners of any or all of the Other Improvements (provided that the same is consistent with the terms and conditions set forth in this Lease) to provide (i) for reciprocal rights of access and/or use of the Project and the Other Improvements, (ii) for the common management, operation, maintenance, improvement and/or repair of all or any portion of the Project and the Other Improvements, (iii) for the allocation of a portion of the Direct Expenses to the Other Improvements and the operating expenses and taxes for the Other Improvements to the Project, and (iv) for the use or improvement of the Other Improvements and/or the Project in connection with the improvement, construction, and/or excavation of the Other Improvements and/or the Project.  Nothing contained herein shall be deemed or construed to limit or otherwise affect Landlord's right to convey all or any portion of the Project or any other of Landlord's rights described in this Lease, provided that the same is consistent with the terms and conditions set forth in this Lease. 
  29.29.3        Construction of Project and Other Improvements  .  Tenant acknowledges that portions of the Project and/or the Other Improvements may be under construction following Tenant's occupancy of the Premises, and that such construction may result in levels of noise, dust, odor, obstruction of access, etc. which are in excess of that present in a fully constructed project.  Except as expressly set forth in   Section 19.5.2  , above, Tenant hereby waives any and all rent offsets or claims of constructive eviction which may arise in connection with such construction. Landlord shall use commercially reasonable efforts to minimize any interference with Tenant's use of and access to the Premises in connection with any such construction activities. 
  29.30        Building Renovations  .  It is specifically understood and agreed that Landlord has made no representation or warranty to Tenant and has no obligation and has made no promises to alter, remodel, improve, renovate, repair or decorate the Premises, Building, or any part thereof and that no representations respecting the condition of the Premises or the Building have been made by Landlord to Tenant except as specifically set forth herein or in the Work Letter.  However, Tenant hereby acknowledges that Landlord is currently renovating or may during the Lease Term renovate, improve, alter, or modify (collectively, the "  Renovations  ") the Project, the Building and/or the Premises including without limitation the parking structure, common areas, systems and equipment, roof, and structural portions of the same, which Renovations may include, without limitation, (i) installing sprinklers in the Building common areas and tenant spaces, (ii) modifying the common areas and tenant spaces to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including regulations relating to the physically disabled, seismic conditions, and building safety and security, and (iii) installing new floor covering, lighting, and wall coverings in the Building common areas, and in connection with any Renovations, Landlord may, among other things, erect scaffolding or other necessary structures in the Building, limit or eliminate access to portions of the Project, including portions of the common areas, or perform work in the Building, which work may create noise, dust or leave debris in the Building.  Tenant hereby agrees that such Renovations and Landlord's actions in connection with such Renovations shall in no way constitute a constructive eviction of Tenant nor entitle Tenant to any abatement of Rent, except as provided in   Section 19.5.2  , above, provided that in connection with any such Renovations, Landlord shall use commercially reasonable efforts to minimize interference with the conduct by Tenant of its business from the Building.  Landlord shall have no responsibility or for any reason be liable to Tenant for any direct or indirect injury to or interference with Tenant's business arising from the Renovations. 
  29.31        No Violation  .  Tenant hereby warrants and represents that neither its execution of nor performance under this Lease shall cause Tenant to be in violation of any agreement, instrument, contract, law, rule or regulation by which Tenant is bound, and Tenant shall protect, defend, indemnify and hold Landlord harmless against any claims, demands, losses, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and costs, arising from Tenant's breach of this warranty and representation. 

29.32        Communications and Computer Lines  .  Tenant may install, maintain, replace, remove or use any electrical, communications or computer wires and cables (collectively, the "  Lines  ") at the Project in or serving solely the Premises, provided that (i) Tenant shall obtain Landlord's prior written consent, use an experienced and qualified contractor approved in writing by Landlord, and comply with all of the other provisions of   Articles 7 and 8   of this Lease, (ii) an acceptable number of spare Lines and space for additional Lines shall be maintained for existing and future occupants of the Project, as determined in Landlord's reasonable opinion, (iii) the Lines therefor (including riser cables) shall be appropriately insulated to prevent excessive electromagnetic fields or radiation, and shall be surrounded by a protective conduit reasonably acceptable to Landlord, (iv) any new or existing Lines servicing the Premises shall comply with all applicable governmental laws and regulations, (v) as a condition to permitting the installation of new Lines, Landlord may require that Tenant remove existing Lines located in or serving the Premises and repair any damage in connection with such removal, and (vi) Tenant shall pay all costs in connection therewith.  Landlord reserves the right to require that Tenant remove any Lines located in or serving the Premises which are installed in violation of these provisions, or which are at any time in violation of any laws or represent a dangerous or potentially dangerous condition.   
  29.33        No Discrimination  .  There shall be no discrimination against, or segregation of, any person or persons on account of sex, marital status, race, color, religion, creed, national origin or ancestry in the Transfer of the Premises, or any portion thereof, nor shall the Tenant itself, or any person claiming under or through it, establish or permit any such practice or practices of discrimination or segregation with reference to the selection, location, number, use or occupancy of tenants, lessees, subtenants, sublessees, or vendees of the Premises, or any portion thereof. 
  29.34        Patriot Act and Executive Order 13224  .   
  29.34.1        Representation by Tenant  .  Tenant hereby represents and warrants that:  (i) Tenant is not, nor is it owned or controlled directly or indirectly by, any person, group, entity or nation named on any list issued by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury ("  OFAC  ") pursuant to Executive Order 13224 or any similar list or any law, order, rule or regulation or any Executive Order of the President of the United States as a terrorist,  Specially Designated National and Blocked Person  or other banned or blocked person (any such person, group, entity or nation being hereinafter referred to as a "  Prohibited Person  "); (ii) Tenant is not (nor is it owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by any person, group, entity or nation which is) acting directly or indirectly for or on behalf of any Prohibited Person; and (iii) neither Tenant (nor any person, group, entity or nation which owns or controls Tenant, directly or indirectly) has conducted or will conduct business or has engaged or will engage in any transaction or dealing with any Prohibited Person, including without limitation any assignment of this Lease or any subletting of all or any portion of the Premises or the making or receiving of any contribution of funds, goods or services to or for the benefit of a Prohibited Person.  In connection with the foregoing, it is expressly understood and agreed that (x) any breach by Tenant of the foregoing representations and warranties shall be deemed a default by Tenant under   Section 19.1   of this Lease     and shall be covered by the indemnity provisions of   Section 10.1   above, and (y) the representations and warranties contained in this subsection shall be continuing in nature and shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease.   
  29.34.2        Representation by Landlord  .  Landlord hereby represents and warrants that:  (i) Landlord is not, nor is it owned or controlled directly or indirectly by, any person, group, entity or nation named on any list issued by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury ("  OFAC  ") pursuant to Executive Order 13224 or any similar list or any law, order, rule or regulation or any Executive Order of the President of the United States as a terrorist,  Specially Designated National and Blocked Person  or other banned or blocked person (any such person, group, entity or nation being hereinafter referred to as a "  Prohibited Person  "); (ii) Landlord is not (nor is it owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by any person, group, entity or nation which is) acting directly or indirectly for or on behalf of any Prohibited Person; and (iii) neither Landlord (nor any person, group, entity or nation which owns or controls Landlord, directly or indirectly) has conducted or will conduct business or has engaged or will engage in any transaction or dealing with any Prohibited Person, including without limitation any assignment of this Lease or any subletting of all or any portion of the Premises or the making or receiving of any contribution of funds, goods or services to or for the benefit of a Prohibited Person.  In connection with the foregoing, it is expressly understood and agreed that (x) any breach by Landlord of the foregoing representations and warranties shall be deemed a default by Landlord under   Section 19.5   of  

this Lease     and shall be covered by the indemnity provisions of   Section 10.1   above, and (y) the representations and warranties contained in this subsection shall be continuing in nature and shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease. 
  29.35        Child Care and/or Health Club Facilities  .  Tenant acknowledges that any child care and/or health club facilities located at the Project (the "  Child Care and/or Health Club Facilities  ") which are available to Tenant and Tenant's employees are provided by a third party (the "  Child Care Provider and/or Health Club Operator  ") which is leasing or otherwise managing space at the Project, and not by Landlord.  If Tenant or its employees choose to use the Child Care and/or Health Club Facilities, Tenant acknowledges that Tenant and Tenant's employees are not relying upon any investigation which Landlord may have conducted concerning the Child Care Provider and/or Health Club Operator or any warranties or representation with respect thereto, it being the sole responsibility of Tenant and the individual user of the Child Care and/or Health Club Facilities to conduct any and all investigations of the Child Care and/or Health Club Facilities prior to making use thereof.  Accordingly, Landlord shall have no responsibility with respect to the quality, care or services provided by the Child Care and/or Health Club Facilities, or for any acts or omissions of the Child Care Provider and/or Health Club Operator.  Furthermore, Tenant, for Tenant and for Tenant's employees, hereby agrees that Landlord and the Landlord Parties shall not be liable for, and are hereby released from any responsibility for any loss, cost, damage, expense or liability, either to person or property, arising from the use of the Child Care and/or Health Club Facilities by Tenant or Tenant's employees.   
  29.36        Telecommunications Equipment.    During the Lease Term, subject to the terms of this Lease, Tenant shall have the right to install a     maximum of two (2) antennas and/or satellite dishes on the roof of the Building, with each antenna not to exceed one (1) meter in diameter or height, and to make associated connections through the Building as required in connection therewith (all such equipment, installations and connections, collectively, the "  Telecommunications Equipment  ").  For any work involving the roof of the Building, Tenant shall use Landlord's designated roofing contractor, or such other roofing contractor as selected by Tenant and reasonably approved by Landlord, and shall perform all such work on or to the roof in coordination with the roof membrane manufacturer to avoid any impact on the roof warranty. If Tenant does not use Landlord's designated roofing contractor, Tenant shall be responsible for any violation of the roof warranty and any and all costs resulting therefrom. The use of such areas of the Building for the installation of the Telecommunications Equipment shall be for the sole use of Tenant in connection with its business in the Premises, and shall be without the payment of any additional Base Rent or Direct Expenses with respect thereto. The location and physical appearance and all specifications of the Telecommunications Equipment, including the manner of attachment to the Building, shall be subject to Landlord's reasonable approval. Tenant shall be responsible, at Tenant's sole cost and expense, for (i) obtaining all permits or other governmental approvals required in connection with the Telecommunications Equipment, (ii) installing, repairing and maintaining and causing the Telecommunications Equipment to comply with all Applicable Laws, and (iii) prior to the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease, removal of the Telecommunications Equipment and all associated wiring, and the restoration of all affected areas of the Building to the condition existing prior to the installation thereof, including restoration of any roof penetrations. in the event Tenant elects to exercise its right to install the Telecommunication Equipment, then Tenant shall give Landlord prior notice thereof.  If Tenant's Telecommunications Equipment causes interference with the use of any other equipment at the Building, Tenant shall immediately remedy such interference. Tenant shall move the Telecommunications Equipment as reasonably required by Landlord in connection with any repair, maintenance or replacement of the roof or roof system, at Tenant's sole cost and expense. 
  29.37        Transit Incentive Program  .  Tenant acknowledges and agrees to be bound by any mandatory City of Santa Monica Transit Program requirements. 
  [  Signatures on next page.  ] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Landlord and Tenant have caused this Lease to be executed the day and date first above written. 
  "Landlord"  : 
  CA-COLORADO CENTER, L.L.C.  ,      a Delaware limited liability company  
           By: 
    CA-Colorado Center Limited Partnership,       a Delaware limited partnership 
              Its: 
    Sole Member 
              By: 
    BXP Colorado GP LLC,       a Delaware limited liability company 
              Its: 
    General Partner 
              By: 
    Boston Properties Limited Partnership,       a Delaware limited partnership  
              Its: 
    Sole Member and Manager  
              By: 
    Boston Properties, Inc.,      a Delaware corporation,  
              Its: 
    General Partner 
     By:   /s/ Doug Linde         
           Name: 
    Doug Linde         
              Title: 
    President         
     "Tenant"  : 
  KITE PHARMA, INC.,  a Delaware corporation 
  By:  /s/ Arie Belldegrun     
  Name:   Arie Belldegrun     
  Title:   President and Chief Executive Officer     
  By:   /s/ Paul Jenkinson     
  Name:   Paul Jenkinson     
  Title:   Chief Financial Officer     

PLEASE NOTE:  THIS LEASE MUST BE EXECUTED BY EITHER (I) BOTH (A) THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD, THE PRESIDENT OR ANY VICE PRESIDENT OF TENANT, AND (B) THE SECRETARY, ANY ASSISTANT SECRETARY, THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, OR ANY ASSISTANT TREASURER OF TENANT; OR (II) AN AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY OF TENANT PURSUANT TO A CERTIFIED CORPORATE RESOLUTION, A COPY OF WHICH SHOULD BE DELIVERED WITH THE EXECUTED ORIGINALS. 

EXHIBIT A 
  COLORADO CENTER 
  OUTLINE OF PREMISES 
  2400 BROADWAY, FIRST FLOOR 

2400 BROADWAY, SECOND FLOOR 

2400 BROADWAY, THIRD FLOOR 

2400 BROADWAY, FOURTH FLOOR 

2400 BROADWAY, FIFTH FLOOR 

EXHIBIT A-1 
  PATIO AREAS 

EXHIBIT B 
  COLORADO CENTER 
  TENANT WORK LETTER 
    
  This Tenant Work Letter shall set forth the terms and conditions relating to the construction of the Premises.  This Tenant Work Letter is essentially organized chronologically and addresses the issues of the construction of the Premises, in sequence, as such issues will arise during the actual construction of the Premises.  All references in this Tenant Work Letter to Articles or Sections of "this Lease" shall mean the relevant portions of   Articles 1   through   29   of the Office Lease to which this Tenant Work Letter is attached as   Exhibit B   and of which this Tenant Work Letter forms a part, and all references in this Tenant Work Letter to Sections of "this Tenant Work Letter" shall mean the relevant portion of   Sections 1   through 5 of this Tenant Work Letter. 
  SECTION 1          DELIVERY OF THE PREMISES 
  Tenant acknowledges that Tenant has thoroughly examined the Premises.  Promptly following the full execution and delivery of this Lease by Landlord and Tenant, Landlord shall deliver the Premises to Tenant (other than Suite D 270, and Suite D 225, which areas will be delivered to Tenant as soon as possible following the vacation of the existing tenants thereof). Landlord shall use commercially reasonable efforts to complete construction of the new premises for the existing tenant of Suite D-270 (the    Suite D-270 Tenant   ) and to move the Suite D-270 Tenant out of Suite D-270 as soon as reasonably practicable. If the Suite D-270 Tenant has not vacated Suite D-270 by May 1, 2017, then (i) for each day after May 1, 2017 that the Suite D 270 Tenant does not vacate Suite D-270, Landlord shall provide Tenant with one day of additional abatement of Base Rent in the amount of $5.50 multiplied by the rentable square footage of Suite D-270 to be applied after the Abated Rent is applied under Section 3.2 of the Lease. Landlord shall relocate the existing management office and deliver Suite D-225 to Tenant as soon as possible. If Suite D-225 is not delivered to Tenant within forty-five (45) days after the full execution of this Lease, then for each day after the end of such 45-day period that Suite D-225 has not been delivered to Tenant, Landlord shall provide Tenant with one day of additional abatement of Base Rent in the amount of $5.50 multiplied by the rentable square footage of Suite D-225 to be applied after the Abated Rent is applied under Section 3.2 of the Lease. In addition to the foregoing rent abatement amounts, Landlord shall reimburse Tenant for all reasonable out-of-pocket costs incurred by Tenant in the construction of the Tenant Improvements to the extent resulting from the late delivery of Suite D-270 or Suite D 225, which shall be supported by written documentation from Tenant s contractor. Tenant shall accept the Premises from Landlord in their presently existing, "as-is" condition as of the date of this Lease except to the extent otherwise provided in this Lease, including without limitation the terms of   Sections 1.1.4   through   1.1.6   of the Lease.  Tenant acknowledges that a portion of the Tenant Improvement Allowance has been granted to Tenant in consideration of the current condition of the Premises, and the work that may be required to bring such Premises into the condition required to allow the use and occupancy thereof in compliance with applicable laws.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, as of the delivery of the Premises to Tenant, Landlord shall cause  

the Base Building to contain the items set forth on   Schedule 3   attached to this   Exhibit B   in good working order and structurally sound condition, at Landlord's sole cost and expense (the "  Delivery Condition  "). 
  SECTION 2          IMPROVEMENTS 
  2.1      Tenant Improvement Allowance  .  Tenant shall be entitled to a one-time improvement allowance (the "  Tenant Improvement Allowance  ") in the amount of $100 per RSF of the Premises (i.e., $15,931,000.00 for the 159,310 RSF of the Premises) for the costs relating to the initial design and construction of the improvements, which are permanently affixed to the Premises (the "  Tenant Improvements  "). In addition, Landlord will provide a one-time allowance (the "  Base Building Allowance  ") in the amount of $10 per RSF of the Premises (i.e., $1,593,100 for the 159,310 RSF of the Premises) to be used for modifications and upgrades to the Base Building systems and equipment serving the Building and Premises (the "  Base Building Upgrades  "). In no event shall Landlord be obligated to make disbursements pursuant to this Tenant Work Letter in a total amount which exceeds the Tenant Improvement Allowance and Base Building Allowance. Tenant and Landlord shall mutually agree on the scope of the Base Building Upgrades, which shall be included in the Construction Documents and constructed by Tenant as a part of the Tenant Improvement Allowance. If any portion of the Base Building Allowance remains after Tenant's construction of the Base Building Upgrades, such remaining portion may be used by Tenant for other "Tenant Improvement Allowance Items", as defined below. The Base Building Allowance shall be disbursed for Base Building Upgrades in the same manner as the Tenant Improvement Allowance, in accordance with the terms of   Section 2.2.1  , below. Landlord shall disburse the Tenant Improvement Allowance and Base Building Allowance (other than the Final Retention) prior to any contribution to the cost of Tenant Improvements or Base Building Upgrades by Tenant (if any is required).  Notwithstanding the foregoing or any contrary provision of this Lease, all Tenant Improvements shall be deemed Landlord's property under the terms of this Lease.  Any unused portion of the Tenant Improvement Allowance remaining as of the date that is twelve (12) months after the Lease Commencement Date shall remain with Landlord and Tenant shall have no further right thereto.  In addition to the Tenant Improvement Allowance and Base Building Allowance, Landlord will pay Tenant's "Architect", as defined below, up to $0.15 per RSF of the Premises (i.e., up to $23,896.50) for the preparation of a preliminary space plan for the Premises.   
  2.2      Disbursement of the Tenant Improvement Allowance  . 
  2.2.1      Tenant Improvement Allowance Items  .  Except as otherwise set forth in this Tenant Work Letter, the Tenant Improvement Allowance shall be disbursed by Landlord (each of which disbursements shall be made pursuant to Landlord's reasonable disbursement process, including, without limitation, Landlord's receipt of invoices for all costs and fees described herein) only for the following items and costs (collectively the "  Tenant Improvement Allowance Items  "): 
  2.2.1.1      Payment of the fees of the "Architect" and the "Engineers," as those terms are defined in   Section 3.1   of this Tenant Work Letter, and fees of Tenant's consultants for project management, plan check expeditor, and other engineers and/or consultants for lighting, HVAC, or other systems to be installed in the Premises, and other items relating to the Tenant Improvements, and payment of the fees incurred by; 

2.2.1.2      The payment of plan check, permit and license fees relating to construction of the Tenant Improvements; 
  2.2.1.3      The cost of construction of the Tenant Improvements, inclusive of supplemental HVAC equipment, and including, without limitation, testing and inspection costs, hoisting and trash removal costs, and contractors' fees and general conditions; 
  2.2.1.4      The cost of any changes in the Base Building when such changes are required by the Construction Drawings (including the Base Building Upgrades), such cost to include all direct architectural and/or engineering fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith; 
  2.2.1.5      The cost of any changes to the Construction Drawings or Tenant Improvements required by all applicable building codes (the "  Code  "); 
  2.2.1.6    The cost of Tenant s permanently affixed security installations; 
  2.2.1.7      Sales and use taxes and Title 24 fees; 
  2.2.1.8      Costs of affixed, "built-in" furniture; and 
  2.2.1.8      All other costs which are approved by Tenant in writing and which are to be expended by Landlord in connection with the construction of the Tenant Improvements. 
    
  In no event shall the Tenant Improvement Allowance be disbursed by Landlord for any non-affixed (i.e. "built-in") furniture, fixtures or equipment. The cost of the items set forth in Section 2.2.1.1 and 2.2.1.8, above, shall not exceed an aggregate amount equal to $10.00 per RSF of the Premises. 
  2.2.2      Disbursement of Tenant Improvement Allowance  .  During the construction of the Tenant Improvements, Landlord shall make monthly disbursements of the Tenant Improvement Allowance for Tenant Improvement Allowance Items and shall authorize the release of monies as follows. 
  2.2.2.1        Monthly Disbursements  .  On or before the tenth (10   th   ) day of each calendar month during the construction of the Tenant Improvements, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord:  (i) a request for payment of the "Contractor," as that term is defined in   Section 4.1   of this Tenant Work Letter, approved by Tenant and the "Architect", in an industry standard form, showing the schedule, by trade, of percentage of completion of the Tenant Improvements in the Premises, detailing the portion of the work completed and the portion not completed; (ii) paid invoices from all of "Tenant's Agents," as that term is defined in   Section 4.1.2   of this Tenant Work Letter, for labor rendered and materials delivered to the Premises and evidence that the previous invoices have been paid; (iii) executed conditional and/or unconditional mechanic's lien releases, as applicable, from all of Tenant's Agents which shall comply with the appropriate provisions, as reasonably determined by Landlord, of California Civil Code Sections 8132, 8134, 8136 and 8138 (the "  Releases  "); and (iv) all other information relating to the construction of the Tenant Improvements as is reasonably requested by Landlord.  Thereafter, within thirty (30) days after receipt of such items, Landlord shall deliver a check to Tenant made payable to Tenant (or to Contractor or such other of Tenant's Agents as requested by Tenant) in payment of the lesser of:  (A) the amounts so requested by Tenant, as set forth in this   Section 2.2.2.1  , above, less a ten percent (10%) retention (the aggregate amount of such retentions to be known as the "  Final Retention  "), and (B) the balance of any remaining available portion  

of the Tenant Improvement Allowance (not including the Final Retention).  Landlord's payment of such amounts shall not be deemed Landlord's approval or acceptance of the work furnished or materials supplied as set forth in Tenant's payment request.   
  2.2.2.2        Final Retention  .  Subject to the provisions of this Tenant Work Letter, a check for the Final Retention payable to Tenant (or such of Tenant's Agents as requested by Tenant) shall be delivered by Landlord to Tenant following the completion of construction of the Premises, provided that (i) Tenant delivers to Landlord properly executed Releases, (ii) Landlord has determined that there are no substandard conditions, or material deviations from the Approved Working Drawings , (iii) Architect delivers to Landlord a certificate, in a form reasonably acceptable to Landlord, certifying that the construction of the Tenant Improvements in the Premises has been substantially completed, (iv) Tenant delivers to Landlord the  Record Set  of documents as defined in   Section 4.3   below, and (v) Tenant delivers to Landlord one (1) copy (in both paper form and electronic form) of the close close-out package containing the applicable items outlined in   Schedule 2   attached hereto. 
  2.2.2.3        Other Terms  .  Landlord shall only be obligated to make disbursements from the Tenant Improvement Allowance to the extent costs are incurred by Tenant for Tenant Improvement Allowance Items.  All Tenant Improvement Allowance Items for which the Tenant Improvement Allowance has been made available shall be deemed Landlord's property under the terms of this Lease. 
  2.3      Offset Rights  .  To the extent that Landlord fails to pay from the Tenant Improvement Allowance amounts due to Contractor, Architects, Engineers and Tenant's Agents in accordance with the terms hereof, and such amounts remain unpaid for thirty (30) days after notice from Tenant, then without limiting Tenant's other remedies under the Lease, Tenant may, after Landlord's failure to pay such amounts within five (5) business days after Tenant's delivery of a second notice from Tenant delivered after the expiration of such 30-day period, pay same and deduct the amount thereof from the Rent next due and owning under the Lease, including interest at the Interest Rate from the due date until the date of the Rent offset.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if during either the 30-day or 5-day period set forth above, Landlord (i) delivers notice to Tenant that it reasonably and in good faith disputes any portion of the amounts claimed to be due (the "  Allowance Dispute Notice  "), and (ii) pays any amounts not in dispute, Tenant shall have no right to offset any amounts against rent, but may institute legal action to recover such amounts from Landlord.  Notwithstanding of the foregoing, in the event Tenant institutes legal action as provided herein and is adjudged the prevailing party in such action, Landlord shall pay the amount of such award, including interest at the Interest Rate, and if Landlord fails to pay, Tenant shall be entitled, automatically, to offset the amount of such award against the Base Rent next coming due under the Lease, including interest at the Interest Rate from the due date until the date of the Rent offset.  Further, in the event Tenant is adjudged the prevailing party, any delay actually caused to Tenant as a result of Landlord's failure to pay the disputed amount shall be deemed to be a "Landlord Caused Delay" under   Section 5   of this Tenant Work Letter. 
  SECTION 3          CONSTRUCTION DRAWINGS 
  3.1      Selection of Architect/Construction Drawings  .  Tenant shall retain an architect/space planner reasonably approved in advance by Landlord (the "  Architect  ") to prepare the "Construction Documents," as that term is defined in this   Section 3.1  .  Rios Clemente Hale Studios, Gensler, Ewing Cole and M+M  

Creative Studio are hereby approved as Architect if one of these firms is selected by Tenant.  Tenant shall retain engineering consultants reasonably approved by Landlord (the "  Engineers  ") to prepare all engineering construction documents and specifications relating to the structural, mechanical, electrical, plumbing, HVAC, lifesafety, and sprinkler work in the Premises, which work is not part of the Base Building.  Landlord hereby agrees that the Engineers or other consultants listed on   Schedule 1   attached hereto are approved if selected by Tenant.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant shall be required to use TRL Systems Inc. for fire life safety plans (provided that such vendor shall provide its services at commercially reasonable rates).  The plans and drawings to be prepared by Architect and the Engineers hereunder shall be known collectively as the "  Construction Documents  ."  All Construction Documents shall comply with reasonable industry standard drawing formats and specifications, and shall be subject to Landlord's reasonable approval (as set forth below), which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.  Landlord's review of the Construction Documents as set forth in this   Section 3  , shall be for its sole purpose and shall not imply Landlord's review of the same, or obligate Landlord to review the same, for quality, design, Code compliance or other like matters.  Accordingly, notwithstanding that any Construction Documents are reviewed by Landlord or its space planner, architect, engineers and consultants, and notwithstanding any advice or assistance which may be rendered to Tenant by Landlord or Landlord's space planner, architect, engineers, and consultants, Landlord shall have no liability whatsoever in connection therewith and shall not be responsible for any omissions or errors contained in the Construction Documents except as expressly set forth herein.   
  3.2      Final Space Plan  .  Tenant shall supply Landlord with four (4) hard copies signed by Tenant of its final space plan, along with other renderings or illustrations reasonably required by Landlord, to allow Landlord to understand Tenant's design intent, for the Premises before any architectural working drawings or engineering drawings have been commenced, and concurrently with Tenant's delivery of such hard copies, Tenant shall send to Landlord via electronic mail one (1) .pdf electronic copy of such final space plan.  The final space plan (the "  Final Space Plan  ") shall include a layout and designation of all offices, rooms and other partitioning, their intended use, and equipment to be contained therein.  Landlord shall not withhold its consent to the Final Space Plan except in the case of a Design Problem.  Landlord may request clarification or more specific drawings for special use items not included in the Final Space Plan.  Landlord shall advise Tenant within five (5) business days after Landlord's receipt of the Final Space Plan for the Premises if the same is incomplete in any material respect or if a Design Problem exists, provided that Landlord's approval thereof shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.  If Tenant is so advised, Tenant shall promptly cause the Final Space Plan to be revised to be complete and to eliminate any Design Problem. If Landlord fails to respond to the Final Space Plan within the five (5) business day period set forth above, Tenant may send Landlord a notice setting forth such failure and warning that a continuing failure to respond may result in a "deemed approval" (the "Reminder Notice"). If Landlord fails to respond to the Final Space Plan within two (2) business days after receipt of the Reminder Notice, such portion of the Final Space Plan shall be deemed approved by Landlord. 
  3.3      Final Working Drawings  .  Tenant shall supply the Engineers with a complete listing (to the best of Tenant's knowledge at the time) of standard and non-standard equipment and specifications, as may be requested by the Engineers, including, without limitation, B.T.U. calculations, electrical requirements and special electrical receptacle requirements for the Premises, to enable the Engineers and the Architect to complete the "Final Construction Documents" (as that term is defined below) in the manner as set forth below.  Tenant shall promptly cause the Architect and the Engineers to complete the architectural and  

engineering documents for the Premises, and Architect shall compile a fully coordinated set of architectural, structural, mechanical, electrical and plumbing working drawings in a form which is complete to allow subcontractors to bid on the work and to obtain all applicable permits (collectively, the "  Final Construction Documents  "), and shall submit the same to Landlord for Landlord's approval, which shall not be withheld except in the case of a Design Problem and which approval shall also contain Landlord's designation of Required Removables as provided for in   Section 8.6   of the Lease (and subject to the last sentence of   Section 8.6   of the Lease).  Tenant shall supply Landlord with four (4) copies signed by Tenant of such Final Construction Documents.  Landlord shall advise Tenant within ten (10) business days after Landlord's receipt of the Final Construction Documents for the Premises if the same is incomplete in any material respect or if a Design Problem exists.  If Tenant is so advised, Tenant shall immediately revise the Final Construction Documents to cause them to be complete and to eliminate any Design Problem.  If Landlord fails to respond to the Final Construction Documents within the ten (10) business day period set forth above, Tenant may send Landlord a notice setting forth such failure and warning that a continuing failure to respond may result in a "deemed approval" (the "  Reminder Notice  ").  If Landlord fails to respond to the Final Construction Documents within five (5) business days after receipt of the Reminder Notice, such portion of the Final Construction Documents shall be deemed approved by Landlord. 
  3.4      Approved Working Drawings  .  The Final Working Drawings shall be approved by Landlord (the "  Approved Working Drawings  ") prior to the commencement of construction of the Premises by Tenant.  Tenant shall be entitled to submit the Final Construction Drawings to Landlord separately for each suite of the Premises.  After approval by Landlord of the Final Working Drawings, Tenant may submit the same to the appropriate municipal authorities for all applicable building permits, provided that Tenant shall have the right to submit to the City of Santa Monica a  coordinated set of drawings, complete to the extent required to commence the plan check, the first phase in the permitting process (the "  Permit Set  "), prior to approval of the Final Construction Documents by Landlord (and Tenant acknowledges that Landlord shall not be responsible for any delays or costs incurred by Tenant in the event that Landlord requires revisions to the Final Working Drawings after the date of such submission of plans to the City of Santa Monica by Tenant). Tenant shall keep Landlord reasonably informed with respect to the timing and schedule of Tenant's permit submittals and responses from the City of Santa Monica, and will promptly respond to any requests for information by Landlord with respect thereto. Tenant hereby agrees that neither Landlord nor Landlord's consultants shall be responsible for obtaining any building permit or certificate of occupancy for the Premises and that obtaining the same shall be Tenant's responsibility; provided, however, that Landlord shall cooperate with Tenant in executing permit applications and performing other ministerial acts reasonably necessary to enable Tenant to obtain any such permit or certificate of occupancy.  No material changes, modifications or alterations in the Approved Working Drawings may be made without the prior written consent of Landlord, which consent may not be withheld unless a Design Problem exists. 
  3.5      Electronic Approvals  .  Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in the Lease or this Tenant Work Letter, Landlord may, in Landlord's sole and absolute discretion, transmit or otherwise deliver any of the approvals required under this Tenant Work Letter via electronic mail to Tenant's representative identified in   Section 5.1   of this Tenant Work Letter, or by any of the other means identified in   Section 29.18   of this Lease. 
  SECTION 4          CONSTRUCTION OF THE IMPROVEMENTS 

4.1      Tenant's Selection of Contractors  . 
  4.1.1      The Contractor  .  A general contractor shall be retained by Tenant to construct the Tenant Improvements.  Such general contractor ("  Contractor  ") shall be selected by Tenant and reasonably approved by Landlord.  Landlord hereby agrees that the contractors, subcontractors or other consultants listed on   Schedule 1   attached hereto are approved if selected by Tenant. 
  4.1.2      Tenant's Agents  .  All subcontractors, laborers, materialmen, and suppliers used by Tenant (such subcontractors, laborers, materialmen, and suppliers, and the Contractor to be known collectively as "  Tenant's Agents  ") must be approved in writing by Landlord, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, and Landlord shall respond to any approval request within five (5) business days, provided that the entities listed on   Schedule 1   attached hereto are approved if selected by Tenant.  If Landlord does not approve any of Tenant's proposed subcontractors, laborers, materialmen or suppliers, Tenant shall submit other proposed subcontractors, laborers, materialmen or suppliers for Landlord's written approval. 
  4.2      Construction of Tenant Improvements by Tenant's Agents  . 
  4.2.1      Construction Contract; Cost Budget  .  Tenant shall engage the applicable Contractor under a commercially reasonable construction contract (the "  Contract  "), provided that such Contract has insurance and indemnification provisions in a form reasonably acceptable to Landlord.  Tenant shall submit a copy of the Contract to Landlord for Landlord's records.  Prior to the commencement of the construction of the Tenant Improvements, and after Tenant has accepted all bids for the Tenant Improvements, Tenant shall provide Landlord with a detailed breakdown, by trade, of the final costs to be incurred or which have been incurred, as set forth more particularly in   Sections 2.2.1.1   through   2.2.1.10  , above, in connection with the design and construction of the Tenant Improvements to be performed by or at the direction of Tenant or the Contractor, which costs form a basis for the amount of the Contract (the "  Final Costs  ").  In the event that the costs relating to the design and construction of the Tenant Improvements shall be in excess of the estimated amount as set forth in the Final Costs, any such excess shall be paid by Tenant out of its own funds (and prior to Landlord's release of the Final Retention), but Tenant shall continue to provide Landlord with the documents described in   Sections 2.2.2.1 (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv)   of this Tenant Work Letter, above, for Landlord's records.  Tenant shall provide Landlord with updated construction schedules and budgets on a regular basis during the course of construction of the Tenant Improvements, and in any event within fifteen (15) days after request by Landlord. 
  4.2.2      Tenant's Agents  . 
  4.2.2.1        Landlord's General Conditions for Tenant's Agents and Tenant Improvement Work  .  Tenant's and Tenant's Agent's construction of the Tenant Improvements shall comply with the following:  (i) the Tenant Improvements shall be constructed in material accordance with the Approved Construction Documents, as modified by approved change orders; and (ii) Tenant's Agents shall submit schedules of all work relating to the Tenant Improvements to Contractor and Contractor shall inform Tenant's Agents of any changes which are necessary thereto, and Tenant's Agents shall adhere to such corrected schedule.  Tenant shall not be required to pay any fees or supervision charges to Landlord or any of its agents in connection with the design and construction of the Tenant Improvements, but if Tenant engages mechanical, electrical and plumbing (MEP) engineers other than ARC Engineering, or structural  

engineers other than Lord, Ficks, Zayed   Associates, then Tenant acknowledges that Landlord shall have the right to send the MEP and/or structural engineering plans for peer review, and Tenant shall reimburse Landlord any reasonable and actual out-of-pocket expenses paid by Landlord in connection with such peer review of Tenant's Construction Drawings, not to exceed $25,000.00 total.  
  4.2.2.2        Indemnity  .  The indemnities of each of the parties that are set forth in   Section   10 of the Lease shall apply to the activities of the parties under this Tenant Work Letter. 
  4.2.2.3        Requirements of Tenant's Agents  .  The Contractor and subcontractors working on the construction of the Tenant Improvements shall guarantee to Tenant and for the benefit of Landlord that the portion of the Tenant Improvements for which it is responsible shall be free from any defects in workmanship and materials for a period of not less than one (1) year from the date of completion thereof.  Contractor and such subcontractors shall be responsible for the replacement or repair, without additional charge, of all work done or furnished in accordance with its contract that shall become defective within one (1) year after the later to occur of (i) completion of the work performed by such contractor or subcontractors and (ii)  the Lease Commencement Date.  The correction of such work shall include, without additional charge, all additional expenses and damages incurred in connection with such removal or replacement of all or any part of the Tenant Improvements, and/or the Building and/or common areas that may be damaged or disturbed thereby.  All such warranties or guarantees as to materials or workmanship of or with respect to the Tenant Improvements shall be contained in the Contract or subcontract and shall be written such that such guarantees or warranties, and any other guarantees or warranties that Tenant procures in connection with the construction of the Tenant Improvements and installations of equipment in the Premises, shall inure to the benefit of both Landlord and Tenant, as their respective interests may appear, and can be directly enforced by either.  Tenant covenants to give to Landlord any assignment or other assurances which may be necessary to effect such right of direct enforcement. 
  4.2.2.4        Insurance Requirements  . 
  4.2.2.4.1    General Coverages  .  The Contractor shall carry worker's compensation insurance covering all of their respective employees, and shall also carry public liability insurance, including property damage, all with limits, in form and with companies as are required to be carried by Tenant as set forth in this Lease.  Other Tenant s Agents shall carry reasonable amounts of insurance as reasonably approved by Landlord. 
  4.2.2.4.2    Special Coverages  .  Tenant shall carry "Builder's All Risk" insurance in an amount reasonably approved by Landlord covering the construction of the Tenant Improvements, it being understood and agreed that the Tenant Improvements shall be insured by Tenant pursuant to this Lease immediately upon completion thereof.  Such insurance shall be in amounts and shall include such extended coverage endorsements as may be reasonably required by Landlord including, but not limited to, the requirement that all of Tenant's Agents shall carry excess liability and Products and Completed Operation Coverage insurance, each in amounts not less than $500,000 per incident, $1,000,000 in aggregate, and in form and with companies as are required to be carried by Tenant as set forth in this Lease.  In no event shall Tenant be required to carry earthquake coverage as part of its Builder s All Risk policy.  At Tenant's option, Tenant may inquire of Landlord as to the cost to have Landlord purchase the required Builder's All Risk policy on Tenant's behalf, and, if desired by Tenant, may elect to have Landlord purchase such policy at Tenant's sole cost and expense. 

4.2.2.4.3    General Terms  .  Certificates for all insurance carried pursuant to this   Section 4.2.2.4   shall be delivered to Landlord before the commencement of construction of the Tenant Improvements and before the Contractor's equipment is moved onto the site.  All such policies of insurance must contain a provision that the company writing said policy will give Landlord thirty (30) days prior written notice of any cancellation or lapse of the effective date or any reduction in the amounts of such insurance.  In the event that the Tenant Improvements are damaged by any cause during the course of the construction thereof, and the Lease is not terminated as a result thereof, Tenant shall immediately repair the same at Tenant's sole cost and expense.  Tenant's Agents shall maintain all of the foregoing insurance coverage in force until the Tenant Improvements are fully completed.  All policies carried under this   Section 4.2.2.4   shall insure Landlord and Tenant, as their interests may appear, as well as Contractor and Tenant's Agents.  All insurance, except Workers' Compensation, maintained by Tenant's Agents shall preclude subrogation claims by the insurer against anyone insured thereunder.  Such insurance shall provide that it is primary insurance with respect to the Tenant Improvements as respects the owner and that any other insurance maintained by owner is excess and noncontributing with the insurance required hereunder.  The requirements for the foregoing insurance shall not derogate from the provisions for indemnification of Landlord by Tenant under   Section 4.2.2.2   of this Tenant Work Letter.   
  4.2.3      Governmental Compliance  .  The Tenant Improvements shall comply in all respects with the following:  (i) the Code and other state, federal, city or quasi-governmental laws, codes, ordinances and regulations, as each may apply according to the rulings of the controlling public official, agent or other person; and (ii) building material manufacturer's specifications. 
  4.2.4      Inspection by Landlord  .  Landlord shall have the right to inspect the Tenant Improvements at all times during the course of construction of the Tenant Improvements, provided however, that Landlord's failure to inspect the Tenant Improvements shall in no event constitute a waiver of any of Landlord's rights hereunder nor shall Landlord's inspection of the Tenant Improvements constitute Landlord's approval of the same.  Should Landlord disapprove any portion of the Tenant Improvements because a Design Problem exists, Landlord shall notify Tenant in writing of such disapproval and shall specify the items disapproved.  Any defects or deviations in, and/or disapproval by Landlord of, the Tenant Improvements shall be rectified by Tenant at no expense to Landlord. 
  4.2.5      Meetings  .  Prior to commencement of construction of the Tenant Improvements, Tenant shall hold meetings every week at a reasonable time, with the Architect and the Contractor regarding the progress of the construction of the Tenant Improvements.  Landlord and/or its agents shall receive prior notice of, and shall have the right to attend, all such meetings.  In addition, minutes shall be taken at all such meetings, a copy of which minutes shall be promptly delivered to Landlord.  One such meeting each month shall include the review of Contractor's current request for payment. 
  4.3      Notice of Completion; Copy of Record Set of Plans  .  Within sixty (60) days after completion of construction of the Tenant Improvements, Tenant shall cause a Notice of Completion to be recorded in the office of the Recorder of the county in which the Building is located in accordance with Section 3093 of the Civil Code of the State of California or any successor statute, and shall furnish a copy thereof to Landlord promptly following such recordation.  If Tenant fails to do so, Landlord may execute and file the same on behalf of Tenant as Tenant's agent for such purpose, at Tenant's sole cost and expense.  At the conclusion of construction, (i) Tenant shall cause the Architect and Contractor, or other applicable Tenant's  

Agents, to prepare and submit the  Record Set  of Documents as specified on   Schedule 2   attached hereto, that will consist of  2 sets of architectural and engineered documents including all revisions (which documents shall also be submitted on a CADD disk formatted per the building standards), (ii) Tenant shall deliver to Landlord the original permit set of drawings and signed-off permit card, (iii) Tenant shall deliver to Landlord all warranties and maintenance manuals, (iv) Tenant shall deliver to Landlord air balance reports, (v) Tenant shall deliver to Landlord all unconditional lien releases from general contractor, subcontractors and suppliers. The  Record Set  of documents shall be submitted to the Landlord sixty days following Tenant s occupancy. If the  Record Set  of documents is not received within the timeframe noted, Landlord may, at Tenant s sole cost and expense, engage the Architect and Contractor to produce the  Record Set  of documents as listed in this Section 4.3. 
  SECTION 5          LEASE COMMENCEMENT DATE DELAYS 
  5.1      Lease Commencement Date Delays  .  The Lease Commencement Date shall occur as provided in   Section 2.1   of this Lease and   Section 3.2   of the Summary, provided that the Outside Lease Commencement Date shall be extended by the number of days of actual delay of the Substantial Completion of the Tenant Improvements in the Premises to the extent caused by a "Commencement Date Delay," as that term is defined, below, but only to the extent such Commencement Date Delay causes the Substantial Completion of the Tenant Improvements to occur after August 1, 2017.  As used herein, the term "  Commencement Date Delay  " shall mean only a "Force Majeure Delay", "Landlord Caused Delay," or "Permit Delay", as those terms are defined below in this   Section 5.1   of this Tenant Work Letter.   
  5.1.1      Force Majeure Delay  . As used herein, the term "  Force Majeure Delay  " shall mean only an actual delay resulting from a "Force Majeure" as defined in   Section 29.16   of the Lease, not including any "Permit Delay" (as defined in   Section 5.1.3   below).   
  5.1.2      Landlord Caused Delay  . As used in this Tenant Work Letter, "  Landlord Caused Delay  " shall mean actual delays to the extent resulting from the acts or omissions of Landlord including, but not limited to (i) failure of Landlord to timely approve or disapprove any Construction Drawings in the time periods specified above; (ii) material and unreasonable interference by Landlord, its agents or Landlord Parties (except as otherwise allowed under this Tenant Work Letter) with the Substantial Completion of the Tenant Improvements and which objectively preclude or delay the construction of tenant improvements in the Building by any person, which interference relates to access by Tenant, or Tenant s Agents to the Building (including loading docks and freight elevators) or service during normal construction hours, or the use thereof during normal construction hours (including as resulting from Landlord's continuing construction of the Base Building or any aspect thereof after the date upon which Tenant commences construction of the Tenant Improvements, provided that Tenant and Tenant's Agents reasonably cooperate with Landlord and Landlord's contractors to schedule such work); (iii) delays due to the acts or failures to act of Landlord or Landlord Parties with respect to payment of the Tenant Improvement Allowance (except as otherwise allowed under this Tenant Work Letter) and/or cessation of work as a result thereof, or any other breach of the terms of the Lease or this Tenant Work Letter by Landlord; (iv) the presence of any hazardous materials in violation of applicable law; (v) Landlord's failure to deliver the Premises to Tenant in the time periods specified herein or in the condition required hereunder; or (vi) other provisions of the Lease specifying Landlord Delays. 
  5.1.3      Permit Delay  . As used in this Tenant Work Letter, "  Permit Delay  " shall mean any failure of Tenant to receive final building permits for the Tenant Improvements within sixteen (16) weeks after Tenant's submittal of the Permit Set to the applicable governmental agencies for the issuance of building permits (the "  Permits  ").  
  5.1.4      Tenant Caused Permit Delay  . Permit Delay shall not include any period of time to receive permits caused by (i) the Construction Documents as submitted being incomplete or inadequate in any material respect, (ii) the  

Construction Documents being submitted in a format not allowed by the applicable governmental agencies, (iii) the Tenant Improvements being of a non-general office nature that would reasonably require additional time for review by the applicable governmental agencies, (iv) Tenant's failure to respond to requests for information or to make revisions to and re-submittals of the Construction Documents after comment by the applicable governmental agencies within ten (10) days following receipt of such requests, or (v) material and substantial changes to the Construction Documents after they are first submitted to the applicable governmental agencies for approval, which changes are not made in response to previous comments from such agencies, and which are not customary additions or clarifications made to the Construction Documents as generally made in the normal course of plan preparation and permitting, including normal and customary clarifications or additions regarding finishes (any of the foregoing, a "  Tenant Caused Permit Delay  "). There shall be no Tenant Caused Permit Delay to the extent that delay in Tenant's response time is caused by Landlord's failure to deliver within three (3) business days of request by Tenant any base building plans (not including restroom plans which will be Tenant's responsibility if not in Landlord's possession), common area plans, ADA plans or comparable plans to the extent required by the City of Santa Monica (i.e., the Tenant Caused Permit Delay shall be reduced by the number of days of Landlord's delay in providing such materials to Tenant).  
  5.2      Determination of Lease Commencement Date Delay  .  If Tenant contends that a Lease Commencement Date Delay has occurred, Tenant shall notify Landlord in writing of (i) the event which constitutes such Lease Commencement Date Delay and (ii) the date upon which such Lease Commencement Date Delay is anticipated to end.  If such actions, inaction or circumstance described in the Notice set forth in (i) above of this   Section 5.2   of this Tenant Work Letter (the "  Delay Notice  ") are not cured by Landlord within one (1) business day of Landlord's receipt of the Delay Notice and if such action, inaction or circumstance otherwise qualify as a Lease Commencement Date Delay, then a Lease Commencement Date Delay shall be deemed to have occurred commencing as of the date of Landlord's receipt of the Delay Notice and ending as of the date such circumstances are cured by Landlord, provided that no cure period shall be required to the extent the delay is not subject to cure by Landlord (e.g., for Permit Delays). 
  5.3      Further Permit Delay  . Notwithstanding the terms of   Section 5.2  , above, after the first eight (8) weeks of Permit Delay, any subsequent Permit Delay (the "  Extended Permit Delay  ") shall serve to extend the Outside Lease Commencement Date by only fifty percent (50%) of the period of such Extended Permit Delay. 
  5.4    Intentionally Omitted. 
  5.5      Definition of Substantial Completion of the Tenant Improvements  .  For purposes of this Section 5, "  Substantial Completion of the Tenant Improvements  " shall mean completion of construction of the Tenant Improvements in the Premises pursuant to the Approved Construction Drawings, with the exception of any punch list items, and Tenant s receipt of a certificate of occupancy or its legal equivalent allowing legal occupancy of the Premises. 
  5.6      Reasonable Efforts to Mitigate Delay  . In the event of any Lease Commencement Date Delay, Tenant and Landlord shall use commercially reasonable efforts to expedite the construction of the Tenant Improvements so as to complete the Tenant Improvements and occupy the Premises (and therefore cause the Lease Commencement Date to occur) as soon as reasonably practicable, provided that neither party shall be obligated to incur additional costs. Such efforts shall include, without limitation, commencing construction on aspects of the Tenant Improvements that do not require a Permit, or which may be commenced on a separate permit or prior to the issuance of the Permit. Additionally, Tenant will cooperate with Landlord to allow Landlord to work with Tenant and the applicable governmental agencies to expedite the issuance of the Permits and minimize any Permit Delay. 
  SECTION 6          MISCELLANEOUS 

6.1      Tenant's Representatives  .  Tenant has designated Igor Segal and Laura Whelan as its sole representatives with respect to the matters set forth in this Tenant Work Letter and who shall have full authority and responsibility to act on behalf of the Tenant as required in this Tenant Work Letter. 
  6.2      Landlord's Representative  .  Landlord has designated Mr. Aaron Fenton as its sole representative with respect to the matters set forth in this Tenant Work Letter and who, until further notice to Tenant, shall have full authority and responsibility to act on behalf of the Landlord as required in this Tenant Work Letter. 
  6.3      Time of the Essence in This Tenant Work Letter  .  Unless otherwise indicated, all references herein to a "number of days" shall mean and refer to calendar days.  If any item requiring approval is timely disapproved by Landlord, the procedure for preparation of the document and approval thereof shall be repeated until the document is approved by Landlord. 
  6.4      Tenant's Lease Default  .  Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Lease, if an event of Default, after expiration of any applicable notice or cure period, as described in the Lease or this Tenant Work Letter has occurred at any time on or before the Substantial Completion of the Premises, then (i) in addition to all other rights and remedies granted to Landlord pursuant to this Lease, Landlord shall have the right to withhold payment of all or any portion of the Tenant Improvement Allowance until such time as such Default is cured, and (ii) all other obligations of Landlord under the terms of this Tenant Work Letter shall be forgiven until such time as such Default is cured or waived pursuant to the terms of this Lease (in which case, Tenant shall be responsible for any delay in the substantial completion of the Premises caused by such inaction by Landlord). 
  6.5   Miscellaneous Charges  .  Neither Tenant nor Tenant's Agents nor the Contractor or subcontractors shall be charged for the use of parking at the Building, HVAC, electricity, water, or, during normal construction hours, freight elevator and/or loading docks during the construction of the Tenant Improvements (until the Lease Commencement Date), and Tenant's initial move-in over a weekend.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Tenant, Tenant's Agents or the Contractor requires any of the foregoing in connection with any use reasonably unrelated to Tenant's construction and/or installation of the Tenant Improvements or Tenant s move into the Premises, Tenant shall pay the applicable cost of such service. 

SCHEDULE 1 TO EXHIBIT B 
    
  APPROVED ENGINEERS AND CONTRACTORS 

Engineers  :     
  ARC for MEP engineering 
    
  Ewing Cole for MEP engineering 
    
  Lord, Ficks for structural engineering 
    
  Contractors  : 
      Clune Construction Company        Howard Building Corporation        Sierra Pacific Constructors        KPRS 
    
  JDM Contractors 

SCHEDULE 2 TO EXHIBIT B 
    
  REQUIRED CLOSE OUT DOCUMENTS  

SCHEDULE 3 TO EXHIBIT B 
    
  DELIVERY CONDITION 
    
  The base building delivery condition for the Building includes the following improvements: 
            a. 
    One ton for every 530 SF of the Premises. 
              b. 
    Designed to maintain an average temperature of 74 degrees Fahrenheit, plus or minus 2 degrees, for standard office environments. 
              c. 
    Outside air rates per ASHRAE standards to Tenant s Premises. 
              d. 
    Capacity to accommodate Tenant s special load requirements such as 24/7 cooling for IDF rooms, or provide adequate roof or parking space for such systems. 
              2. 
    Electrical: 
              a. 
    Electrical service provided to panels within an electrical room located on each floor of the Tenant s Premises, and capable of delivering 6 Watts / SF to Tenant s Premises.  
              b. 
    Capacity to accommodate Tenant s special load requirements such as 24/7 cooling for IDF rooms, or provide adequate roof or parking space for such systems. 
              3. 
    Fire Protection System: 
              a. 
    The Building is fully sprinklered, and the sprinkler system is installed and operational in accordance with all applicable codes and regulatory agency requirements. 
              b. 
    A fire alarm system with fully addressable devices is provided throughout the building and is installed and operational in accordance with all applicable codes and regulatory agency requirements. 
              4. 
    Communications: 
              a. 
    Risers are provided from the MPOE to IDF closets on each floor of the Building to facilitate the installation of Tenant s communication cabling. 
              b. 
    Pathways are available to accommodate redundant connectivity with local service providers. 
              c. 
    Pathways are available from Tenant s Premises to roof for Tenant s communication equipment. 
              5. 
    General Building: 
              a. 
    The Building structure is designed and constructed to UBC,79 (the building code at the time the Building was constructed) and each floor of the Building is capable of accommodating dead and live loads customary for office use and equipment incidental thereto. 
              b. 
    All existing penetrations through rated assemblies and systems are sealed and fireproofed. 
              c. 
    All Building core areas, including lobbies, corridors, elevators, stairwells, utility rooms, and restrooms are fully complete and were constructed in compliance with applicable codes and regulatory agency requirements at the time they were initially constructed.  Notwithstanding the above, Tenant shall accept the condition of all Building core areas that exist within the Tenant s Premises in their  as-is  state and Landlord shall not be responsible for upgrading any of these  

areas that exist within the Tenant s Premises in order to meet current building codes and regulatory agency requirements. 
           d. 
    Unsecured bicycle parking is provided in the garage and is to be shared between all tenants within the Project.   
              e. 
    Landlord is in the process of modernizing the elevators and shall do so in accordance with the terms of Section 1.1.5 of the Lease. 
              f. 
    Landlord will be responsible for correcting any site common area-related ADA items (i.e. items that exist within the Project but outside the Tenant s Premises) to the extent they encumber the Tenant s ability to obtain a permit or a final sign-off for occupancy.  

EXHIBIT C 
  COLORADO CENTER 
  FORM OF NOTICE OF LEASE TERM DATES 
  Certified Mail: 
  Date:    ______ 
    
                     To: 
    ______ 
  ______ 
  ______ 
  ______ 
    Copy to: 
    ______ 
  ______ 
  ______ 
  ______ 
      Re:   ______ 
  Dated:    ______ 
  Between:      CA-COLORADO CENTER, L.L.C.  , a Delaware limited liability company, Lessor or Landlord, and ______, a ______, Lessee or Tenant 

In accordance with the subject document we wish to advise you and/or confirm your tenancy of: 
    
  Suite Number ______, on the       floor of the building located at ___________________ Santa Monica, CA 90404 and that the following terms and conditions are accurate and in full force and effect: 
                 Net rentable square feet       ______ 
    Lease term       ______ 
      Lease commencement date       ______ 
    Lease expiration date       ______    
      Base rent schedule     From   To: 
     ______   ______ 
    Monthly Rent 
  $ 

Rent checks are 

If the Lease Commencement Date is other than the first day of the month, the first billing will contain a pro rata adjustment.  Each billing thereafter, with the exception of the final billing, shall be for the full amount of the monthly installment as provided for in the Lease. 
  Pursuant to   Article 2   of the above referenced document, we request that you sign this letter where indicated below, confirming the information provided above, and return it to our representative below within 5 days of receipt.  Per the lease language, however, failure to execute and return such notice within such time shall be conclusive that the information set forth is correct.  A second letter is enclosed for your files. 

Boston Properties, L.P. 

By:   Lease Administrator's name   Date 
     Lease Administration 
    ______ 
  Agreed to and Accepted: 

By:         Date 
    Its:    

EXHIBIT D 
  COLORADO CENTER 
  RULES AND REGULATIONS 
  Tenant shall faithfully observe and comply with the following Rules and Regulations.  Landlord shall not be responsible to Tenant for the nonperformance of any of said Rules and Regulations by or otherwise with respect to the acts or omissions of any other tenants or occupants of the  Project, provided that Landlord shall enforce the Rules and Regulations throughout the Project in a reasonably non-discriminatory manner.  In the event of any conflict between the Rules and Regulations and the other provisions of this Lease, the latter shall control. In the event that Tenant assigns the Lease to an entity other than an Associated Entity or Affiliate, Landlord shall have the right to impose additional, reasonable rules and regulations as are generally enforced against other tenants of the Project. 
  1.    Tenant shall not alter any lock or install any new or additional locks or bolts on any doors or windows of the Premises without obtaining Landlord's prior written consent.  Tenant shall bear the cost of any lock changes or repairs required by Tenant.   
  2.    Intentionally omitted. 
  3.    Tenant, its employees and agents must be sure that the doors to the Premises are securely closed and locked when leaving the Premises if it is after the normal hours of business for the Building.  Landlord will furnish, at Tenant's sole cost and expense, passes to persons for whom Tenant requests same in writing.  Tenant shall be charged Landlord's standard fee for the replacement of lost access cards.  Tenant shall be responsible for all persons for whom Tenant requests passes and shall be liable to Landlord for all acts of such persons.  The Landlord and his agents shall in no case be liable for damages for any error with regard to the admission to or exclusion from the Building of any person.  In case of invasion, mob, riot, public excitement, or other commotion, Landlord reserves the right to prevent access to the Building or the Project during the continuance thereof by any means it deems appropriate for the safety and protection of life and property. 
  4.    Tenant's use of the loading dock serving the Premises shall be subject to reasonable advance scheduling and Landlord's reasonable rules and regulations. Safes and other heavy objects shall, if considered necessary by Landlord, stand on supports of such thickness as is necessary to properly distribute the weight.   Landlord will not be responsible for loss of or damage to any such safe or property in any case.  Any damage to any part of the Building, its contents, occupants or visitors by moving or maintaining any such safe or other property shall be the sole responsibility and expense of Tenant. 
  5.    Intentionally omitted. 
  6.    The requirements of Tenant will be attended to only upon application at the management office for the Project or at such office location designated by Landlord.  Employees of Landlord shall not perform any work or do anything outside their regular duties unless under special instructions from Landlord. 
  7.    Except as provided in the Lease, no sign, advertisement, notice or handbill shall be exhibited, distributed, painted or affixed by Tenant on any part of the Building without the prior written consent of  

the Landlord.  Tenant shall not disturb, solicit, peddle, or canvass any occupant of the Project and shall cooperate with Landlord and its agents of Landlord to prevent same. 
  8.    The toilet rooms, urinals, wash bowls and other apparatus shall not be used for any purpose other than that for which they were constructed, and no foreign substance of any kind whatsoever shall be thrown therein.  The expense of any breakage, stoppage or damage resulting from the violation of this rule shall be borne by the tenant who, or whose servants, employees, agents, visitors or licensees shall have caused same. 
  9.    Tenant shall not overload the floor of the Premises beyond the structural load for which they are designed. 
  10.    Intentionally omitted.. 
  11.    Except as provided in the Lease, Tenant shall not use or keep in or on the Premises, the Building, or the Project any kerosene, gasoline or other inflammable or combustible fluid, chemical, substance or material that is considered hazardous. 
  12.    Except as provided in the Lease, Tenant shall not without the prior written consent of Landlord use any method of heating or air conditioning other than that supplied by Landlord. 
  13.    Intentionally omitted.  
  14.    Tenant shall not bring into or keep within the Project, the Building or the Premises any animals, birds, aquariums with Landlord prior consent. 
  15.    Except in certain areas of the Premises that are appropriately constructed for such purposes, subject to plans and specifications by Landlord in accordance with the terms of the Lease or Tenant Work Letter, no cooking shall be done or permitted on the Premises. The Premises shall not be used for lodging.   
  16.    Tenant shall not occupy or permit any portion of the Premises to be occupied as an office for a messenger-type operation or dispatch office or for the manufacture or sale of liquor, narcotics, or tobacco in any form, or as a medical office, or as a barber or manicure shop, or as an employment bureau without the express prior written consent of Landlord.   
  17.    Landlord reserves the right to exclude or expel from the Project any person who, in the judgment of Landlord, is intoxicated or under the influence of liquor or drugs, or who shall in any manner do any act in violation of any of these Rules and Regulations. 
  18.    Tenant, its employees and agents shall not loiter in or on the entrances, corridors, sidewalks, lobbies, courts, halls, stairways, elevators, vestibules or any Common Areas for the purpose of smoking tobacco products. 
  19.    Tenant shall not waste electricity, water or air conditioning and agrees to cooperate fully with Landlord to ensure the most effective operation of the Building's heating and air conditioning system, and shall refrain from attempting to adjust any controls. 

20.    Tenant shall store all its trash and garbage within the interior of the Premises.  No material shall be placed in the trash boxes or receptacles if such material is of such nature that it may not be disposed of in the ordinary and customary manner of removing and disposing of trash and garbage in the city in which the Project is located without violation of any law or ordinance governing such disposal.  All trash, garbage and refuse disposal shall be made only through entry-ways and elevators provided for such purposes at such times as Landlord shall designate. 
  21.    Tenant shall comply with all safety, fire protection and evacuation procedures and regulations established by Landlord or any governmental agency. 
  22.    Any persons employed by Tenant to do janitorial work shall be union members, and shall be subject to the prior written approval of Landlord, and while in the Building and outside of the Premises, shall be subject to and under the control and direction of the Building manager (but not as an agent or servant of such manager or of Landlord), and Tenant shall be responsible for all acts of such persons. 
  23.    Except as specified in the Lease, no awnings or other projection shall be attached to the outside walls of the Building without the prior written consent of Landlord, and no curtains, blinds, shades or screens shall be attached to or hung in, or used in connection with, any window or door of the Premises other than as approved by Landlord.  Neither the interior nor exterior of any windows shall be coated or otherwise sunscreened without the prior written consent of Landlord.   
  24.    Intentionally omitted. 
  25.    Tenant must comply with reasonable requests by the Landlord concerning the informing of their employees of items of importance to the Landlord. 
  26.    Tenant must comply with the State of California "No-Smoking" law set forth in California Labor Code Section 6404.5, and any local "No-Smoking" ordinance which may be in effect from time to time and which is not superseded by such State law. 
  27.    Intentionally omitted.    
  28.    Intentionally omitted.. 
  29.    Intentionally omitted.. 
  30.    No auction, liquidation, fire sale, going-out-of-business or bankruptcy sale shall be conducted in the Premises without the prior written consent of Landlord. 
  31.    No tenant shall use or permit the use of any portion of the Premises for living quarters, sleeping apartments or lodging rooms. 
  Landlord reserves the right at any time to change or rescind any one or more of these Rules and Regulations, or to make such other and further reasonable Rules and Regulations as in Landlord's judgment may from time to time be necessary for the management, safety, care and cleanliness of the Premises, Building, the Common Areas and the Project, and for the preservation of good order therein, as well as for the convenience of other occupants and tenants therein.  Landlord may waive any one or more of these  

Rules and Regulations for the benefit of any particular tenants, but no such waiver by Landlord shall be construed as a waiver of such Rules and Regulations in favor of any other tenant, nor prevent Landlord from thereafter enforcing any such Rules or Regulations against any or all tenants of the  Project.   

EXHIBIT E 
  COLORADO CENTER 
  FORM OF TENANT'S ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATE 
  The undersigned, as Tenant under that certain Office Lease (the "Lease") made and entered into as of ___________, 20__ by and between _______________, as Landlord, and the undersigned, as Tenant, for Premises on the ______________ floor(s) of the office building located at ______________, certifies as follows: 
  1.    Attached hereto as Exhibit A is a true and correct copy of the Lease and all amendments and modifications thereto.  The documents contained in   Exhibit A   represent the entire agreement between the parties as to the Premises. 
  2.    The undersigned currently occupies the Premises described in the Lease, the Lease Term commenced on __________, and the Lease Term expires on ___________, and the undersigned has no option to terminate or cancel the Lease or to purchase all or any part of the Premises, the Building and/or the Project. 
  3.    Base Rent became payable on ____________. 
  4.    The Lease is in full force and effect and has not been modified, supplemented or amended in any way except as provided in   Exhibit A  . 
  5.    Tenant has not transferred, assigned, or sublet any portion of the Premises nor entered into any license or concession agreements with respect thereto except as follows: 

6.    Tenant shall not modify the documents contained in   Exhibit A   without the prior written consent of Landlord's mortgagee. 
  7.    All monthly installments of Base Rent, all Additional Rent and all monthly installments of estimated Additional Rent have been paid when due through ___________.  The current monthly installment of Base Rent is $_____________________. 
  8.    To the undersigned s knowledge, all conditions of the Lease to be performed by Landlord necessary to the enforceability of the Lease have been satisfied and Landlord is not in default thereunder.  In addition, the undersigned has not delivered any notice to Landlord regarding a default by Landlord thereunder. 

9.    No rental has been paid more than thirty (30) days in advance and no security has been deposited with Landlord except the Security Deposit in the amount of $_____________________ as provided in the Lease. 
  10.    To the undersigned s knowledge, as of the date hereof, there are no existing defenses or offsets, or, to the undersigned's knowledge, claims or any basis for a claim, that the undersigned has against Landlord. 
  11.    If Tenant is a corporation, limited liability company, partnership or limited liability partnership, each individual executing this Estoppel Certificate on behalf of Tenant hereby represents and warrants that Tenant is a duly formed and existing entity qualified to do business in California and that Tenant has full right and authority to execute and deliver this Estoppel Certificate and that each person signing on behalf of Tenant is authorized to do so. 
  12.    There are no actions pending against the undersigned under the bankruptcy or similar laws of the United States or any state. 
  13.    Other than in compliance with all applicable laws and incidental to the ordinary course of the use of the Premises, the undersigned has not used or stored any hazardous substances in the Premises. 
  14.    To the undersigned s knowledge, all tenant improvement work to be performed by Landlord under the Lease has been completed in accordance with the Lease and has been accepted by the undersigned and all reimbursements and allowances due to the undersigned under the Lease in connection with any tenant improvement work have been paid in full. 
  The undersigned acknowledges that this Estoppel Certificate may be delivered to Landlord or to a prospective mortgagee or prospective purchaser, and acknowledges that said prospective mortgagee or prospective purchaser will be relying upon the statements contained herein in making the loan or acquiring the property of which the Premises are a part and that receipt by it of this certificate is a condition of making such loan or acquiring such property. 
  Executed at ______________ on the ____ day of ___________, 20__. 
  "Tenant": 
    ,  a        
           By: 
            Its:         
              By: 
            Its:         

EXHIBIT F 
  COLORADO CENTER 
  ACCEPTABLE FORMS OF INSURANCE CERTIFICATE 

EXHIBIT G 
  COLORADO CENTER 
  BUILDING DIRECT EXPENSES, CAPITAL EXPENSES,  AND CALCULATION PROCEDURES 
  1.1      Definitions of Key Terms Relating to Additional Rent  .  As used in this   Exhibit G  , the following terms shall have the meanings hereinafter set forth: 
  1.1.1    "  Base Year  " shall mean the period set forth in   Section 5   of the Summary. 
  1.1.2    "  Direct Expenses  " shall mean "Operating Expenses" and "Tax Expenses." 
  1.1.3    "  Expense Year  " shall mean each calendar year in which any portion of the Lease Term falls, through and including the calendar year in which the Lease Term expires, provided that Landlord, upon notice to Tenant, may change the Expense Year from time to time, but not more than once in any twelve (12) month period, to any other twelve (12) consecutive month period, and, in the event of any such change, Tenant's Share of Direct Expenses shall be equitably adjusted for any Expense Year involved in any such change. 
  1.1.4    "  Operating Expenses  " shall mean except as set forth in this   Section 4.2.4  , all expenses, costs and amounts of every kind and nature which Landlord pays or accrues during any Expense Year because of or in connection with the ownership, management, maintenance, security, repair, replacement, renovation, restoration or operation of the Project, or any portion thereof, in accordance with sound real estate management and accounting practices, consistently applied.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Operating Expenses shall specifically include any and all of the following: (i) the cost of supplying all utilities , the cost of operating, repairing, replacing, maintaining, renovating and restoring the utility, telephone, mechanical, sanitary, storm drainage, and elevator systems, and the cost of maintenance and service contracts in connection therewith; (ii) the cost of licenses, certificates, permits and inspections and the cost of contesting any governmental enactments which are reasonably anticipated to reduce Operating Expenses (to the extent of reductions), and the costs incurred in connection with a governmentally mandated transportation system management program or similar program; (iii) the cost of all insurance carried by Landlord in connection with the Project; (iv) the cost of landscaping, relamping, and all supplies, tools, equipment and materials used in the operation, repair and maintenance of the Project, or any portion thereof; (v) costs incurred in connection with the parking areas servicing the Project; (vi) fees and other costs, including management fees, consulting fees, legal fees and accounting fees, of all contractors and consultants in connection with the management, operation, maintenance, replacement, renovation, repair and restoration of the Project; (vii) payments under any equipment rental agreements and the fair rental value of any management office space; (viii) wages, salaries and other compensation and benefits, including taxes levied thereon, of all persons (other than persons generally considered to be higher in rank than the position of "Project Manager" or "Building Manager") engaged in the operation, maintenance and security of the Project; (ix) intentionally omitted; (x) operation, repair, maintenance, renovation, replacement and restoration (subject to item "xiii" below) of all systems and equipment and components thereof of the Project; (xi) the cost of janitorial, alarm, security and other services, replacement, renovation, restoration and repair of wall and floor coverings, ceiling tiles and fixtures in common areas, maintenance, replacement, renovation, repair and restoration of curbs and walkways, and repair to roofs; (xii) amortization of the cost of acquiring or the rental expense of personal property used in the maintenance, operation and repair of the Project, or any portion thereof (which amortization calculation shall include interest at the "Interest Rate," as that term is set forth in   Article 25   of this Lease); (xiii) the cost of capital improvements or other costs incurred in connection with the Project     (A) that are reasonably anticipated by Landlord to effect economies in the operation or maintenance of the Project, or any portion thereof, to the extent of the reasonably anticipated savings, (B) that are required under any governmental law or regulation enacted after the date of this Lease; provided, however, that any capital expenditure shall be amortized with interest at the Interest Rate over its reasonable useful life as reasonably determined in accordance with sound real estate management and accounting practices, consistently applied, or with respect to those items included under item (A) above, their recovery/payback period as  

reasonably determined in accordance with sound real estate management and accounting practices, consistently applied; (xiv) costs, fees, charges or assessments imposed by, or resulting from any mandate imposed on Landlord by, any federal, state or local government for fire and police protection, trash removal, community services, or other services which do not constitute "Tax Expenses" as that term is defined in   Section 4.2.5  , below; and (xv) payments under any easement, license, operating agreement, declaration, restrictive covenant, or instrument pertaining to the sharing of costs by the Project.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of this Lease, Operating Expenses shall not, however, include: 
  (a)        costs incurred in connection with the original construction of the Project or in connection with any major change in the Project, such as adding or deleting floors; 
  (b)        costs of the design and construction of tenant improvements to the Premises or the premises of other tenants or other occupants and the amount of any allowances or credits paid to or granted to tenants or other occupants for any such design or construction or any costs to supervise such tenant improvements; 
  (c)        except as set forth in items (xii) and (xiii), above, depreciation, interest and principal payments on mortgages and other debt costs, if any; 
  (d)        marketing costs, legal fees, space planners  and architects' fees, advertising and promotional expenses, and brokerage fees incurred in connection with the original development, subsequent improvement, or original or future leasing of the Project; 
  (e)        costs for which the Landlord is reimbursed, or would have been reimbursed if Landlord had carried the insurance Landlord is required to carry pursuant to this Lease or would have been reimbursed if Landlord had used commercially reasonable efforts to collect such amounts, from any tenant or occupant of the Project or by insurance from its carrier or any tenant s carrier (except to the extent of the insurance deductible); 
  (f)        insurance deductible amounts to the extent in excess of (1) with respect to earthquake insurance, $100,000 per occurrence, and (2) with respect to fire/casualty insurance, $50,000 per occurrence, provided that, if insurance deductibles at or below such amounts are no longer commercially reasonably available in the insurance market, such limits shall be raised to the level of the applicable insurance deductible reasonably obtained by Landlord with respect to the Building and Premises; 
  (g)        any bad debt loss, rent loss, or reserves for bad debts or rent loss or any reserves of any kind; 
  (h)        costs associated with the operation of the business of the partnership or entity which constitutes the Landlord, as the same are distinguished from the costs of operation of the Project, including partnership accounting and legal matters, costs of defending any lawsuits with any mortgagee (except as the actions of the Tenant may be in issue), costs of selling, syndicating, financing, mortgaging or hypothecating any of the Landlord s interest in the Project, and costs incurred in connection with any disputes between Landlord and its employees, between Landlord and Project management, or between Landlord and other tenants or occupants; 
  (i)        the wages and benefits of any employee who does not devote substantially all of his or her employed time to the Project unless such wages and benefits are prorated to reflect time spent on operating and managing the Project vis- -vis time spent on matters unrelated to operating and managing the Project; provided, that in no event shall Operating Expenses for purposes of this Lease include wages and/or benefits attributable to personnel above the level of senior property manager, portfolio manager or regional engineer; 
  (j)        except as set forth in items (xii) and (xiii), above, late charges, penalties, liquidated damages, interest and other finance charges; 

(k)        amount paid as ground rental or as rental for the Project by the Landlord or under any mortgage or secured loan agreement; 
  (l)        costs, including permit, license and inspection costs, incurred with respect to the installation of tenant improvements made for new tenants or other occupants in the Project or incurred in renovating or otherwise improving, decorating, painting or redecorating vacant space for tenants or other occupants of the Project (excluding, however, such costs relating to any common areas of the Project or parking facilities); 
  (m)        costs of capital repairs and alterations, capital improvements and capital equipment, except as set forth in items (xii) and (xiii), above; 
  (n)        any amount paid by Landlord or to the parent organization or a subsidiary or affiliate of the Landlord for supplies and/or services in the Project to the extent the same exceeds the costs of such supplies and/or services rendered by qualified, first-class unaffiliated third parties on a competitive basis; 
  (o)        rentals and other related expenses incurred in leasing air conditioning systems, elevators or other equipment which if purchased the cost of which would be excluded from Operating Expenses as a capital cost, except equipment not affixed to the Project which is used for normal maintenance or similar services and, further excepting from this exclusion such equipment rented or leased to remedy or ameliorate an  Emergency  (as defined in Article 27 below) condition in the Project; 
  (p)        all items and services for which Tenant, any other tenant in the Project, or any third party reimburses Landlord, provided that Landlord shall use commercially reasonable efforts to collect such reimbursable amounts, or which Landlord provides selectively to one or more tenants (other than Tenant) without reimbursement; 
  (q)        costs, other than those incurred in ordinary maintenance and repair, for sculpture, paintings, fountains or other objects of art; 
  (r)        tax penalties; 
  (s)        fees and reimbursements payable to Landlord (including its parent organization, subsidiaries and/or affiliates) or by Landlord for management of the Project (collectively, the "  Management Fee  ") which exceed three percent (3%) of the gross revenues of the Project, adjusted and grossed up to reflect a one hundred percent (100%) occupancy of the Project with all tenants paying rent, including base rent, pass-throughs, and parking fees for any calendar year or portion thereof; 
  (t)        any costs expressly excluded from Operating Expenses elsewhere in this Lease; 
  (u)        rent for any office space occupied by Project management personnel to the extent such office space is greater than 2,500 rentable square feet or the monthly rental for such space is greater than the rent being charged by landlords of Comparable Buildings; 
  (v)        Landlord s general corporate overhead and general and administrative expenses; 
  (w)        all assessments and premiums which are not specifically charged to Tenant because of what Tenant has done, which can be paid by Landlord in installments, shall be paid by Landlord in the maximum number of installments permitted by law (except to the extent inconsistent with the general practice of landlords of buildings  

comparable to and in the vicinity of the Building) and shall be included as Operating Expenses in the year in which the assessment or premium installment is actually paid; 
  (x)        costs arising from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Landlord; 
  (y)        costs incurred to comply with Applicable Law with respect to hazardous materials, as defined by applicable law ( Hazardous Material ), which was in existence in the Building or on the Project or the groundwater under the Project prior to the date of this Lease, or is brought into the Building or onto the Project after the date hereof by Landlord or any other tenant of the Project or by anyone other than Tenant or Tenant Parties, or migrates from any other property; 
  (z)        in-house legal and/or accounting (as opposed to office building bookkeeping) fees;  
  (aa)        legal fees and costs, settlements, judgments or awards paid or incurred because of disputes between Landlord and Tenant, Landlord and other tenants or prospective occupants or prospective tenants/occupants or providers of goods and services to the Project; 
  (bb)        legal fees and costs concerning the negotiation and preparation of this Lease or any litigation between Landlord and Tenant; 
  (cc)        any reserves retained by Landlord;  
  (dd)        costs arising from Landlord s charitable or political contributions; 
  (ee)        any finders' fees, brokerage commissions, job placement costs or job advertising cost; 
  (ff)        any above Building standard cleaning, including, but not limited to construction cleanup or special cleanings associated with parties/events; 
  (gg)        the cost of any training or incentive programs, other than for tenant life safety information services;  
  (hh)        costs of acquisition and/or development of adjacent properties; and 
  (ii)        amounts incurred in connection with the provision of services, utilities or other benefits which are not provided to Tenant, or for which Tenant is charged directly, but which are provided to another tenant or occupant of the Project regardless of whether or not such amounts are recovered by Landlord. 
  If Landlord is not furnishing any particular work or service (the cost of which, if performed by Landlord, would be included in Operating Expenses) to a tenant who has undertaken to perform such work or service in lieu of the performance thereof by Landlord, Operating Expenses shall be deemed to be increased by an amount equal to the additional Operating Expenses which would reasonably have been incurred during such period by Landlord if it had at its own expense furnished such work or service to such tenant.  If the Project is not at least ninety-five percent (95%) occupied during all or a portion of the Base Year or any Expense Year, Landlord may elect (and with respect to the Base Year, shall elect) to make an appropriate adjustment to the components of Operating Expenses that vary based on the occupancy of the Project for such year to determine the amount of Operating Expenses that would have been incurred had  

the Project been ninety-five percent (95%) occupied; and the amount so determined shall be deemed to have been the amount of Operating Expenses for such year.  Operating Expenses for the Base Year shall include market-wide cost increases (including utility rate increases) due to extraordinary circumstances, including, but not limited to, Force Majeure, boycotts, strikes, conservation surcharges, embargoes or shortages, or amortized costs (the "  Temporary Costs  "), provided that at such time as such Temporary Costs are no longer included in Operating Expenses, such Temporary Costs shall be removed from the Base Year Operating Expenses.      Landlord shall not (i) make a profit by charging items to Operating Expenses that are otherwise also charged separately to others and (ii) subject to Landlord's right to adjust the components of Operating Expenses described above in this paragraph, collect Operating Expenses from Tenant and all other tenants in the Building in an amount in excess of what Landlord incurs for the items included in Operating Expenses. 
  In addition, if, other than (i) as a result of any governmental requirements enacted or made effective after the Base Year or (ii) any cost or service that is approved in writing by Tenant at the Project, following the Base Year any new material category of recurring operating expense is added to Operating Expenses, and/or the scope of any previously existing category of expense including in Operating Expenses for the Base Year is materially increased, then during such time as the costs relating to such new category and/or such increased scope are included in the Operating Expenses, the calculation of the Operating Expenses for the Base Year shall be increased to reflect such costs as would have been incurred had such new category item been included in the Base Year and/or had such increased scope been applicable during the Base Year, as applicable, giving due consideration to what the costs for such new category and/or increased scope items(s) would have been at the time of the Base Year (i.e., Tenant will be responsible for the costs of such additional service to the extent such costs are in excess of what such costs would have been during the Base Year, had such additional service been provided in the Base Year).  
  Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary set forth in this   Section 4.2.4  , in no event shall those components of Operating Expenses constituting "Controllable Expenses" (as defined below) in any particular Lease Year, increase by more five percent (5%) per year, cumulative and compounding. By way of example and not of limitation, if Controllable Expenses for the first Lease Year are $10.00 per rentable square foot, then Controllable Expenses for the second Lease Year shall not exceed $10.50 per rentable square foot; Controllable Expenses for the third Lease Year shall not exceed $11.03 per rentable square foot; and so on.  For purposes of this Lease,    Controllable Expenses      shall mean all Operating Expenses, but not including (A) mandated increases in union labor costs as a result of collective bargaining agreements across multiple properties, (B) market-wide labor-rate increases due to extraordinary circumstances, including without limitation, boycotts and strikes, (C) costs incurred due to an event of Force Majeure, (D) costs incurred to comply with applicable laws, (B) any utility charges, and (C) Tax Expenses. 
  1.1.8      Taxes  . 
  1.1.8.1    "  Tax Expenses  " shall mean all federal, state, county, or local governmental or municipal taxes, fees, charges or other impositions of every kind and nature, whether general, special, ordinary or extraordinary (including, without limitation, real estate taxes, general and special assessments, transit taxes, business taxes, leasehold taxes or taxes based upon the receipt of rent, including gross receipts or sales taxes applicable to the receipt of rent, unless required to be paid by Tenant, personal property taxes imposed upon the fixtures, machinery, equipment, apparatus, systems and equipment, appurtenances, furniture and other personal property used in connection with the Project, or any portion thereof), which shall be paid or accrued during any Expense Year (without regard to any different fiscal year used by such  

governmental or municipal authority) because of or in connection with the ownership, leasing and operation of the Project, or any portion thereof. 
  1.1.8.2    Tax Expenses shall include, without limitation:  (i) Any tax on the rent, right to rent or other income from the Project, or any portion thereof, or as against the business of leasing the Project, or any portion thereof; (ii) Any assessment, tax, fee, levy or charge in addition to, or in substitution, partially or totally, of any assessment, tax, fee, levy or charge previously included within the definition of real property tax, it being acknowledged by Tenant and Landlord that Proposition 13 was adopted by the voters of the State of California in the June 1978 election ("  Proposition 13  ") and that assessments, taxes, fees, levies and charges may be imposed by governmental agencies for such services as fire protection, street, sidewalk and road maintenance, refuse removal and for other governmental services formerly provided without charge to property owners or occupants, and, in further recognition of the decrease in the level and quality of governmental services and amenities as a result of Proposition 13, Tax Expenses shall also include any governmental or private assessments or the Project's contribution towards a governmental or private cost-sharing agreement for the purpose of augmenting or improving the quality of services and amenities normally provided by governmental agencies; (iii) Any assessment, tax, fee, levy, or charge allocable to or measured by the area of the Premises, the tenant improvements in the Premises, or the Rent payable hereunder, including, without limitation, any business or gross income tax or excise tax with respect to the receipt of such rent, or upon or with respect to the possession, leasing, operating, management, maintenance, alteration, repair, use or occupancy by Tenant of the Premises, or any portion thereof; (iv) Any assessment, tax, fee, levy or charge, upon this transaction or any document to which Tenant is a party, creating or transferring an interest or an estate in the Premises; and (v) All of the real estate taxes and assessments imposed upon or with respect to the Building and all of the real estate taxes and assessments imposed on the land and improvements comprising the Project.  Refunds of Tax Expenses (including reductions under Proposition 8) shall be credited against Tax Expenses and refunded to Tenant regardless of when received, based on the Expense Year to which the refund or reduction is applicable, provided that (i) in no event shall the amount to be refunded to Tenant for any such Expense Year exceed the total amount paid by Tenant as Additional Rent under this   Exhibit G   for such Expense Year; and (ii) in no event shall a reduction under Proposition 8 reduce Tax Expenses in the Base Year. 
  1.1.8.3    If Tax Expenses for any period during the Lease Term or any extension thereof are increased after payment thereof for any reason, including, without limitation, error or reassessment by applicable governmental or municipal authorities, Tenant shall pay Landlord upon demand Tenant's Share of any such increased Tax Expenses included by Landlord as Building Tax Expenses pursuant to the terms of this Lease.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this   Section 1.1.8   (except as set forth in   Section 1.1.8.1  , above), there shall be excluded from Tax Expenses (i) all excess profits taxes, franchise taxes, gift taxes, capital stock taxes, inheritance and succession taxes, estate taxes, federal and state income taxes, and other taxes to the extent applicable to Landlord's general or net income (as opposed to rents, receipts or income attributable to operations at the Project), (ii) any items included as Operating Expenses, and (iii) any items paid by Tenant under   Section 4.2   of the Lease. 
  1.1.9    Intentionally Omitted.  
  1.1.10      Tenant's Share  .  "  Tenant's Share  " shall mean the percentage set forth in   Section 6   of the Summary.  Tenant's Share was calculated by multiplying the RSF of the Premises, as set forth in   Section 2.2   of the Summary, by 100, and dividing the product by the total RSF of the Project. 
  1.2      Cost Pools  .  Landlord shall have the right, from time to time, to equitably and in good faith allocate some or all of the Direct Expenses for the Project among different portions or occupants of the Project (the "  Cost Pools  "), in Landlord's discretion.  Such Cost Pools may include, but shall not be limited to, the office space tenants of a building of the Project or of the Project, and the retail space tenants of a building of the Project or of the Project.  The Direct Expenses allocable to each such Cost Pool shall be allocated to such Cost Pool and charged to the tenants within such Cost Pool in an equitable manner. 

1.3      Calculation and Payment of Direct Expenses  .  If for any Expense Year ending or commencing within the Lease Term, Tenant's Share of Direct Expenses for such Expense Year exceeds Tenant's Share of Direct Expenses applicable to the Base Year, then Tenant shall pay to Landlord, in the manner set forth in   Section 1.3.1  , below, and as Additional Rent, an amount equal to the excess (the "  Excess  "). 
  1.3.1      Statement of Actual Building Direct Expenses and Payment by Tenant  .  Landlord shall give to Tenant within one hundred fifty (150) days following the end of each Expense Year, a statement (the "  Statement  ") which shall state in reasonable detail and on a line item basis the Direct Expenses incurred or accrued for the particular Expense Year, and which shall indicate the amount of the Excess.  Upon receipt of the Statement for each Expense Year commencing or ending during the Lease Term, if an Excess is present, Tenant shall pay, within thirty (30) days after receipt of the Statement, the full amount of the Excess for such Expense Year, less the amounts, if any, paid during such Expense Year as "Estimated Excess," as that term is defined in   Section 1.3.2  , below, and if Tenant paid more as Estimated Excess than the actual Excess, Tenant shall receive a credit in the amount of Tenant's overpayment against Rent next due under this Lease.  The failure of Landlord to timely furnish the Statement for any Expense Year shall not prejudice Landlord or Tenant from enforcing its rights under this   Exhibit G  .  Even though the Lease Term has expired and Tenant has vacated the Premises, when the final determination is made of Tenant's Share of Direct Expenses for the Expense Year in which this Lease terminates, if an Excess is present, Tenant shall, within thirty (30) days after receipt of the Statement, pay to Landlord such amount, and if Tenant paid more as Estimated Excess than the actual Excess, Landlord shall, within thirty (30) days, deliver a check payable to Tenant in the amount of the overpayment.  The provisions of this   Section 1.3.1   shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Lease Term.  Notwithstanding the immediately preceding sentence, Tenant shall not be responsible for Tenant's Share of any Direct Expenses attributable to any Expense Year which are first billed to Tenant more than one (1) calendar year after the Lease Expiration Date, provided that in any event Tenant shall be responsible for Tenant's Share of Direct Expenses which (x) were levied by any governmental authority or by any public utility companies, and (y) Landlord had not previously received an invoice therefor and which are currently due and owing (i.e., costs invoiced for the first time regardless of the date when the work or service relating to this Lease was performed), at any time following the Lease Expiration Date which are attributable to any Expense Year (provided that Landlord delivers Tenant a bill for such amounts within one (1) year following Landlord's receipt of the bill therefor). 
  1.3.2      Statement of Estimated Direct Expenses  .  In addition, Landlord shall endeavor to give Tenant a yearly expense estimate statement (the "  Estimate Statement  ") which shall set forth in general major categories Landlord's reasonable estimate (the "  Estimate  ") of what the total amount of Direct Expenses for the then-current Expense Year shall be and the estimated excess (the "  Estimated Excess  ") as calculated by comparing the Direct Expenses for such Expense Year, which shall be based upon the Estimate, to the amount of Direct Expenses for the Base Year.  The failure of Landlord to timely furnish the Estimate Statement for any Expense Year shall not preclude Landlord from enforcing its rights to collect any Additional Rent under this   Exhibit G  , nor shall Landlord be prohibited from revising any Estimate Statement or Estimated Excess theretofore delivered to the extent necessary.  Thereafter, Tenant shall pay, within thirty (30) days after receipt of the Estimate Statement, a fraction of the Estimated Excess for the then-current Expense Year (reduced by any amounts paid pursuant to the second to last sentence of this   Section 1.3.2  ).  Such fraction shall have as its numerator the number of months which have elapsed in such current Expense Year, including the month of such payment, and twelve (12) as its denominator.  Until a new Estimate Statement is furnished (which Landlord shall have the right to deliver to Tenant at any time), Tenant shall pay monthly, with the monthly Base Rent installments, an amount equal to one-twelfth (1/12) of the total Estimated Excess set forth in the previous Estimate Statement delivered by Landlord to Tenant.  Throughout the Lease Term, Landlord shall maintain records with respect to Direct Expenses in accordance with sound real estate management and accounting practices, consistently applied.  
  1.4      Intentionally Deleted  . 
  1.5      Proposition 13 Protection  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Lease, in the event that, at any time during the initial Lease Term, any sale, refinancing, or change in ownership of the Building or Project is consummated, and as a result thereof, and to the extent that in connection therewith, the Building or Project is  

reassessed (the "  Reassessment  ") for real estate tax purposes by the appropriate governmental authority pursuant to the terms of Proposition 13, then the terms of this   Section 1.5   shall apply to such Reassessment of the Building or Project 
  1.5.1      Tax Increase  .  For purposes of this   Section 1.5  , the term "  Tax Increase  " shall mean that portion of the Taxes, as calculated immediately following the Reassessment, which is attributable solely to the Reassessment.  Accordingly, the term Tax Increase shall not include any portion of the Taxes, as calculated immediately following the Reassessment, which (i) is attributable to the initial assessment of the value of the Building or Project or the improvements located therein, (ii) is attributable to assessments which were pending immediately prior to the Reassessment, which assessments were conducted during, and included in, such Reassessment, or which assessments were otherwise rendered unnecessary following the Reassessment, (iii) is attributable to the annual inflationary increase of real estate taxes (as such increases are determined by statute from time to time). The Tax Increase shall not include any increase in taxes resulting from a change in applicable laws. 
  1.5.2      Protection  .  Subject to the terms of this   Section 1.5  , a portion of the Tax Increase attributable to the Reassessment shall thereafter be excluded from Taxes during the initial Term pursuant to the following schedule. 

1.5.3      Landlord's Right to Purchase the Prop 13 Protection Amount  .  The amount of Tax Expenses which Tenant is not obligated to pay or will not be obligated to pay during the Lease Term in connection with a particular Reassessment pursuant to the terms of   Section 1.5  , shall be sometimes referred to hereafter as a "  Proposition 13 Protection Amount  ." If the occurrence of a Reassessment is reasonably foreseeable by Landlord and the Proposition 13 Protection Amount attributable to such Reassessment can be reasonably quantified or estimated for each Lease Year commencing with the Lease Year in which the Reassessment will occur, the terms of this   Section 1.5.3   shall apply to each such Reassessment.  Upon Notice to Tenant, Landlord shall have the right to purchase the Proposition 13 Protection Amount relating to the applicable Reassessment (the "  Applicable Reassessment  "), at any time during the Lease Term, by paying to Tenant an amount equal to the "Proposition 13 Purchase Price," as that term is defined in this   Section 1.5.3  , provided that the right of any successor of Landlord to exercise its right of repurchase hereunder shall not apply to any Reassessment which results from the event pursuant to which such successor of Landlord became the Landlord under this Lease.  As used herein, "  Proposition 13 Purchase Price  " shall mean the present value of the Proposition 13 Protection Amount remaining during the Lease Term, as of the date of payment of the Proposition 13 Purchase Price by Landlord.  Such present value shall be calculated (i) by using the portion of the Proposition 13 Protection Amount attributable to each remaining Lease Year (as though the portion of such Proposition 13 Protection Amount benefited Tenant at the end of each Lease Year), as the amounts to be discounted, and (ii) by using discount rates for each amount to be discounted equal to (A) the average rates of yield for United States Treasury Obligations with maturity dates as close as reasonably possible to the end of each Lease Year during which the portions of the Proposition 13 Protection Amount would have benefited Tenant, which rates shall be those in effect as of Landlord's exercise of its right to purchase, as set forth in this   Section 1.5.3  , plus (B) two percent (2%) per annum.  Upon such payment of the Proposition 13 Purchase Price, the provisions of   Section 1.5.2   of this Lease shall not apply to any Tax Increase attributable to the Applicable Reassessment.  Since Landlord is estimating the Proposition 13 Purchase Price because a Reassessment has not yet occurred, then when such Reassessment occurs, if Landlord has underestimated the Proposition 13 Purchase Price, then upon Notice by Landlord to Tenant, Landlord shall promptly pay to Tenant the amount of such underestimation, and if Landlord overestimates the Proposition 13 Purchase Price, then upon Notice by Landlord to Tenant, Rent next due shall be increased by the amount of such overestimation. 

1.6      Landlord s Books and Records  .  Upon Tenant s written request given not more than twenty four (24) months after Tenant s receipt of a Statement for a particular Expense Year, and provided that Tenant is not then in Default under this Lease, Landlord shall provide Tenant with a certified statement (the "  Officer's Statement  ") concerning the Building Direct Expenses for such Expense Year from an appropriate officer of Landlord, and Landlord shall also furnish Tenant with such reasonable supporting documentation in connection with said Building Direct Expenses as Tenant may reasonably request.  Landlord shall provide said information and the Officer's Statement to Tenant as soon as reasonably practical (but not to exceed sixty (60) days) for the particular Expense Year after Tenant s written request therefore.  The Officer's Statement shall show on a line for line basis the Building Direct Expenses in sufficient detail, or otherwise provide sufficient information, to enable Tenant to verify that the terms of exclusions and inclusions with respect to Building Direct Expenses, as set forth in this Lease, have been adhered to.  If, within sixty (60) days following Tenant s receipt of the Officer's Statement and supporting documentation, Tenant disputes the amount of the applicable Direct Expenses, an independent certified public accountant (which accountant is a member of a reputable, nationally or regionally recognized accounting firm) experienced in auditing operating expenses at Comparable Buildings, designated and paid for by Tenant, or a qualified employee of Tenant, may, after reasonable notice to Landlord and at reasonable times, inspect and photocopy Landlord s records with respect to the Statement at Landlord s offices, provided that Tenant is not then in Default under this Lease and Tenant has paid all amounts required to be paid under the applicable Estimate Statement and Statement, as the case may be (but Tenant may pay the same "under protest").  In connection with such inspection, Tenant and Tenant s agents must agree in advance to follow Landlord s reasonable rules and procedures regarding inspections of Landlord s records, and shall execute a commercially reasonable confidentiality agreement regarding such inspection.  Tenant s failure to dispute the amount of Additional Rent set forth in any Statement within two (2) years of Tenant s receipt of such Statement shall be deemed to be Tenant s approval of such Statement and Tenant, thereafter, waives the right or ability to dispute the amounts set forth in such Statement.  If after such inspection, Tenant still disputes such Additional Rent, Landlord and Tenant shall meet in order to resolve the dispute.  If Landlord and Tenant are unable to resolve the dispute, a determination as to the proper amount shall be made, at Tenant s expense, by a real estate lawyer experienced in lease audits who has not represented Landlord or Tenant in the past five (5) years (a "  Qualified Lawyer  ") selected by mutual agreement of Landlord and Tenant and if the parties are unable to agree upon a Qualified Lawyer, then such Qualified Lawyer shall be selected by application to the presiding judge of the Los Angeles Superior Court.  The Qualified Lawyer shall, in any event, be required to select and retain an independent certified public accountant (the "  Accountant  ") to advise and assist such lawyer in its analysis and determination hereunder.  Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, if the determination by the Qualified Lawyer proves that Direct Expenses in the applicable Statement were overstated by more than five percent (5%), then the cost of the Qualified Lawyer, the Accountant and the cost of such determination shall be paid for by Landlord (provided that, if any such individual or firm is being paid on a contingency fee basis, Landlord's reimbursement obligation shall not exceed the amount that would have been charged by a similar accounting or real estate services firm to provide such services on a non-contingency fee basis). If such audit or review by the Qualified Lawyer reveals that Landlord has overcharged or undercharged Tenant, then within thirty (30) days after the results of such audit, Landlord shall reimburse Tenant the amount of the overcharge or Tenant shall pay the amount of the undercharge, as applicable.  Tenant hereby acknowledges that Tenant s sole right to inspect Landlord s books and records and to contest the amount of Direct Expenses payable by Tenant shall be as set forth in this   Section 4.6  , and Tenant hereby waives any and all other rights pursuant to applicable law to inspect such books and records and/or to contest the amount of Direct Expenses payable by Tenant. 

EXHIBIT H 
  COLORADO CENTER 
  BUILDING DIRECT EXPENSES, CAPITAL EXPENSES,  AND CALCULATION PROCEDURES 
  MARKET RENT ANALYSIS 
  When determining Market Rent, the following rules and instructions shall be followed. 
  1.      RELEVANT FACTORS  .      The "  Market Rent  ," as used in this Lease, shall be derived from an analysis (as such derivation and analysis are set forth in this   Exhibit H  ) of the "Net Equivalent Lease Rates," of the "Comparable Transactions".  The "  Market Rent  ," as used in this Lease, shall be equal to the annual rent per rentable square foot, at which tenants, are, pursuant to transactions consummated within the period occurring within the twelve (12) month period prior to the commencement of the applicable Option Term or First Offer Term (provided that timing adjustments shall be made to reflect any changes in the Market Rent following the date of any particular Comparable Transaction up to the date of the commencement of the applicable Option Term or First Offer Term) leasing non renewal, non expansion, non-sublease, non-encumbered, non-equity  office space comparable in location and quality to the Premises and consisting of lease transactions of comparable amounts of space for First Offer Space or in excess of 100,000 rentable square feet of space for the Premises, or a lesser amount of space if a transaction is for a full building lease for space subject to an Option Term, for a term of between and including five (5) and ten (10) years, in an arm's-length transaction, which comparable space is located in the  Comparable Buildings,  as that term is defined in Section 4, below (transactions satisfying the foregoing criteria shall be known as the "  Comparable Transactions  ").  The terms of the Comparable Transactions shall be calculated as a Net Equivalent Lease Rate pursuant to the terms of this   Exhibit H   and shall take into consideration only the following terms and concessions:  (i) the rental rate and escalations for the Comparable Transactions, (ii) the amount of parking rent per parking permit paid in the Comparable Transactions, (iii) operating expense and tax protection granted in such Comparable Transactions such as a base year or expense stop and any limits/caps (e.g., Proposition 13 protection); (iv) rental abatement concessions, if any, being granted such tenants in connection with such comparable space, (v) tenant improvements or allowances provided or to be provided for such comparable space, taking into account the value of the existing improvements in the Premises, such value to be based upon the age, quality and layout of the improvements (and not considering the value of any improvements installed in the Premises by Tenant with funds in excess of the Tenant Improvement Allowance), (vi) consideration of the level of control  and the usage rights of space and parking areas by Tenant, of the Project with respect to rights to use the Common Areas, rights to parking automobiles, and signage rights, (vii) brokerage commissions paid, and (viii) all other monetary and nonmonetary concessions, if any, being granted such tenants in connection with such Comparable Transactions; provided, however, that for an Option Term, but not a First Offer Term, no consideration shall be given to any period of rental abatement, if any, granted to tenants in Comparable Transactions in connection with the design, permitting and construction of tenant improvements in such comparable spaces.  The Market Rent shall include adjustment of the stated size of the Premises based upon the standards of measurement (i.e., the ratio of rentable to usable square feet) utilized in the Comparable Transactions.   

2.      TENANT SECURITY  .  The Market Rent shall additionally include a determination as to whether, and if so to what extent, a tenant comparable to Tenant in a Comparable Transaction would be required to provide Landlord with financial security, such as a letter of credit or guaranty, for Tenant's Rent obligations during the applicable term.  Such determination shall be made by reviewing the extent of financial security then generally being imposed in Comparable Transactions from tenants of comparable financial condition and credit history to the then existing financial condition and credit history of Tenant (with appropriate adjustments to account for differences in the then-existing financial condition of Tenant and such other tenants).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant shall only be required to provide such financial security to the extent that Tenant, and not Landlord, requires the payment of a tenant improvement allowance (the "  TI Allowance  ")     pursuant to the terms of   Section 3  , below, and in any event the amount of such financial security required to be provided by Tenant shall not exceed the actual amount of the TI Allowance required to be paid by Landlord. 
  3.      TENANT IMPROVEMENT ALLOWANCE  .  If, in determining the Market Rent, Tenant is entitled to a tenant improvement or comparable allowance for the improvement of the Premises, Landlord may, at Landlord s sole option, elect to grant all or a portion of the TI Allowance in accordance with the following:  (A) to grant some or all of the TI Allowance to Tenant in the form as described above (i.e., as an improvement allowance), and/or (B) to offset against the rental rate component of the Market Rent all or a portion of the TI Allowance (in which case such portion of the TI Allowance provided in the form of a rental offset shall not be granted to Tenant as an improvement allowance).  To the extent Landlord elects not to grant the entire TI Allowance to Tenant as a tenant improvement allowance, and Tenant does not require such grant as provided below, the offset under item (B), above, shall equal the amount of the tenant improvement allowance not granted to Tenant as a tenant improvement allowance pursuant to the preceding sentence.  Additionally, if Landlord elects not to grant the entire TI Allowance to Tenant as a tenant improvement allowance, Tenant shall have the right to require the TI Allowance to be granted as a tenant improvement allowance, in which case Landlord may have the right, as set forth in Section 2, above, to require financial security. 
  4.      COMPARABLE BUILDINGS  .  For purposes of this Lease, the term "  Comparable Buildings  " shall mean 12100 West Olympic Boulevard, 12200 W. Olympic Boulevard, The Element LA Project (with a primary address of 12333 West Olympic Boulevard), Lantana (with a primary address of 3000 Olympic Boulevard), the "Pen Factory" project (with a primary address of 2701 Olympic Boulevard), 2700 Colorado, the Water Garden Project, Colorado Center, Arboretum Gateway, UMG Arboretum Courtyard, and other first-class, mid-rise institutionally owned office buildings in the area bounded on the East by I-405, on the West by the Pacific Ocean, on the North by the North side of San Vicente Boulevard, and on the South by the South side of Ocean Park Boulevard, which are comparable in terms of age, quality of construction, appearance, quantity of project open space, and quality of common area improvements (the "  Comparable Buildings  ").  Landlord and Tenant agree that in determining the Market Rent, the economic terms of Comparable Transactions in a particular Comparable Building shall be appropriately adjusted when calculating the Market Rent to account for historical differences, if any, in rental rates in that Comparable Building as compared to the Project. 
  5.      METHODOLOGY FOR REVIEWING AND COMPARING THE COMPARABLE TRANSACTIONS  .  In order to analyze the Comparable Transactions based on the factors to be considered in calculating Market Rent, and given that the Comparable Transactions may vary in terms of length or  

term, rental rate, concessions, etc., the following steps shall be taken into consideration to "adjust" the objective data from each of the Comparable Transactions.  By taking this approach, a "Net Equivalent Lease Rate" for each of the Comparable Transactions shall be determined using the following steps to adjust the Comparable Transactions, which will allow for an "apples to apples" comparison of the Comparable Transactions. 
  5.1.    The contractual rent payments for each of the Comparable Transactions should be arrayed monthly or annually over the lease term.  All Comparable Transactions should be adjusted to simulate a net rent structure, wherein the tenant is responsible for the payment of all property operating expenses in a manner consistent with this Lease.  This results in the estimate of Net Equivalent Rent received by each landlord for each Comparable Transaction being expressed as a periodic net rent payment. 
  5.2    Any free rent or similar inducements received over time should be deducted in the time period in which they occur, resulting in the net cash flow arrayed over the lease term. 
  5.3    The resultant net cash flow from the lease should be then discounted (using an 8% annual discount rate)     to the lease commencement date, resulting in a net present value estimate. 
  5.4    From the net present value, up front inducements (improvements allowances and other concessions) should be deducted.  These items should be deducted directly, on a "dollar for dollar" basis, without discounting since they are typically incurred at lease commencement, while rent (which is discounted) is a future receipt. 
  5.5    The net present value should then amortized back over the lease term as a level monthly or annual net rent payment using the same annual discount rate of 8.0% used in the present value analysis.  This calculation will result in a hypothetical level or even payment over the option period, termed the "Net Equivalent Lease Rate" (or constant equivalent in general financial terms). 
  6.      USE OF NET EQUIVALENT LEASE RATES FOR COMPARABLE TRANSACTIONS  .  The Net Equivalent Lease Rates for the Comparable Transactions shall then be used to reconcile, in a manner usual and customary for a real estate appraisal process, to a conclusion of Market Rent which shall be stated as a Net Equivalent Lease Rate applicable to each year of the Option Term or First Offer Term. 

EXHIBIT I 
  COLORADO CENTER 
  LOCATION OF TENANT'S RESERVED PARKING SPACES 
    
  Note: Tenant's spaces are marked with horizontal dark lines. 

EXHIBIT J 
  COLORADO CENTER          SUPERIOR RIGHT HOLDERS 

A-100   200: Edmunds.com (Renewal Option) 
  A-300: Edmunds.com (Right of First Offer) 
  E-100-200-300: HULU (Renewal Option) 
  E-400  500: One West Bank (Renewal Option);  HULU (ROFO) 
  E   550: YF Group (Renewal Option) 
  E-600: HULU (Renewal Option) 

EXHIBIT K 
  COLORADO CENTER          PROJECT UPGRADE CONCEPT PLANS      

EXHIBIT L 
  COLORADO CENTER        ENVIRONMENTAL QUESTIONNAIRE 
  ENVIRONMENTAL QUESTIONNAIRE  FOR COMMERCIAL AND INDUSTRIAL PROPERTIES 
  Property Name:             
  Property Address:             
  Instructions  :  The following questionnaire is to be completed by the Lessee representative with knowledge of the planned operations for the specified building/location.  Please print clearly and attach additional sheets as necessary. 
  1.0      PROCESS INFORMATION 
  Describe planned use, and include brief description of manufacturing processes employed. 
                       
  2.0      HAZARDOUS MATERIALS 
  Are hazardous materials used or stored?  If so, continue with the next question.  If not, go to Section 3.0. 
           2.1 
    Are any of the following materials handled on the Property?    Yes  No  
     (A material is handled if it is used, generated, processed, produced, packaged, treated, stored, emitted, discharged, or disposed.)  If so, complete this section.  If this question is not applicable, skip this section and go on to Section 5.0. 
                   Explosives 
    Fuels 
    Oils 
      Solvents 
    Oxidizers 
    Organics/Inorganics 
      Acids 
    Bases 
    Pesticides 
      Gases 
    PCBs 
    Radioactive Materials 
      Other (please specify) 

2 2. 
    If any of the groups of materials checked in Section 2.1, please list the specific material(s), use(s), and quantity of each chemical used or stored on the site in the Table below.  If convenient, you may substitute a chemical inventory and list the uses of each of the chemicals in each category separately. 
       
                         Material 
    Physical State (Solid, Liquid, or Gas) 
    Usage 
    Container Size 
    Number of Containers 
    Total Quantity 

2 3. 
    Describe the planned storage area location(s) for these materials.  Please include site maps and drawings as appropriate. 
                          
  3.0        HAZARDOUS WASTES 
  Are hazardous wastes generated?    Yes  No  
  If yes, continue with the next question.  If not, skip this section and go to section 4.0. 
           3.1 
    Are any of the following wastes generated, handled, or disposed of (where applicable) on the Property? 
                    Hazardous wastes 
    Industrial Wastewater 
      Waste oils 
    PCBs 
      Air emissions 
    Sludges 
      Regulated Wastes 
    Other (please specify) 

3 2. 
    List and quantify the materials identified in Question 3 1 of this section. 
       
                         WASTE GENERATED 
    RCRA listed Waste? 
    SOURCE 
    APPROXIMATE MONTHLY QUANTITY 
    WASTE CHARACTERIZATION 
    DISPOSITION 

3 3. 
    Please include name, location, and permit number (e.g. EPA ID No.) for transporter and disposal facility, if applicable).  Attach separate pages as necessary. 
       
                     Transporter/Disposal Facility Name 
    Facility Location 
    Transporter (I) or Disposal (D) Facility 
    Permit Number 

3 4. 
    Are pollution controls or monitoring employed in the process to prevent or minimize the release of wastes into the environment?    Yes  No  
              3 5. 
    If so, please describe. 
                          
  4.0      USTS/ASTS 
           4.1 
    Are underground storage tanks (USTs), aboveground storage tanks (ASTs), or associated pipelines used for the storage of petroleum products, chemicals, or liquid wastes present on site (lease renewals) or required for planned operations (new tenants)?    Yes___    No___ 
     If not, continue with section 5.0.  If yes, please describe capacity, contents, age, type of the USTs or ASTs, as well any associated leak detection/spill prevention measures.  Please attach additional pages if necessary. 
    
                       Capacity 
    Contents 
    Year Installed 
    Type (Steel, Fiberglass, etc) 
    Associated Leak Detection / Spill Prevention Measures   *  

*   Note: 
    The following are examples of leak detection / spill prevention measures: 
                      Integrity testing 
    Inventory reconciliation 
    Leak detection system 
      Overfill spill protection 
    Secondary containment 
    Cathodic protection 

4 2. 
    Please provide copies of written tank integrity test results and/or monitoring documentation, if available. 
              4 3. 
    Is the UST/AST registered and permitted with the appropriate regulatory agencies?    Yes  No   If so, please attach a copy of the required permits. 
              4 4. 
    If this Questionnaire is being completed for a lease renewal, and if any of the USTs/ASTs have leaked, please state the substance released, the media(s) impacted (e.g., soil, water, asphalt, etc.), the actions taken, and all remedial responses to the incident. 
                          
           4 5. 
    If this Questionnaire is being completed for a lease renewal, have USTs/ASTs been removed from the Property?    Yes  No  
     If yes, please provide any official closure letters or reports and supporting documentation (e.g., analytical test results, remediation report results, etc.). 
           4 6. 
    For Lease renewals, are there any above or below ground pipelines on site used to transfer chemicals or wastes?    Yes  No  
     For new tenants, are installations of this type required for the planned operations? 

Yes  No  
  If yes to either question, please describe. 
                       
  5.0        ASBESTOS CONTAINING BUILDING MATERIALS 
  Please be advised that an asbestos survey may have been performed at the Property.  If provided, please review the information that identifies the locations of known asbestos containing material or presumed asbestos containing material.  All personnel and appropriate subcontractors should be notified of the presence of these materials, and informed not to disturb these materials.  Any activity that involves the disturbance or removal of these materials must be done by an appropriately trained individual/contractor. 
  6.0        REGULATORY 
           6 1. 
    Does the operation have or require a National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) or equivalent permit?    Yes  No   If so, please attach a copy of this permit. 
              6 2. 
    Has a Hazardous Materials Business Plan been developed for the site?    Yes  No   If so, please attach a copy. 
     CERTIFICATION 
  I am familiar with the real property described in this questionnaire.  By signing below, I represent and warrant that the answers to the above questions are complete and accurate to the best of my knowledge.  I also understand that Lessor will rely on the completeness and accuracy of my answers in assessing any environmental liability risks associated with the property. 
  Signature:           
  Name:           
  Title:           
  Date:           
  Telephone:               

EXHIBIT M 
  COLORADO CENTER          ACCESS CONTROL SPECIFICATIONS 

Security Command Center   Command center operated 24/7, Telephones answered 24/7  
                 
    Access Control   card readers on all common area entry points including lobby doors and elevators.  Access levels can be customized to meet tenants needs. 
                
    After Hours Escort Service to parking garage as requested 
                
    Intercom communication locations in all elevator lobbies that can communicate back to Security Command Center 24/7 

EXHIBIT N 
  COLORADO CENTER          JANITORIAL SPECIFICATIONS 
  OFFICE AREAS  
             
    Empty all waste receptacles. Clean and reline when needed.  
                
    Empty large centrally located recycling bins when full. 
                
    Remove compost bins once per night if applicable. 
                
    Wash and sanitize all drinking fountains as needed. 
                
    Vacuum all carpeted areas as needed. 
                
    Spot clean carpets to remove light spillage as needed.  
                
    Damp mop spillage in uncarpeted office areas as needed. 
                
    Clean conference room tables and remove any remaining food items as instructed by occupant. 
                
    Arrange chairs at desk and conference room tables. 
                
    Clean and sweep all lunchroom/eating areas. Wash and wipe tables and counter tops and clean sinks as needed. 
                
    Remove scuff marks on floor as needed. 
                
    If applicable and as instructed by occupant, ensure all designated locked doors are closed after area has been cleaned and activate/arm all alarm systems. 
                
    Dust and wipe clean with damp or treated cloth all office furniture, files, and cubicle partition tops, picture frames, window sills, mullions, frames, etc. as needed.   Janitorial crew will not move papers or other freestanding items on surfaces. 
                
    Dust frames and T.V. monitors as needed.   
                
    Remove all finger marks and smudges from all vertical surfaces as needed. 
                
    Damp wipe and polish all glass and wood furniture tops as needed. 
                
    Damp/dry mop hard surfaced floors and/or uncarpeted surface floors as needed. 
                
    Sweep uncarpeted floors employing dust control techniques as needed. 
     Monthly Services 
             
    Dust ceiling vents, air diffusers and surfaces above 7 feet.  
          
  Quarterly Services 

Scrub and wax all hard surface floors.  Carpet shampooing will be completed upon request and billed separately. 
                
    Fully clean interior partition glass as needed to maintain free from dust and streaks. 
     Annual Services 
     Strip and Wax all hard surface floors 

RESTROOMS    
             
    Clean and sanitize all mirrors, bright work, countertops, partitions, enameled surfaces and any     other horizontal/vertical surfaces, including toiletry trays. 
                
    Wash and disinfect all basins, urinals, bowls and fixtures to remove stains. 
                
    Wash both sides of all toilet seats with soap and/or disinfectant. 
                
    Empty, clean, and damp wipe all waste receptacles and replace trash liners. 
                
    Sweep, wet mop, and sanitize entire floor, including around toilet seats and under urinals. 
                
    Damp wipe/dust all walls, partitions, doors, and outside surfaces of all dispensers, as needed. 
                
    Fill toilet paper, soap, towels, and sanitary napkin dispensers   (if applicable). 
                
    Machine scrub all hard surface floors as needed. 
                
    Dust ceiling vents, air diffusers and surfaces above 7 feet as needed. 
                
    Clean floor drains as needed. 
     ** Please note that certain above standard finishes requiring special cleaning products and/or equipment may require separate billing. 

EXHIBIT O 
  COLORADO CENTER 
  APPROVED TENANT NAME AND LOGO 

OFFICE LEASE 
    
  COLORADO CENTER 
    
  2400 BROADWAY, SANTA MONICA, CALIFORNIA 

CA-COLORADO CENTER, L.L.C.,       a Delaware limited liability company  , 
  as Landlord, 
  and 
  KITE PHARMA, INC.,       a Delaware corporation 
  as Tenant. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
  Page 

ARTICLE 1     PREMISES, BUILDING, PROJECT, AND COMMON AREAS      4 
   ARTICLE 2     LEASE TERM      5 
   ARTICLE 3     BASE RENT      5 
   ARTICLE 4     ADDITIONAL RENT      6 
   ARTICLE 5     USE OF PREMISES      7 
   ARTICLE 6     SERVICES AND UTILITIES      7 
   ARTICLE 7     REPAIRS      10 
   ARTICLE 8     ADDITIONS AND ALTERATIONS      11 
   ARTICLE 9     COVENANT AGAINST LIENS      12 
   ARTICLE 10     TENANT'S INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE      13 
   ARTICLE 11     DAMAGE AND DESTRUCTION      17 
   ARTICLE 12     NONWAIVER      18 
   ARTICLE 13     CONDEMNATION      19 
   ARTICLE 14     ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING      19 
   ARTICLE 15     SURRENDER OF PREMISES; OWNERSHIP AND REMOVAL OF TRADE FIXTURES      23 
   ARTICLE 16     HOLDING OVER      23 
   ARTICLE 17     ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATES      24 
   ARTICLE 18     SUBORDINATION      24 
   ARTICLE 19     DEFAULTS; REMEDIES      24 
   ARTICLE 20     COVENANT OF QUIET ENJOYMENT      26 
   ARTICLE 21     SECURITY DEPOSIT      27 
   ARTICLE 22     SUBSTITUTION OF OTHER PREMISES      27 
   ARTICLE 23     SIGNS      27 
   ARTICLE 24     COMPLIANCE WITH LAW      28 
   ARTICLE 25     LATE CHARGES      28 
   ARTICLE 26     LANDLORD'S RIGHT TO CURE DEFAULT; PAYMENTS BY TENANT      29 
   ARTICLE 27     ENTRY BY LANDLORD      29 
   ARTICLE 28     NOTICES      30 
   ARTICLE 29     MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS      31 
    
  LIST OF EXHIBITS 
  A    OUTLINE OF PREMISES 
  B    TENANT WORK LETTER 
  C    FORM OF NOTICE OF LEASE TERM DATES 
  D    RULES AND REGULATIONS 
  E    FORM OF TENANT'S ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATE 
  F    ACCEPTABLE FORMS OF INSURANCE CERTIFICATE 
           G 
    BUILDING DIRECT EXPENSES, CAPITAL EXPENSES, AND CALCULATION PROCEDURES 
              H 
    MARKET RENT ANALYSIS 
              I 
    LOCATION OF RESERVED PARKING SPACES 
              J 
    SUPERIOR RIGHT HOLDERS 
              K  
    PROJECT UPGRADE CONCEPT PLANS 
              L 
    HAZARDOUS MATERIAL QUESTIONNAIRE 
              M 
    ACCESS CONTROL SPECIFICATIONS 
              N 
    JANITORIAL SPECIFICATIONS 
     O    APPROVED TENANT NAME AND LOGO 

INDEX OF MAJOR DEFINED TERMS 
  Page 

Abatement Event    43 
  Abatement Event Termination Date    43 
  Abatement Event Termination Notice    43 
  Accountant    9 
  Additional Rent    13 
  Advocate Arbitrators    10 
  Affiliate    37 
  Alterations    25 
  Applicable Laws    48 
  Applicable Reassessment    8 
  Approved Bank    44 
  Arbitration Fair Market Rental Values    10 
  Associated Entity    37 
  Award    11 
  Bank    44 
  Bank Prime Loan    49 
  Bankruptcy Code    44 
  Base Building    25 
  Base Rent    11 
  Base Year      Exhibit G 
  Brokers    55 
  BS/BS Exception    23 
  Building    5 
  Building Hours    19 
  Building Structure    23 
  Building Systems    23 
  Casualty    32 
  CGCC    37 
  Child Care and/or Health Club Facilities    58 
  Child Care Provider and/or Health Club Operator    58 
  Collateral    53 
  Commencement Date Delay    8 
  Common Areas    5 
  Comparable Buildings    2 
  Comparable Transactions    9 
  Confidentiality Regulation    56 
  Controllable Expenses    5 
  Cost Pools      Exhibit G 
  Delay Notice    9 
  Design Problem    25 
  Direct Expenses      Exhibit G 
  Early Occupancy Right    9 
  Eligibility Period    43 
  Embarcadero Center.    5 
  Emergency    24, 50 
  Estimate    7 
  Estimate Statement    7 
  Estimated Excess    7 
  Excess      Exhibit G 
  Expense Year      Exhibit G 

INDEX OF MAJOR DEFINED TERMS 
  Page 

First Offer Commencement Date    8 
  First Offer Exercise Notice    7 
  First Offer Notice    7 
  First Offer Rent    7 
  First Offer Space    7 
  Force Majeure    53 
  Force Majeure Delay    8 
  Generator Area    21 
  Hazardous Material    4 
  Holidays    19 
  HVAC    19 
  HVAC Hours    19 
  Incidental Uses    3 
  Intervening Lease    7 
  Landlord    1 
  Landlord Affiliate    36 
  Landlord Caused Delay    8 
  Landlord Contribution    33 
  Landlord Repair Notice    32 
  L-C    44 
  L-C Amount    44 
  L-C Expiration Date    44 
  L-C Reduction Condition    46 
  Lease    1 
  Lease Commencement Date    9 
  Lease Expiration Date    9 
  Lease Term    9 
  Lease Year    9 
  Lines    57 
  Mail    50 
  Management Fee    3 
  Market Rent    9 
  Neutral Arbitrator    11 
  Nondisturbance Agreement    40 
  Non-Structural Alterations    24 
  Notices    50 
  Operating Expenses      Exhibit G 
  Option Exercise Date    10 
  Option Exercise Notice    10 
  Option Interest Notice    9 
  Option Rent    9 
  Option Rent Notice    9 
  Option Term    9 
  Original Improvements    28 
  Original Tenant    7 
  Other Improvements    56 
  Outside Agreement Date    10 
  Overlap Period    43 
  Permit Delay    9 
  Permitted Recipients    55 
  Premises    5 

INDEX OF MAJOR DEFINED TERMS 
  Page 

Project    5 
  Proposition 13      Exhibit G 
  Proposition 13 Protection Amount    8 
  Proposition 13 Purchase Price    8 
  Qualified Lawyer    9 
  Reassessment    7 
  Recipient    40 
  Recognition Agreement    37 
  Reduction Certification    47 
  Reduction Request    47 
  Renovations    56 
  Rent    13 
  rentable square feet    6 
  Requesting Party    40 
  Required Removables    26 
  Review Period    35 
  Secured Areas    50 
  Security Deposit Laws    46 
  Statement    6 
  Subject Space    34 
  Sublease    37 
  Sublease Space    38 
  Substantial Completion of the Tenant Improvements    9 
  Subtenant    38 
  Summary    1 
  Superior Right Holder    7 
  Tax Expenses      Exhibit G 
  Tenant    1 
  Tenant HVAC System    22 
  Tenant Signage    47 
  Tenant Work Letter    5 
  Tenant s Occupants    37 
  Tenant's Share      Exhibit G 
  TI Allowance    1 
  Transaction Costs    36 
  Transfer Fees    46 
  Transfer Notice    34 
  Transfer Premium    36 
  Transferee    34 
  Transfers    34 
  Unusable Area    43 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 kiteex-3119x30x16.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer 
  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  I, Arie Belldegrun, M.D., certify that: 
    
  1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Kite Pharma, Inc.; 
    
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
    
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
    
  4. The registrant     s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13(a)-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
  a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant     s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant     s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant     s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant     s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant     s internal control over financial reporting; and 
    
  5. The registrant     s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant     s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant     s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
  a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant     s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
    
  b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant     s internal control over financial reporting. 
    
                 Date: November 9, 2016 
    /s/ Arie Belldegrun 
        
    Arie Belldegrun, M.D. 
        
    President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 kiteex-3129x30x16.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  I, Paul L. Jenkinson, certify that: 
    
  1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Kite Pharma, Inc.; 
    
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
    
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
    
  4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13(a)-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
  a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
    
  5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
  a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
    
  b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
    
                 Date: November 9, 2016 
    /s/ Paul Jenkinson 
        
    Paul Jenkinson 
        
    Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 kiteex-3219x30x16.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Kite Pharma, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Arie Belldegrun, M.D., President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge that: 
  (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
  (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

By:      /s/ Arie Belldegrun             
  Name: Arie Belldegrun, M.D. 
  Title:   President and Chief Executive Officer 
    
  Date: November 9, 2016 
    
  A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 kiteex-3229x30x16.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Kite Pharma, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Paul Jenkinson, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge that: 
  (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
  (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

By:      /s/ Paul Jenkinson             
  Name: Paul Jenkinson 
  Title:   Chief Financial Officer 
    
  Date: November 9, 2016 
    
  A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 kite-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 kite-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 kite-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 kite-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 kite-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 kite-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

