<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1509589_0001509589-16-000144_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5263754</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>203103</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>299755</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1725722</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2041994</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>882153</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>26</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001509589-16-000144.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109090635
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001509589-16-000144
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bonanza Creek Energy, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001509589
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				611630631
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35371
		FILM NUMBER:		161982934

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		410 17TH STREET, SUITE 1500
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		720-440-6100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		410 17TH STREET, SUITE 1500
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001509589-16-000144.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 bcei201693010-q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
    
  FORM 10-Q 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES 
  EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
    
  For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    

Commission File Number:      001-35371 
    
  Bonanza Creek Energy, Inc. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
    
                   Delaware 
      
    61-1630631 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
      incorporation or organization) 
      
    Identification No.) 

(720) 440-6100 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   x    Yes        No 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   x    Yes        No 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
    
                   Large accelerated filer   x 
      
    Accelerated filer     

Non-accelerated filer     
      
    Smaller reporting company     
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).        Yes   x    No 
    
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. As of   November 7, 2016  , the registrant had 49,672,252 shares of common stock outstanding. 

1 

Table of Contents  

BONANZA CREEK ENERGY, INC. 
  INDEX 

PAGE 
       Part I.   
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
     Financial Statements (Unaudited)  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
    3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    5 

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    6 

Item 2.  
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    18 

Item 3.  
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    30 

Item 4.  
     Controls and Procedures  
    32 

Part II.   
     OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
     Legal Proceedings  
    32 

Item 1A.  
     Risk Factors  
    32 

Item 2.  
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    33 

Item 3.  
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    34 

Item 4.  
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    34 

Item 5.  
     Other Information  
    34 

Item 6.  
     Exhibits  
    35 

2 

Table of Contents  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1.     Financial Statements. 

BONANZA CREEK ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS     (UNAUDITED)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

BONANZA CREEK ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME(UNAUDITED) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

Table of Contents  

BONANZA CREEK ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS     (UNAUDITED) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  

BONANZA CREEK ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO     THE CONDENSED     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS 
    
  Bonanza Creek Energy, Inc. ( BCEI  or, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the  Company ) is engaged primarily in acquiring, developing, exploiting and producing oil and gas properties. The Company's oil and liquids-weighted assets are concentrated primarily in the Wattenberg Field in Colorado and in the Dorcheat Macedonia Field in southern Arkansas. 

NOTE 2 - BASIS OF PRESENTATION 
    
  These statements have been prepared in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Commission and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) for interim financial information with the condensed consolidated balance sheets ( balance sheets ) as of   December 31, 2015  , being derived from audited financial statements. The quarterly financial statements included herein do not necessarily include all of the disclosures as may be required under generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements. There has been no material change in the information disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   (the    2015   Form 10-K ), except as disclosed herein. These consolidated financial statements include all of the adjustments, which, in the opinion of management, are necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position and results of operations. All such adjustments are of a normal recurring nature only. The results of operations for the quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full fiscal year. The Company evaluated events subsequent to the balance sheet date of   September 30, 2016  , and through the filing date of this report. Certain prior period amounts are reclassified to conform to the current period presentation, when necessary. 
    
  Principles of Consolidation 
    
  The balance sheets include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries, Bonanza Creek Energy Operating Company, LLC, Bonanza Creek Energy Resources, LLC, Bonanza Creek Energy Upstream LLC, Bonanza Creek Energy Midstream, LLC, Holmes Eastern Company, LLC and Rocky Mountain Infrastructure, LLC. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. 
    
  Significant Accounting Policies 
    
  The significant accounting policies followed by the Company were set forth in Note 1 to the   2015   Form 10-K and are supplemented by the notes throughout this report. These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the   2015   Form 10-K. 
    
  Going Concern Uncertainty 
    
  Since the first quarter of 2016, the Company s liquidity outlook has deteriorated due to the Company's inability to sell assets given current market conditions and counterparty concerns about the Company's liquidity and current capital structure, borrowing base reductions that have occurred during 2016, continuation of depressed commodity prices and the inability to access the debt and capital markets. In addition, the Company s senior secured revolving credit agreement (the  revolving credit facility ) is subject to scheduled redeterminations of its borrowing base, semi-annually, as early as April and October of each year, based primarily on reserve report values using lender commodity price expectations at such time as well as other factors within the discretion of the lenders that are party to the revolving credit facility. 
    
  As a result of these and other factors, the following issues have adversely impacted the Company s ability to continue as a going concern: 
             
    the Company s ability to comply with financial covenants and ratios in its revolving credit facility and indentures has been affected by continued low commodity prices. Among other things, the Company is required under its revolving credit facility to maintain a minimum interest coverage ratio (the  minimum interest coverage ratio ) that must exceed   2.50   to   1.00  . Absent a waiver, amendment or forbearance agreement, failure to meet these covenants and ratios would result in an Event of Default (as defined in the revolving credit agreement) and, to the extent the applicable lenders so elect, an acceleration of the Company s existing  
     
   6 

     Table of Contents  

indebtedness, causing such debt of   $229.3 million  , as of September 30, 2016, to be immediately due and payable. Based on the Company's financial results through the third quarter of 2016, it is no longer in compliance with its minimum interest coverage ratio requirement. The minimum interest coverage ratio is calculated by dividing trailing twelve-month EBITDAX by trailing twelve-month interest expense. If a waiver, amendment or forbearance agreement is not obtained, the applicable credit facility lenders could give notice of acceleration as a result of this non-compliance. The Company does not currently have adequate liquidity to repay all of its outstanding debt in full if such debt were accelerated; 
             
    because the revolving credit facility borrowing base was redetermined in May 2016 to   $200.0 million  , the Company was overdrawn by   $88.0 million   and has been making mandatory monthly repayments of approximately   $14.7 million  . The borrowing base was further reduced on October 31, 2016 to   $150.0 million  , which is less than the current amount drawn. Under the terms of the credit agreement, the Company has a   20  -day period from the date of redetermination to inform the bank group of its intended method to cure its deficiency. Please refer to   Note 5 - Long-Term Debt   for additional discussion on the Company's available options to cure its borrowing base deficiency. Depending on its election to cure the deficiency, the Company may not have sufficient cash on hand to be able to make the mandatory repayments associated with curing the deficiency at the time they are due;  
                
    the Company s ability to make interest payments as they become due and repay indebtedness upon maturities (whether under existing terms or as a result of acceleration) is impacted by the Company s liquidity. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had a   $29.3 million   borrowing base deficiency under its revolving credit facility and   $133.4 million   in cash and cash equivalents. As a result of the October 31, 2016 redetermination, the Company's borrowing base deficiency is   $64.7 million  , as of the date of filing; 
                
    the Company has   two   purchase and transportation agreements to deliver fixed determinable quantities of crude oil. The first agreement went into effect during the second quarter of 2015 for   12,580   barrels per day over an initial   five   year term. Based on current production estimates, assuming no future drilling and completion activity, the Company anticipates shortfalls in delivering the minimum volume commitments throughout the remainder of 2016. The Company has incurred   $1.5   million in minimum volume commitment deficiency payments as of September 30, 2016. Under the current terms of the contract, the anticipated shortfall in delivering the minimum volume commitments could result in potential deficiency payments of   $1.7   million for the remainder of 2016 and an aggregate   $44.8   million in deficiency payments for 2017 through April 2020, when the agreement expires. In accordance with an adequate assurance of performance provision contained in the contract, the counterparty withheld   $5.0   million from the Company's revenue payment during the third quarter of 2016. This payment is being held in a segregated account and is reflected in the other noncurrent assets line item in the accompanying balance sheets. The second agreement became effective on November 1, 2016 for   15,000   barrels per day over an initial   seven   year term. Based on current production estimates, assuming no future drilling and completion activity, and not designating any barrels to this commitment until May 2020. Under the current terms of the contract, the anticipated shortfall in delivering the minimum volume commitments could result in potential deficiency payments of   $4.8 million   in 2016 and an aggregate   $165.2 million   in deficiency payments for 2017 through October 2023, when the agreement expires. The actual amount of deficiency payments could vary on both contracts depending on the outcome of the Company's ability to renegotiate and execute on one or more of its current liquidity strategies; and 
                
    if the Company is unable to obtain a waiver from or otherwise reach an agreement with the lenders under the revolving credit facility and the indebtedness under the revolving credit facility is accelerated, then an Event of Default (as defined in the underlying indentures) under the Company's   6.75%   Senior Notes due 2021 (   6.75%   Senior Notes ) and   5.75%   Senior Notes due 2023 (   5.75%   Senior Notes , collectively referred to as the  Senior Notes ) would occur. If an Event of Default occurs, the trustee or the holders of at least   25%   in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding notes, may declare the entire principal under the Senior Notes to be due and payable immediately. The Company made the October 15, 2016 interest payment of    $17.0   million, which included per diem default interest, on its   6.75%   Senior Notes to the indenture trustee within the   30  -day grace period allowed under the governing indenture. The revolving credit facility and Senior Notes have cross default clauses. 
       
  If lenders, and subsequently noteholders, accelerate the Company s outstanding indebtedness (  $1.0 billion   as of   September 30, 2016  ), it will become immediately due and payable. In the event of acceleration, the Company does not have sufficient liquidity to repay those amounts and would have to seek relief through a Chapter 11 Bankruptcy proceeding. Due to  
  
   7 

     Table of Contents  

covenant violations, the Company classified the revolving credit facility and Senior Notes as current liabilities as of   September 30, 2016  .  
    
  The significant risks and uncertainties described above raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis of accounting, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of the going concern uncertainty. The Company is currently in discussions with various stakeholders, regarding a potential (i) debt for equity exchange or (ii) private secured financing transaction. The Company is also seeking to obtain waivers or amendments from its lenders. There can be no assurance that sufficient liquidity can be obtained from one or more of these actions or that these actions can be consummated within the period needed. 
    
  See   Note 5 - Long-Term Debt   and   Note 6 - Commitment and Contingencies   for additional details about the Company s debt and commitments. 
    
  Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
  On January 1, 2016, the Company adopted FASB   Update No. 2015 -03 - Interest - Imputation of Interest - Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs   and Up  date No. 2015-15, Interest - Imputation of Interest - Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements   on a retrospective basis. These updates require capitalized debt issuance costs, except for those related to revolving credit facilities, to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt liability, rather than as an asset. The adoption resulted in a reclassification that reduced other noncurrent assets and senior notes - current portion by   $12.1   million as of September 30, 2016 and reduced other noncurrent assets and long-term debt by   $13.7   million on the accompanying balance sheets as of December 31, 2015. 
  In January 2016, the FASB issued   Update No. 2016-01   Financial Instruments - Overall   to require separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset on the balance sheet or the accompanying notes to the financial statements. This authoritative guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the provisions of this guidance and assessing its impact, but does not currently believe it will have a material effect on the Company s financial statements or disclosures. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued   Update No. 2016-02   Leases   to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. This authoritative guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the provisions of this guidance and assessing its impact, but does not currently believe it will have a material effect on the Company s financial statements or disclosures. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued   Update No. 2016-08   Revenue from Contracts with Customers - Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)  , which clarifies the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations. This authoritative accounting guidance is effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company has started reviewing its contracts and is assessing their impact, but does not currently believe this guidance will have a material effect on the Company's financial statements or disclosures. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued   Update No. 2016-09   Compensation - Stock Compensation  . The update simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. This authoritative guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the provisions of this guidance and assessing its impact, but does not currently believe it will have a material effect on the Company s financial statements or disclosures. 
    
  In April 2016, the FASB issued   Update No. 2016-10   Revenue from Contracts with Customers - Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing,   which clarifies identifying performance obligations and the licensing implementation guidance, while retaining the related principles for those two areas. This authoritative accounting guidance is effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company has started reviewing its contracts and is assessing their impact, but does not currently believe this guidance will have a material effect on the Company's financial statements or disclosures. 
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

In May 2016, the FASB issued   Update No. 2016-12   Revenue from Contracts with Customers - Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients,   which identifies certain areas for improvement within Topic 606, which specifies the accounting for revenue from contracts with customers. This authoritative accounting guidance is effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company has started reviewing its contracts and is assessing their impact, but does not currently believe this guidance will have a material effect on the Company's financial statements or disclosures. 
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued   Update No. 2016-15   Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments,   which clarifies the presentation of specific cash receipts and cash payments within the statement of cash flows. This authoritative accounting guidance is effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the provisions of this guidance and assessing its impact, but does not currently believe it will have a material effect on the Company s financial statements or disclosures. 

NOTE 3 - ASSETS HELD FOR SALE 
    
  Previously, the Company had assets held for sale which consisted of the Company s ownership interests in Rocky Mountain Infrastructure, LLC ( RMI ) and all assets within the Company's Mid-Continent region. During the second quarter, these assets were placed back in to assets held for use in the proved properties, unproved properties and wells in progress financial statement line items in the accompanying balance sheets, including the corresponding asset retirement obligation liability. During the second quarter of 2016, the Company recorded   $3.0 million   of catch-up depreciation on the RMI assets for the nine months that the assets were classified as held for sale and recorded a   $6.0 million   gain on termination fee shown in the accompanying statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The fair value of the Mid-Continent region was lower than the carrying value of the assets prior to classification as held for sale less any depletion that would have been recognized had the assets continuously been held and used, and therefore, no catch-up depletion was recorded for those assets.  
    
  The Company worked diligently to sell the asset packages listed above, but ultimately determined that current market conditions and liquidity concerns related to the Company's current balance sheet did not support the successful sale of such assets. Further, the Company's collateral value under the revolving credit facility would have been negatively impacted by the Mid-Continent region assets sale, thus negating any cash gained from such sale.  

NOTE     4     - ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED EXPENSES 
    
  Accounts payable and accrued expenses contain the following: 

9 

Table of Contents  

NOTE 5     - LONG-TERM DEBT 
    
  Long-term debt consisted of the following: 

______________________ 
           (1) 
    Due to covenant violations and potential related cross default clauses, the Company classified the revolving credit facility and Senior Notes as current liabilities as of   September 30, 2016  . Please refer to the   Going Concern Uncertainty   section in   Note 2 - Basis of Presentation   for additional discussion. 
       
  Credit Facility 
    
  The borrowing base under the Company s senior secured revolving Credit Agreement, dated March 29, 2011, was reduced on May 20, 2016 from   $475.0 million   to   $200.0 million  , and was further reduced from   $200.0 million   to   $150.0 million   on October 31, 2016. The total credit facility size of   $1.0 billion   remaining unchanged. The borrowing base is redetermined semiannually, as early as April and October of each year. The revolving credit facility is collateralized by substantially all of the Company s assets and matures on September 15, 2017. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $229.3 million   outstanding under the revolving credit facility and had a borrowing base deficiency of   $29.3 million   to be paid back in   two   remaining monthly installments of   $14.7 million  , with   no   additional available borrowing capacity. As of the date of filing, the Company had   $214.7   million outstanding under the revolving credit facility and a total borrowing base deficiency, including the deficiency from the October 31, 2016 redetermination, of   $64.7 million  . The Company has   one   remaining monthly installment of   $14.7   million to cure its May 2016 redetermination borrowing base deficiency. The remaining   $50.0 million   deficiency resulting from the October 31, 2016 redetermination is intended to be cured in a method elected by the Company as set forth in the credit agreement. Under the terms of the credit agreement, the Company has a   20  -day period from the date of the deficiency notice to inform the bank group of its intended method to cure the deficiency. The Company's options to cure this deficiency are consistent with those available at the time of the May 20, 2016 redetermination, and include: (a) repaying the deficiency amount within   30   days from the deficiency notice date; (b) pledge, within   30   days after the deficiency notice date, additional oil and gas properties acceptable to the lenders, which the lenders deem sufficient in their sole discretion to eliminate the borrowing base deficiency; (c) repay the deficiency amount in   six   monthly installments equal to one-sixth of the borrowing base deficiency; (d) cure the deficiency through a combination of options (b) and (c) above. As of the date of filing, the Company had not informed the bank group of its intended method to cure its borrowing base deficiency. 
    
  The revolving credit facility restricts, among other items, certain dividend payments, additional indebtedness, asset sales, loans, investments and mergers. The revolving credit facility also contains certain financial covenants, which require the maintenance of certain financial and leverage ratios, as defined by the revolving credit facility. The revolving credit facility contains a ratio of maximum senior secured debt to trailing twelve-month EBITDAX (defined as earnings before interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation, depletion and amortization expense, and exploration expense and other non-cash charges) that must not exceed   2.50   to 1.00 and a minimum interest coverage ratio that must exceed   2.50   to 1.00. The maximum senior secured debt ratio is calculated by dividing borrowings under the revolving credit facility, balances drawn under letters of credit, and any outstanding second lien debt divided by trailing twelve-month EBITDAX. The minimum interest coverage ratio is calculated by dividing trailing twelve-month EBITDAX by trailing twelve-month interest expense. The revolving credit facility also contains a minimum current ratio covenant of   1.00   to 1.00. The revolving credit facility agreement states that the current ratio is to exclude the current portion of long-term debt, as such the classification of the Company's long-term debt to current liabilities did not impact the current ratio. Based on the financial results through the third quarter of 2016, the Company  
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  

is no longer in compliance with its minimum interest coverage ratio requirement. If a waiver, amendment or forbearance agreement is not obtained, the applicable lenders could give notice of acceleration as a result of this non-compliance. 
    
  Senior     Unsecured     Notes 
    
  The   $500.0 million   aggregate principal amount of   6.75%   Senior Notes that mature on April 15, 2021 and the   $300.0 million   aggregate principal amount of   5.75%   Senior Notes that mature on February 1, 2023 are unsecured senior obligations and rank equal in right of payment with all of the Company s existing and future unsecured senior debt, and are senior in right of payment to any future subordinated debt. The Senior Notes are jointly and severally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Company's existing and future domestic subsidiaries that guarantee or are borrowers under its revolving credit facility. The Company is subject to certain covenants under the respective indentures governing the Senior Notes that limit the Company s ability to incur additional indebtedness, issue preferred stock, and make restricted payments, including certain dividends. 

NOTE     6     - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
    
  Legal Proceedings  
    
  From time to time, the Company is involved in various commercial and regulatory claims, litigation and other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of its business. The Company assesses these claims in an effort to determine the degree of probability and range of possible loss for potential accrual in its condensed consolidated financial statements. In accordance with accounting authoritative guidance, an accrual is recorded for a loss contingency when its occurrence is probable and damages can be reasonably estimated based on the most likely anticipated outcome or the minimum amount within a range of possible outcomes. Because legal proceedings are inherently unpredictable and unfavorable resolutions could occur, assessing contingencies is highly subjective and requires judgments about uncertain future events. When evaluating contingencies, the Company may be unable to provide a meaningful estimate due to a number of factors, including the procedural status of the matter in question, the presence of complex or novel legal theories, and/or the ongoing discovery and development of information important to the matters. The Company regularly reviews contingencies to determine the adequacy of its accruals and related disclosures.   No   claims have been made, nor is the Company aware of any material uninsured liability which the Company may have, as it relates to any environmental cleanup, restoration or the violation of any rules or regulations. As of the filing date of this report, there were no material pending or overtly threatened legal actions against the Company of which it is aware. 
    
  Commitments 
    
  As previously disclosed in the 2015 Form 10-K, the Company has   two   purchase and transportation agreements to deliver fixed determinable quantities of crude oil. The first agreement went into effect during the second quarter of 2015 for   12,580   barrels per day over an initial   five   year term. Under the current terms of the contract, the anticipated shortfall in delivering the minimum volume commitments could result in potential deficiency payments of   $1.7   million for the remainder of 2016 and an aggregate   $44.8   million in deficiency payments for 2017 through April 2020, when the agreement expires. The future anticipated shortfall assumes current production forecasts that contemplate no future drilling and completion activity. The Company has incurred   $1.5   million as of September 30, 2016 in deficiency payments on the minimum volume commitments.    
    
  The second agreement became effective on November 1, 2016 for   15,000   barrels per day over an initial   seven   year term. Based on current production volumes with no future drilling activity, and the Company not designating any barrels to this commitment until May 2020, the anticipated shortfall in delivering the minimum volume commitments could result in potential deficiency payments of   $4.8 million   in 2016 and an aggregate   $165.2 million   in deficiency payments for 2017 through October 2023, when the agreement expires.   
    
  The actual amount of deficiency payments could vary depending on the outcome of the Company's ability to execute on its current liquidity strategies and future drilling. Due to continued low commodity prices, the suspension of drilling and completion activity, the Company intends to aggressively pursue restructuring the terms of these contracts, which could include among other items, altering the differential pricing and or committed volumes, and the associated deficiency fees for not meeting minimum volume commitments.  
    
  On July 31, 2012, the Company acquired leases to approximately   5,600   net acres in the Wattenberg Field from the State of Colorado, State Board of Land Commissioners. The Company paid approximately   $12.0   million at closing and   $12.0    
  
   11 

     Table of Contents  

million each subsequent year thereafter. During the second quarter of 2016, the Company made the final   $12.0   million payment, which caused release of the   $12.0   million letter of credit securing future payments.   
    
  There have been no other material changes from the commitments disclosed in the notes to the Company s consolidated financial statements included in the   2015   Form 10-K. 

NOTE 7 - STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 
    
  Restricted Stock under the Long Term Incentive Plan 
    
  The Company grants shares of restricted stock to directors, eligible employees and officers under its Long Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated ( LTIP ). Each share of restricted stock represents   one   share of the Company s common stock to be released from restriction upon completion of the vesting period. The awards typically vest in one-third increments over   three   years. Each share of restricted stock is entitled to a non-forfeitable dividend, if the Company were to declare one, and has the same voting rights as a share of the Company s common stock. Shares of restricted stock are valued at the closing price of the Company s common stock on the grant date and are recognized as general and administrative expense over the vesting period of the award. 
    
  Total expense recorded for restricted stock for the three month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $1.2 million   and   $2.5 million  , respectively, and   $5.3 million   and   $9.0 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. As of   September 30, 2016  , unrecognized compensation cost was   $5.5 million   and will be amortized through   2018  . 
    
  A summary of the status and activity of non-vested restricted stock for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   is presented below. 

Performance Stock Units under the Long Term Incentive Plan 
    
  The Company grants performance stock units ( PSUs ) to certain officers under its LTIP. The number of shares of the Company s common stock that may be issued to settle PSUs ranges from   zero   to   two   times the number of PSUs awarded. PSUs are determined at the end of each annual measurement period over the course of the   three  -year performance cycle in an amount up to two-thirds of the target number of PSUs that are eligible for vesting (such that an amount equal to   200%   of the target number of PSUs may be earned during the performance cycle) although no stock is actually awarded to the participant until the end of the entire three-year performance cycle. Any PSUs that have not vested at the end of the applicable measurement period are forfeited. The performance criterion for the PSUs is based on a comparison of the Company s total shareholder return ( TSR ) for the measurement period compared with the TSRs of a group of peer companies for the same measurement period. The TSR for the Company and each of the peer companies is determined by dividing (A)(i) the average share price for the last   30   trading days of the applicable measuring period, minus (ii) the average share price for the   30   trading days immediately preceding the beginning of the applicable measuring period, by (B) the average share price for the   30   trading days immediately preceding the beginning of the applicable measuring period. The number of earned shares of the Company's common stock will be calculated based on which quartile its TSR percentage ranks as of the end of the annual measurement period relative to the other companies in the comparator group. The fair value of each PSU is estimated at the date of grant using a Monte Carlo simulation, which results in an expected percentage of PSUs to be earned during the performance period. Compensation expense associated with PSUs is recognized as general and administrative expense over the measurement period. 

12 

Total expense recorded for PSUs for the three month period ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $0.3 million   and   $0.6 million  , respectively, and   $1.5 million   and   $2.0 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. As of   September 30, 2016  , there was   $1.9 million   of total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested PSUs to be amortized through   2018  . 
    
  A summary of the status and activity of PSUs for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   is presented below:   

  ____________________________ 
           (1) 
    The number of awards assumes that the associated performance condition is met at the target amount. The final number of shares of the Company s common stock issued may vary depending on the performance multiplier, which ranges from   zero   to   two  , depending on the level of satisfaction of the performance condition. 
       
  Long Term Incentive Plan Units 
    
  During the third quarter, the Company granted   2,808,558   of LTIP units ( units ) for a total fair value   $2.7   million, that will settle in shares of the Company's common stock upon vesting. The units vest in one-third increments over   three   years. The units contain a share price cap of   $26   that incrementally decreases the number of shares of the Company's common stock that will be released upon vesting if the Company's common stock were to exceed the share price cap.  
    
  Total expense recorded for the units for the three and nine month periods ended   September 30, 2016   was   $0.4 million  . As of   September 30, 2016  , there was   $2.0 million   of total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested units to be amortized through   2019  . 
    
  A summary of the status and activity of non-vested units for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   is presented below. 

NOTE     8     - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
    
  The Company follows fair value measurement authoritative guidance, which defines fair value, establishes a framework for using fair value to measure assets and liabilities, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. The authoritative accounting guidance defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The statement establishes a hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect the Company s assumptions of what market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. The hierarchy is broken down into three levels based on the reliability of the inputs as follows: 

Table of Contents  

Level 1: Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities 
    
  Level 2: Quoted prices in active markets for similar assets and liabilities, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and model-derived valuations whose inputs are observable or whose significant value drivers are observable 
    
  Level 3: Significant inputs to the valuation model are unobservable 
    
  Financial and non-financial assets and liabilities are to be classified based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment and may affect the valuation of the fair value of assets and liabilities and their placement within the fair value hierarchy levels. 
    
  The following tables present the Company s financial and non-financial assets and liabilities that were accounted for at fair value as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   and their classification within the fair value hierarchy: 

____________________________ 
           (1) 
    This represents a financial asset or liability that is measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 
              (2) 
    This represents non-financial assets that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis due to impairments. This is the fair value of the asset base that was subjected to impairment and may not reflect the entire asset balance as presented on the accompanying balance sheets. Please refer to the   Proved Oil and Gas Properties   and   Unproved Oil and Gas Properties   sections below for additional discussion. 
              (3) 
    This represents the revision to estimates of the asset retirement obligation, which is a non-financial liability that is measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. Please refer to the   Asset Retirement Obligation   section below for additional discussion. 
       
  Derivatives 
    
  Fair value of all derivative instruments are estimated with industry-standard models that consider various assumptions, including quoted forward prices for commodities, time value of money, volatility factors and current market and contractual prices for the underlying instruments, as well as other relevant economic measures. All valuations were compared against counterparty statements to verify the reasonableness of the estimate. The Company s commodity swaps are validated by observable transactions for the same or similar commodity options using the NYMEX futures index, and are designated as Level 2 within the valuation hierarchy. Presently, all of the Company's derivative arrangements are concentrated with   three   counterparties, all of which are lenders under the Company s revolving credit facility. 

14 

     Table of Contents  

Proved Oil and Gas Properties 
    
  Proved oil and gas property costs are evaluated for impairment and reduced to fair value when there is an indication that the carrying costs exceed the sum of the undiscounted cash flows. The Company uses Level 3 inputs and the income valuation technique, which converts future amounts to a single present value amount, to measure the fair value of proved properties through an application of risk-adjusted discount rates and price forecasts selected by the Company s management. The calculation of the risk-adjusted discount rate is a significant management estimate based on the best information available. Management believes that the risk-adjusted discount rate is representative of current market conditions and reflects the following factors: estimates of future cash payments, expectations of possible variations in the amount and/or timing of cash flows, the risk premium, and nonperformance risk. The price forecast is based on the NYMEX strip pricing, adjusted for basis differentials. Future operating costs are also adjusted as deemed appropriate for these estimates. Proved properties classified as held for sale are valued using a market approach, based on an estimated selling price, as evidenced by the most current bid prices received from third parties. If a relevant estimated selling price is not available, the Company utilizes the income valuation technique discussed above. There were   no   impairments recorded during the second or third quarters of 2016. The Company impaired the Mid-Continent region which had a carrying value of   $110.0 million   to its estimated fair value, based on the most recent bid the Company received, at the time it was held for sale of   $100.0 million   and recognized an impairment of   $10.0 million   during the first quarter of 2016. The Company impaired the Mid-Continent region, which had a carrying value of   $431.2 million  , to its fair value of   $110.0 million   and recognized an impairment of   $321.2 million   for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . The Company impaired the Rocky Mountain region, which had a carrying value of   $1.1 billion  , to its fair value of   $701.9 million   and recognized an impairment of   $419.3 million   for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Unproved Oil and Gas Properties 
    
  Unproved oil and gas property costs are evaluated for impairment and reduced to fair value when there is an indication that the carrying costs may not be fully recoverable. To measure the fair value of unproved properties, the Company uses Level 3 inputs and the income valuation technique, which takes into account the following significant assumptions: future development plans, risk weighted potential resource recovery, remaining lease life and estimated reserve values. Unproved properties classified as held for sale are valued using a market approach, based on an estimated selling price, as evidenced by the most current bid prices received from third parties. If a relevant estimated selling price is not available, the Company uses the price received for similar acreage in recent transactions by the Company or other market participants in the principal market. Due to leases expiring, the Company impaired non-core acreage in the Wattenberg Field, which had a carrying value of   $186.7 million  , to its fair value of   $162.2 million   and recognized an impairment of unproved properties of   $24.5 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . Due to leases expiring, the Company impaired non-core acreage in the Wattenberg Field, which had a carrying value of   $210.3 million  , to its fair value of   $185.5 million   and recognized an impairment of unproved properties for the year ended   December 31, 2015   of   $24.8 million  . The Company also fully impaired the North Park Basin in 2015, due to a change in the Company s development plan, recognizing an impairment of unproved properties of   $8.7 million  . 
    
  Asset Retirement Obligation 
    
  The Company utilizes the income valuation technique to determine the fair value of the asset retirement obligation liability at the point of inception by applying a credit-adjusted risk-free rate, which takes into account the Company s credit risk, the time value of money, and the current economic state, to the undiscounted expected abandonment cash flows. Upon completion of wells and natural gas plants, the Company records an asset retirement obligation at fair value using Level 3 assumptions. Given the unobservable nature of the inputs, the initial measurement of the asset retirement obligation liability is deemed to use Level 3 inputs. There were   no   asset retirement obligations measured at fair value as of   September 30, 2016  . The Company had   $2.0 million   of asset retirement obligations recorded at fair value as of   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Long-term Debt 

15 

     Table of Contents  

As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $500.0 million   of outstanding   6.75%   Senior Notes and   $300.0 million   of outstanding   5.75%   Senior Notes, all of which are unsecured senior obligations. The   6.75%   Senior Notes are recorded at cost, plus the unamortized premium and net deferred financing costs, on the accompanying balance sheets at   $498.3 million   and   $498.1 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The fair value of the   6.75%   Senior Notes as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was   $233.8 million   and   $301.3 million  , respectively. The   5.75%   Senior Notes are recorded at cost, net of deferred financing costs, on the accompanying balance sheets at   $295.1 million   and $  294.5 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The fair value of the   5.75%   Senior Notes as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was   $138.6 million   and   $163.1 million  , respectively. The Senior Notes are measured using Level 1 inputs based on a secondary market trading price. The Company s revolving credit facility approximates fair value as the applicable interest rates are variable. The outstanding balance under the revolving credit facility as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was   $229.3 million   and   $79.0 million  , respectively. 

NOTE 9 - DERIVATIVES 
    
  The Company enters into commodity derivative contracts to mitigate a portion of its exposure to potentially adverse market changes in commodity prices and the associated impact on cash flows. The Company s derivatives include oil swap arrangements and puts,   none   of which qualify as having hedging relationships for accounting purposes. During the first quarter of  2016, the Company converted its three-way collars into fixed price swaps and puts. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , and as of the filing date of this report, the Company had the following derivative commodity contracts in place: 

Derivative Assets Fair Value 
    
  The Company s commodity derivatives are measured at fair value and are included in the accompanying balance sheets as derivative assets. 
    
  The following table contains a summary of all the Company s derivative positions reported on the accompanying balance sheets as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

As of September 30, 2016 
      
    As of December 31, 2015 
        
    Balance Sheet Location 
      
    Fair Value 
      
    Fair Value 

(in thousands) 
      
    (in thousands) 
      Derivative Assets: 

Commodity contracts 
    Current assets 
      
    $ 
    2,093 

$ 
    29,566 
      
      Commodity contracts 
    Noncurrent assets 

Derivative Liabilities: 

Commodity contracts 
    Current liabilities 

Commodity contracts 
    Long-term liabilities 

Total derivative asset 

$ 
    2,093 

$ 
    29,566 

The following table summarizes the components of the derivative gain (loss) presented on the accompanying statements of operations: 
  
   16 

     Table of Contents  

_______________________________ 
           (1) 
    Total derivative gain (loss) and the derivative cash settlement gain for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   is reported in the derivative (gain) loss and derivative cash settlements line items on the accompanying statements of cash flows within the net cash provided by operating activities. 

NOTE 10      -     EARNINGS PER SHARE 
    
  The Company issues shares of restricted stock entitling the holders to receive non-forfeitable dividends, if and when, the Company was to declare a dividend, before vesting, thus making the awards participating securities. The awards are included in the calculation of earnings per share under the two-class method. The two-class method allocates earnings for the period between common shareholders and participating shareholders and losses to common shareholders only. 
    
  The Company issues units, which represent the right to receive, upon vesting, shares of the Company's common stock on a   one   to one basis up to a share price of   $26  . In the event the price of the Company's common stock were to exceed   $26  , the number of shares distributed would be adjusted downward so that the shares distributed would represent a value equivalent to   $26   per share.   
    
  The Company issues PSUs, which represent the right to receive, upon settlement of the PSUs, a number of shares of the Company s common stock that range from   zero   to   two   times the number of PSUs granted on the award date. The number of potentially dilutive shares related to PSUs and units is based on the number of shares, if any, that would be issuable at the end of the respective reporting period, assuming that date was the end of the measurement period applicable to such PSUs and units. Please refer to   Note     7-     Stock-Based Compensation   for additional discussion regarding these awards. 
    
  The following table sets forth the calculation of loss per basic and diluted shares for the   three and nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 

17 

     Table of Contents  

The Company was in a net loss position for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , which made any potentially dilutive shares anti-dilutive. There were   425,761   and   569,943   shares that were anti-dilutive for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  . There were   156,750   and   265,280   shares that were anti-dilutive for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. The participating shareholders are not contractually obligated to share in the losses of the Company, and therefore, the entire net loss is allocated to the outstanding common shareholders. 

NOTE 11 - INCOME TAXES 
    
  The Company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for deferred income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the temporary differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets or liabilities at the end of each period are determined using the tax rate in effect at that time. During the   three and nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2016  , the effective tax rate was   0.0%  , respectively.     During the   three and nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2015  , the effective tax rate was   37.8%   and   37.9%  , respectively. At December 31, 2015, a full valuation allowance was placed against the net deferred tax assets, which resulted in the Company s current tax rate differing from the U.S. statutory income tax rate.     
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had no unrecognized tax benefits. The Company s management does not believe that there are any new items or changes in facts or judgments that should impact the Company's tax position taken thus far in   2016  . Given the substantial net operating loss carry forward at the federal level, neither significant interest expense nor penalties charged for any examining agents  tax adjustments of income tax returns are anticipated, and any such adjustments would likely only adjust the Company's net operating loss carry forward. 

Item 2.    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
    
  The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as well as the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Executive Summary 
    
  We are a Denver-based energy company engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development, and production of onshore oil and associated liquids-rich natural gas in the United States. We went public in December of 2011 with our shares of common stock trading on the NYSE under the symbol  BCEI.  
    
  Our operations are focused in the Wattenberg Field in Colorado and the Dorcheat Macedonia Field in southern Arkansas. The Wattenberg Field is one of the premier oil and gas resource plays in the United States benefiting from a low cost structure and strong production efficiencies, established reserves and prospective drilling opportunities, which allows for predictable production and reserve growth.  
    
  Given the deterioration in the Company's liquidity since the first quarter of 2016, there is now substantial doubt regarding the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. In response, the Company is addressing its current liquidity concerns with the assistance of advisors by pursuing the following potential strategies: (i) a debt for equity exchange or (ii) a private secured financing transaction. The Company is also seeking to obtain waivers or amendments from its lenders. Please refer to the   Liquidity and Capital Resources   section below for additional discussion. With the exception of one vertical well drilled during the third quarter, we ceased all drilling at the end of the first quarter of 2016 and reduced our future operating and corporate costs.  
    
  Senior Management Changes  
    
  Anthony Buchanon, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, has resigned from the Company effective August 2, 2016. In conjunction with Mr. Buchanon s departure, Jeff Wojahn began serving as Senior Operations Advisor, in conjunction with his continued capacity as an independent non-executive director of the Company.  
  Additionally, effective October 28, 2016, Lynn E. Boone, the Company s Senior Vice President, Reserves, departed from the Company. 
  
   18 

     Table of Contents  

Effective October 1, 2016, the Company s board of directors promoted Scott Fenoglio, previously the Company s Vice President, Planning, to serve as the Company s Senior Vice President, Finance and Planning and principal financial officer.  
  Effective October 17, 2016, the Company s board of directors appointed Cyrus D. Marter IV to serve as the Company s Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary.  
  Financial and Operating Results 
  Our financial and operational results include: 
             
    Net loss of   $34.9 million   for the   third   quarter of 2016, as compared to a net loss of   $112.3 million   for the   third   quarter of   2015   due primarily to a decrease in impairments of oil and gas properties partially offset by a 2015 tax benefit; and 
        
  Outlook for Fourth Quarter 2016 
    
  Beginning in 2014, the oil and natural gas industry began to experience a sharp decline in commodity prices. Caused in part by global supply and demand imbalances and an oversupply of oil in the United States, the pricing declines have extended into 2016 and the timing of any rebound is uncertain. Low commodity prices resulted in a reduction of our revenues, profitability, cash flows, proved reserve values and our stock price.  
    
  We estimate capital expenditures for the fourth quarter of 2016 to range from $6.0 million to $8.0 million. With the exception of one vertical well drilled during the third quarter of 2016, we ceased our drilling program at the end of the first quarter of 2016 and do not have any active drilling planned for the remainder of 2016. The Company currently has six drilled and uncompleted horizontal wells in its inventory, consisting of four standard reach and two extended reach laterals. Until drilling and completion activity resumes, our production will decline in line with our normal decline curves, and we will experience further reductions in revenues, profitability and cash flows. The ultimate amount of capital we will expend may fluctuate materially based on, among other things, market conditions, commodity prices, consummation of restructuring strategies and further changes in the borrowing base under our revolving credit facility. 

Results of Operations 
    
  Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   Compared to   Three Months Ended September 30, 2015    
  
   19 

     Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes our revenues, sales volumes, and average sales prices for the periods indicated. 

_____________________________ 
           (1) 
    Determined using the ratio of 6 Mcf of natural gas to 1 Bbl of crude oil. 
              (2) 
    The derivatives economically hedge the price we receive for crude oil and natural gas. For the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the derivative cash settlement gain for oil contracts was   $4.3 million   and   $37.0 million  , respectively, and the derivative cash settlement gain for gas contracts was   zero   and   $0.7 million  , respectively. Please refer to   Note 9 - Derivatives   of Part I, Item 1 of this report for additional disclosures. 
         
  Revenues decreased by   32%  , to   $49.3 million  , for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $72.1 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015   largely due to a   28%   decrease in sales volumes, coupled with a   6%   decrease in oil equivalent pricing. The decreased volumes are a direct result of decreased drilling and completion activity during the fourth quarter of 2015, the first quarter of 2016, and suspension of drilling and completion activity at the beginning of the second quarter of 2016. During the period from   September 30, 2015   through   September 30, 2016  , we drilled   19   and completed   26   gross wells in the Rocky Mountain region and drilled   zero   and completed   2   gross wells in the Mid-Continent region, as compared to the period from   September 30, 2014   through   September 30, 2015  , where we drilled   99   and completed   103   gross wells in the Rocky Mountain region and drilled   31   and completed   33   gross wells in the Mid-Continent region. 

20 

     Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes our operating expenses for the periods indicated. 

Lease operating expense.    Our lease operating expense decreased   $7.3 million  , or   42%  , to   $9.9 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $17.2 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015   and decreased on an equivalent basis from   $6.44   per Boe to   $5.13   per Boe. The majority of the decrease is due to continued operating cost reductions along with decreased activity levels. The Company reduced operating costs and negotiated contract reductions resulting in decreased pumping and gauging costs of $0.5 million, compression costs of   $0.7 million   and well servicing costs of   $1.5 million   during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   when compared to the same period in   2015  . 
    
  Gas plant and midstream operating expense.    Our gas plant and midstream operating expense decreased   $0.2 million  , or   7%  , to   $2.9 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $3.1 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015   and increased on an equivalent basis from   $1.16   per Boe to   $1.49   per Boe. The increase on an equivalent basis is due to a greater decrease in sales volumes than in overall expense on a proportionate basis.  
  Severance and ad valorem taxes.    Our severance and ad valorem taxes increased   70%   to   $4.1 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $2.4 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . Severance and ad valorem taxes primarily correlate to revenue; however, we received a tax refund during the three months ended September 30, 2015, effectively causing the expense to decrease in 2015.  
    
  Exploration.    Our exploration expense decreased   $7.0 million   during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   when compared to the same period in   2015  . During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , we incurred   zero   exploration charges. During the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , we incurred   $6.8 million   of charges on wells for which we were unable to assign economic proved reserves relating to exploratory wells located in southern Arkansas.  
  
   21 

     Table of Contents  

Depreciation, depletion and amortization.    Our depreciation, depletion and amortization expense decreased   $31.3 million  , or   53%  , to   $27.3 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $58.6 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015   and decreased on an equivalent basis from   $22.01   per Boe to   $14.15   per Boe. The decrease is due primarily to a reduction in the net proved properties depletable base of approximately   41%   between the comparable periods.   
  Impairment of oil and gas properties.    Our impairment of oil and gas properties decreased   $166.8 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   when compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . There were   zero   impairment charges during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  . We impaired our Mid-Continent assets by $166.8 million to their fair value upon classification as assets held for sale during the three months ended   September 30, 2015  .  
  Abandonment and impairment of unproved properties.    Our abandonment and impairment of unproved properties increased   371%   to   $7.7 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   when compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The Company incurred   $7.7 million   and $1.6 million of impairment charges relating to non-core leases expiring within the Wattenberg Field during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015.  
    
  Unused commitments.    Our unused commitments increased to   1.7 million   for the three months ended    September 30, 2016   when compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The unused commitments expense in 2016 is a result of $1.0 million from deficiency payments for water commitments and $0.7 million from deficiencies on our purchase and transportation agreement. Please see the   Liquidity and Capital Resources   section of   Management's Discussion and Analysis   for additional discussion on our purchase and transportation agreements.  
    
  General and administrative.    Our general and administrative expense increased   5%  , to   $18.7 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $17.8 million   for the comparable period in   2015   and increased on an equivalent basis to   $9.68   per Boe from   $6.69   per Boe. The increase in general and administrative expense between comparable periods was due to advisory fees related to financing alternatives of $5.9 million. During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , we have experienced a decrease in salaries and wages, including related benefits, of   $3.3 million   and stock compensation of   $1.3 million   due to reductions in workforce that have occurred since   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  Derivative gain (loss).    Our derivative gain decreased   $35.7 million   to a   $2.2 million   gain for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   when compared to the same period in   2015  . The decrease is due to the reduction in hedged volumes and  contract prices decreasing at the time of conversion from three-way collars to swaps and puts at the end of the first quarter of 2016 bringing them closer to realized prices during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   when compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . Please refer to   Note 9 - Derivatives   above for additional discussion. 
    
  Interest expense.    Our interest expense for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   increased   8%  , to   $15.1 million   compared to   $14.1 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . Total interest expense is comprised primarily of interest expense attributable to the Senior Notes including amortization of the premium and financing costs, which was   $13.1 million   and $13.0 million for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Weighted-average debt outstanding for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $1.1 billion   as compared to   $862.0   million for the comparable period in   2015  . 
    
  Income tax benefit.   Our estimate for federal and state income tax benefit for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   was   zero   as compared to   $68.3 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . We are allowed to deduct various items for tax reporting purposes that are capitalized for purposes of financial statement presentation. Our effective tax rates for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were   0.0%   and   37.8%  , respectively  . At   December 31, 2015, a full valuation allowance was placed against the net deferred tax assets, which caused the Company s effective tax rate to differ from the U.S. statutory income tax rate.   

22 

     Table of Contents  

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015  
    
  The following table summarizes our revenues, sales volumes, and average sales prices for the periods indicated. 

_____________________________ 
           (1) 
    Determined using the ratio of 6 Mcf of natural gas to 1 Bbl of crude oil. 
              (2) 
    The derivatives economically hedge the price we receive for crude oil and natural gas. For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the derivative cash settlement gain for oil contracts was   $15.7 million   and   $86.3 million  , respectively, and the derivative cash settlement gain for gas contracts for the same periods was   zero   and   $2.0 million  , respectively. Please refer to   Note 9 - Derivatives   of Part I, Item 1 of this report for additional disclosures. 
               (4) 
    Natural gas sales includes $1.1 million and $0.4 million of gas gathering revenues from third parties, which do not have associated sales volumes, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
       
  Revenues decreased by   37%  , to   $148.0 million  , for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $235.6 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   largely due to a   23%   decrease in oil equivalent pricing, coupled with a   19%   decrease in sales volumes. The decreased volumes are a direct result of decreased drilling and completion activity during the fourth quarter of 2015, the first quarter of 2016, and suspension of drilling and completion activity at the beginning of the second quarter of 2016. During the period from   September 30, 2015   through   September 30, 2016  , we drilled   19   and completed   26   gross wells in the Rocky Mountain region and drilled   zero   and completed   2   gross wells in the Mid-Continent region, as compared to the period from   September 30, 2014   through   September 30, 2015  , where we drilled   99   and completed   103   gross wells in the Rocky Mountain region and drilled   31   and completed   33   gross wells in the Mid-Continent region. 

23 

     Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes our operating expenses for the periods indicated. 

Lease operating expense.    Our lease operating expense decreased   $17.8 million  , or   34%  , to   $33.9 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $51.7 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   and decreased on an equivalent basis from   $6.72   per Boe to   $5.42   per Boe. The decrease is due to continued operating costs reductions along with decreased activity levels. The Company reduced operating costs and negotiated contract reductions resulting in decreased pumping and gauging costs of   $2.1 million  , compression costs of   $3.1 million   and well servicing costs of   $7.4 million   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   when compared to the same period in   2015  . 
    
  Gas plant and midstream operating expense.    Our gas plant and midstream operating expense increased   $1.5 million  , or   17%  , to   $10.2 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $8.7 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   and increased on an equivalent basis from   $1.13   per Boe to   $1.63   per Boe. The increase in aggregate and on an equivalent basis is due to RMI's operations beginning during May of 2015.  
  Severance and ad valorem taxes.    Our severance and ad valorem taxes decreased   12%   to   $11.5 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $13.1 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . Severance and ad valorem taxes primarily correlate to revenue. Revenues decreased by   37%   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   when compared to the same period in   2015  , which was offset by a tax refund received during the third quarter of 2015. 
    
  Exploration.    Our exploration expense decreased   $12.3 million   to   $0.9 million   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   when compared to the same period in   2015  . During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we had minimal exploration charges. During the   nine   months ended September 30, 2015, we incurred charges for exploratory wells  
  
   24 

     Table of Contents  

located in the North Park Basin and southern Arkansas for $5.7 million and $6.8 million, respectively, for which we were unable to assign economic proved reserves.   
    
  Depreciation, depletion and amortization.    Our depreciation, depletion and amortization expense decreased   $103.0 million  , or   55%  , to   $84.6 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $187.6 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   and decreased on an equivalent basis from   $24.39   per Boe to   $13.52   per Boe. The decrease is due primarily to a reduction in the net proved properties depletable base of approximately   41%   between the comparable periods.   
    
  Impairment of oil and gas properties.    Our impairment of proved properties decreased   $156.8 million  , to   $10.0 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   when compared to the same period in   2015  . The Company impaired its Dorcheat Field by $10.0 million, based upon the most recent received bid during the first quarter of 2016, when it was held for sale. During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we impaired our Mid-Continent assets by $166.8 million to their fair value upon classification as assets held for sale.  
  Abandonment and impairment of unproved properties.    Our abandonment and impairment of unproved properties increased   13%   to   $24.5 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   when compared to the same period in 2015. The Company incurred   $24.5 million   and   $12.9 million   of impairment charges relating to non-core leases expiring within the Wattenberg Field during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $8.7 million   of impairment charges to fully impair the North Park Basin due to a strategic shift in our development plan during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  Unused commitments.    Our unused commitments increased to   $3.5 million   for the nine months ended    September 30, 2016   when compared to the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  . The unused commitments expense in 2016 is a result of $2.0 million from deficiency payments for water commitments and $1.5 million from deficiencies on our purchase and transportation agreement. Please see the   Liquidity and Capital Resources   section of   Management's Discussion and Analysis   for additional discussion on our purchase and transportation agreements.  
    
  General and administrative.    Our general and administrative expense decreased   12%  , to   $49.6 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $56.3 million   for the comparable period in   2015   and increased on an equivalent basis to   $7.93   per Boe from   $7.32   per Boe. The decrease between comparable periods in general and administrative expense was due to a reduction in workforce which resulted in a reduction of salaries and wages, including related benefits, of   $6.6 million  , accrued bonuses of   $2.0 million   and stock compensation of   $3.6 million  . These 2016 cost savings were offset by $5.9 million in advisory fees related to financing alternatives incurred during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  .  
    
  Derivative gain (loss).    Our derivative loss increased   $63.0 million   to a loss of   $11.7 million   for the   nine   month period ended   September 30, 2016   when compared to the same period in   2015  . The decrease is related to a reduction in hedged volumes and contract prices decreasing at the time of conversion from three-way collars to swaps and puts at the end of the first quarter of 2016 bringing them closer to realized prices during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   when compared to the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . Please refer to   Note 9 - Derivatives   above for additional discussion. 
    
  Interest expense.    Our interest expense for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   increased   8%  , to   $46.2 million   compared to   $42.8 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . Total interest expense is comprised primarily of interest expense attributable to the Senior Notes including amortization of the premium and financing costs, which was   $39.2 million    and $39.1 million for the   nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Weighted average debt outstanding for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $1.0 billion   as compared to   $836.0 million   for the comparable period in   2015  . 
    
  Income tax benefit.   Our estimate for federal and state income tax benefit for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   zero   as compared to   $104.8 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . We are allowed to deduct various items for tax reporting purposes that are capitalized for purposes of financial statement presentation. Our effective tax rates for the   nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were   0.0%   and   37.9%  , respectively  .   As of December 31, 2015, a full valuation allowance was placed against the net deferred tax assets, which caused the Company s effective tax rate to differ from the U.S. statutory income tax rate.   

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  Since the first quarter of 2016, the Company s liquidity outlook has deteriorated due to the Company's inability to sell assets given current market conditions and counterparty concerns about the Company's liquidity and current capital structure, borrowing base reductions that have occurred during 2016, continuation of depressed commodity prices and the inability to access the debt and capital markets. In addition, the Company s senior secured revolving credit agreement (the  revolving credit facility ) is subject to scheduled redeterminations of its borrowing base, semi-annually, as early as April and October of each year, based primarily on reserve report values using lender commodity price expectations at such time as well as other factors within the discretion of the lenders that are party to the revolving credit facility. 
    
  As a result of these and other factors, the following issues have adversely impacted the Company s ability to continue as a going concern: 
             
    the Company s ability to comply with financial covenants and ratios in its revolving credit facility and indentures has been affected by continued low commodity prices. Among other things, the Company is required under its revolving credit facility to maintain a minimum interest coverage ratio (the  minimum interest coverage ratio ) that must exceed   2.50   to   1.00  . Absent a waiver, amendment or forbearance agreement, failure to meet these covenants and ratios would result in an Event of Default (as defined in the revolving credit agreement) and, to the extent the applicable lenders so elect, an acceleration of the Company s existing indebtedness, causing such debt of   $229.3 million  , as of September 30, 2016, to be immediately due and payable. Based on the Company's financial results through the third quarter of 2016, it is no longer in compliance with its minimum interest coverage ratio requirement. The minimum interest coverage ratio is calculated by dividing trailing twelve-month EBITDAX by trailing twelve-month interest expense. If a waiver, amendment or forbearance agreement is not obtained, the applicable credit facility lenders could give notice of acceleration as a result of this non-compliance. The Company does not currently have adequate liquidity to repay all of its outstanding debt in full if such debt were accelerated; 
                
    because the revolving credit facility borrowing base was redetermined in May 2016 to   $200.0 million  , the Company was overdrawn by   $88.0 million   and has been making mandatory monthly repayments of approximately   $14.7 million  . The borrowing base was further reduced on October 31, 2016 to   $150.0 million  , which is less than the current amount drawn. Under the terms of the credit agreement, the Company has a   20  -day period from the date of redetermination to inform the bank group of its intended method to cure its deficiency. Please refer to   Note 5 - Long-Term Debt   for additional discussion on the Company's available options to cure its borrowing base deficiency. Depending on its election to cure the deficiency, the Company may not have sufficient cash on hand to be able to make the mandatory repayments associated with curing the deficiency at the time they are due;  
                
    the Company s ability to make interest payments as they become due and repay indebtedness upon maturities (whether under existing terms or as a result of acceleration) is impacted by the Company s liquidity. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had a   $29.3 million   borrowing base deficiency under its revolving credit facility and   $133.4 million   in cash and cash equivalents. As a result of the October 31, 2016 redetermination, the Company's borrowing base deficiency is   $64.7 million  , as of the date of filing; 
                
    the Company has   two   purchase and transportation agreements to deliver fixed determinable quantities of crude oil. The first agreement went into effect during the second quarter of 2015 for   12,580   barrels per day over an initial   five   year term. Based on current production estimates, assuming no future drilling and completion activity, the Company anticipates shortfalls in delivering the minimum volume commitments throughout the remainder of 2016. The Company has incurred   $1.5   million in minimum volume commitment deficiency payments as of September 30, 2016. Under the current terms of the contract, the anticipated shortfall in delivering the minimum volume commitments could result in potential deficiency payments of   $1.7   million for the remainder of 2016 and an aggregate   $44.8   million in deficiency payments for 2017 through April 2020, when the agreement expires. In accordance with an adequate assurance of performance provision contained in the contract, the counterparty withheld   $5.0   million from the Company's revenue payment during the third  
     
   25 

     Table of Contents  

quarter of 2016. This payment is being held in a segregated account and is reflected in the other noncurrent assets line item in the accompanying balance sheets. The second agreement became effective on November 1, 2016 for   15,000   barrels per day over an initial   seven   year term. Based on current production estimates, assuming no future drilling and completion activity, and not designating any barrels to this commitment until May 2020. Under the current terms of the contract, the anticipated shortfall in delivering the minimum volume commitments could result in potential deficiency payments of   $4.8 million   in 2016 and an aggregate   $165.2 million   in deficiency payments for 2017 through October 2023, when the agreement expires. The actual amount of deficiency payments could vary on both contracts depending on the outcome of the Company's ability to renegotiate and execute on one or more of its current liquidity strategies; and 
             
    if the Company is unable to obtain a waiver from or otherwise reach an agreement with the lenders under the revolving credit facility and the indebtedness under the revolving credit facility is accelerated, then an Event of Default (as defined in the underlying indentures) under the Company's   6.75%   Senior Notes due 2021 (   6.75%   Senior Notes ) and   5.75%   Senior Notes due 2023 (   5.75%   Senior Notes , collectively referred to as the  Senior Notes ) would occur. If an Event of Default occurs, the trustee or the holders of at least   25%   in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding notes, may declare the entire principal under the Senior Notes to be due and payable immediately. The Company made the October 15, 2016 interest payment of    $17.0   million, which included per diem default interest, on its   6.75%   Senior Notes to the indenture trustee within the   30  -day grace period allowed under the governing indenture. The revolving credit facility and Senior Notes have cross default clauses. 
       
  If lenders, and subsequently noteholders, accelerate the Company s outstanding indebtedness (  $1.0 billion   as of   September 30, 2016  ), it will become immediately due and payable. In the event of acceleration, the Company does not have sufficient liquidity to repay those amounts and would have to seek relief through a Chapter 11 Bankruptcy proceeding. Due to covenant violations, the Company classified the revolving credit facility and Senior Notes as current liabilities as of   September 30, 2016  .  
    
  The significant risks and uncertainties described above raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis of accounting, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of the going concern uncertainty. The Company is currently in discussions with various stakeholders, regarding a potential (i) debt for equity exchange or (ii) private secured financing transaction. The Company is also seeking to obtain waivers or amendments from its lenders. There can be no assurance that sufficient liquidity can be obtained from one or more of these actions or that these actions can be consummated within the period needed. 

As of   September 30, 2016  , our borrowing base was   $200.0 million  , of which we had   $229.3 million   outstanding on our revolving credit facility, resulting in a borrowing base deficiency of   $29.3 million  , and no available borrowing capacity. Please refer to   Note 5 - Long-term debt   above for additional discussion. As of the date of filing, our borrowing base was   $150.0 million  , resulting in a borrowing base deficiency of   $64.7 million  , and no available borrowing capacity. Our weighted-average interest rates (excluding amortization of deferred financing costs and the accretion of our contractual obligation for land acquisition) on borrowings from our revolving credit facility were   2.33%   and   1.69%  , respectively, for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . Our commitment fees were   $0.5 million   and   $1.5 million  , respectively, for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
    
  For the remainder of 2016, we have oil swaps and puts with quarterly volumes of   2,303   Bbls per day and   4,031   Bbls per day, respectively, with average fixed prices of    $52.83   per Bbl and   $51.01   per Bbl, respectively. Please refer to   Note 9 - Derivatives   above for a summary of derivatives in place and   Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks   below for additional discussion.   
    
  The following table summarizes our cash flows and other financial measures for the periods indicated. 
  
   26 

     Table of Contents  

Cash flows provided by operating activities 
    
  During the   nine   month period ended   September 30, 2016  , we generated   $30.6 million   of cash provided by operating activities, a decrease of   $142.9 million   from the comparable period in   2015  . The decrease in cash flows from operating activities resulted primarily from an $  87.6 million   decrease in revenues due to a   23%   decrease in oil equivalent pricing and a   19%   decrease in sales volumes and a   $72.6 million   decrease in derivative cash settlements during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . See   Results of Operations   above for more information on the factors driving these changes. 
    
  Cash flows used in investing activities 
    
  Net cash used in investing activities for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   decreased   $318.0 million   as compared to the same period in   2015  . For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , cash used for the development of oil and gas properties was   $47.5 million  , a significant decrease from our prior year drilling program due to lower commodity prices and liquidity constraints. For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , cash used for the acquisition of oil and gas properties was   $13.6 million   and cash used for the development of oil and gas properties was   $361.1 million  . 
    
  Cash flows provided by financing activities 
    
  Net cash provided by financing activities for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   decreased   $85.7 million   compared to the same period in   2015  . The decrease was primarily due to the difference in borrowings in excess of payments on our revolving credit facility increasing by   $114.3 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , when compared to the same period in 2015 offset by net proceeds from the sale of common stock of   $202.7 million   that occurred in 2015. 

New Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  Please refer to   Note 2   Basis of Presentation   under Part I, Item 1 of this report for any recently issued or adopted accounting standards. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
    
  Information regarding our critical accounting policies and estimates is contained in Part II, Item 7 of our   2015   Form 10-K. 

Effects of Inflation and Pricing 
    
  Inflation in the United States increased slightly over the past few years, which did not have a material impact on our results of operations for the periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . Although the impact of inflation has been relatively insignificant in recent years, it is still a factor in the United States economy and we tend to experience inflationary pressure on the cost of oilfield services and equipment as increasing oil and gas prices increase drilling activity in our areas of operations. Material changes in prices also impact the current revenue stream, estimates of future reserves, borrowing base calculations, depletion expense, impairment assessments of oil and gas properties, asset retirement obligations, and values of properties in purchase and sale transactions. Material changes in prices can impact the value of oil and gas companies and their ability to  
  
   27 

     Table of Contents  

raise capital, borrow money and retain personnel. Given that oil and gas prices remain depressed, we would anticipate that costs of materials and services to remain at the lower levels we have experienced in the last year. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  Currently, we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Contractual Obligations 
    
  There were no material changes in our contractual obligations and other commitments, other than what was disclosed in   Note 8 - Commitments and Contingencies,   as disclosed in our   2015   Form 10-K. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  
    
  This report contains various statements, including those that express belief, expectation or intention, as well as those that are not statements of historic fact, that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). When used in this report, the words  could,   believe,   anticipate,   intend,   estimate,   expect,   may,   continue,   predict,   potential,   project,   plan,   will,  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. 
    
  Forward looking statements include statements related to, among other things: 
             
    the Company s ability to continue as a going concern; 
                
    the Company's business, liquidity and restructuring strategies; 
                
    the Company s compliance with financial covenants and ratios under its revolving credit facility; 

the Company's ability to satisfy its purchase and transportation agreements and resulting deficiency payment obligations; 

the Company's ability to restructure its purchase and transportation commitments; 
                
    reserves estimates; 
                 
    amount and allocation of forecasted capital expenditures and plans for funding capital expenditures and operating expenses; 
                
    the Wattenberg Field being a premier oil and resource play in the United States; 
                
    anticipated continued reduction of costs of materials and services; 
                
    anticipated reduction of general and administrative expense and lease operating costs as a result of the measures taken in first quarter 2016 to reduce headcount; 
                
    ability to satisfy obligations related to ongoing operations; 
                
    impact of lower commodity prices; 
                
    plans to drill or participate in wells including the intent to focus in specific areas or formations; 
                
    our estimated revenues and losses; 
                
    the timing and success of specific projects; 
     
   28 

     Table of Contents  

outcomes and effects of litigation, claims and disputes; 
                
    impact of recently issued accounting pronouncements; 
                
    the Company s tax position and future tax adjustments; 
                
    our financial position; 
                
    the amount and availability of our borrowing base under our revolving credit facility and the effect of future borrowing base redeterminations; 
                
    our cash flow and liquidity; 
                
    our future production; 
                
    the ability of the Company to repay its indebtedness as it becomes due or upon acceleration, if any; 
                
    impact of commodity derivative positions;  
                
    the Company's outlook; and 
                
    other statements concerning our operations, economic performance and financial condition. 
       
  We have based these forward-looking statements on certain assumptions and analyses we have made in light of our experience and our perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments as well as other factors we believe are appropriate under the circumstances. They can be affected by inaccurate assumptions or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. Many such factors will be important in determining actual future results. The actual results or developments anticipated by these forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, and may not be realized or, even if substantially realized, may not have the expected consequences. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. 
    
  Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include, but are not limited to, the following:  
              
    further declines or volatility in the prices we receive for our oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas; 
                
    general economic conditions, whether internationally, nationally or in the regional and local market areas in which we do business; 
                
    ability of our customers to meet their obligations to us; 
                
    our ability to generate sufficient cash flow from operations, borrowings or other sources to enable us to fully develop our undeveloped acreage positions; 
                
    the presence or recoverability of estimated oil and natural gas reserves and the actual future sales volume rates and associated costs; 
                
    uncertainties associated with estimates of proved oil and gas reserves and, in particular, probable and possible resources; 
                
    the possibility that the industry may be subject to future local, state, and federal regulatory or legislative actions (including additional taxes and changes in environmental regulation); 
                
    environmental risks; 
                
    seasonal weather conditions; 
                
    lease stipulations; 
     
   29 

     Table of Contents  

drilling and operating risks, including the risks associated with the employment of horizontal drilling techniques; 
                
    our ability to acquire adequate supplies of water for drilling and completion operations; 
                
    availability of oilfield equipment, services and personnel; 
                
    exploration and development risks; 
                
    competition in the oil and natural gas industry; 
                
    management s ability to execute our plans to meet our goals; 
                
    risks related to our derivative instruments; 
                
    our ability to attract and retain key members of our senior management and key technical employees; 
                
    our ability to maintain effective internal controls; 
                
    access to adequate gathering systems and pipeline take-away capacity to provide adequate infrastructure for the products of our drilling program; 
                
    our ability to secure firm transportation for oil and natural gas we produce and to sell the oil and natural gas at market prices; 
                
    costs and other risks associated with perfecting title for mineral rights in some of our properties; 
                
    continued hostilities in the Middle East and other sustained military campaigns or acts of terrorism or sabotage; 
                
    our ability to execute any financial or transactional strategic alternatives;  
                
    availability of funds to operate our business if there is a significant further reduction in our borrowing base; and 
                
    other economic, competitive, governmental, legislative, regulatory, geopolitical and technological factors that may negatively impact our businesses, operations or pricing.  
       
  All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. We disclaim any obligation to update or revise these statements unless required by law, and you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Although we believe that our plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or suggested by the forward-looking statements we make in this report are reasonable, we can give no assurance that these plans, intentions or expectations will be achieved. We disclose important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our expectations under Part II, Item 1A.   Risk Factors   and Part II, Item 2.   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   and elsewhere in this report. These cautionary statements qualify all forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf.  
   
  Item 3.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
    
  Oil and Natural Gas Price Risk    
  Our financial condition, results of operations and capital resources are highly dependent upon the prevailing market prices of oil and natural gas. These commodity prices are subject to wide fluctuations and market uncertainties due to a variety of factors that are beyond our control. Factors influencing oil and natural gas prices include the level of global demand for oil and natural gas, the global supply of oil and natural gas, the establishment of, and compliance with, production quotas by oil exporting countries, weather conditions which determine the demand for natural gas, the price and availability of alternative fuels, local and global politics, and overall economic conditions. It is impossible to predict future oil and natural gas prices with any degree of certainty. Sustained weakness in oil and natural gas prices may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations, and may also reduce the amount of oil and natural gas reserves that we can produce economically. Any  
  
   30 

     Table of Contents  

reduction in our oil and natural gas reserves, including reductions due to price fluctuations, can have an adverse effect on our ability to obtain capital for our exploration and development activities. Similarly, any improvements in oil and natural gas prices can have a favorable impact on our financial condition, results of operations and capital resources. 
  Commodity Derivative Contracts    
  Our primary commodity risk management objective is to reduce volatility in our cash flows. We enter into derivative contracts for oil using NYMEX futures or over-the-counter derivative financial instruments with counterparties who we believe are well-capitalized and have been approved by our board of directors. 
  The use of financial instruments may expose us to the risk of financial loss in certain circumstances, including instances when (1) sales volumes are less than expected requiring market purchases to meet commitments, or (2) our counterparties fail to purchase the contracted quantities of oil or otherwise fail to perform. To the extent that we engage in derivative contracts, we may be prevented from realizing the benefits of favorable price changes in the physical market. However, we are similarly insulated against decreases in such prices. 
  Presently, all of our derivative arrangements are concentrated with   three   counterparties, all of which are lenders under our revolving credit facility. If these counterparties fail to perform their obligations, we may suffer financial loss or be prevented from realizing the benefits of favorable price changes in the physical market. 
  The result of oil market prices exceeding our swap prices requires us to make payment for the settlement of our derivatives, if owed by us, generally up to 15 business days before we receive market price cash payments from our customers. This could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows for the period between derivative settlement and payment for revenues earned. 
  Please refer to   Note 9 - Derivatives   of Part I, Item 1 of this report for a derivative summary table. 
  Interest Rates    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $229.3 million   outstanding under our revolving credit facility. Borrowings under our revolving credit facility bear interest at a fluctuating rate that is tied to an adjusted bank base rate or London Interbank Offered Rate, at our option. Any increases in these interest rates can have an adverse impact on our results of operations and cash flow. 
  Counterparty and Customer Credit Risk    
  In connection with our derivatives activity, we have exposure to financial institutions in the form of derivative transactions.   Three   lenders under our revolving credit facility are counterparties on our derivative instruments currently in place and have investment grade credit ratings. We expect that any future derivative transactions we enter into will be with these or other lenders under our revolving credit facility that will carry an investment grade credit rating. 
  We are also subject to credit risk due to concentration of our oil and natural gas receivables with certain significant customers. The inability or failure of our significant customers to meet their obligations to us or their insolvency or liquidation may adversely affect our financial results. We review the credit rating, payment history and financial resources of our customers, but we do not require our customers to post collateral. 
  Marketability of Our Production    
  The marketability of our production from the Mid-Continent and Rocky Mountain regions depends in part upon the availability, proximity and capacity of third-party refineries, access to regional trucking, pipeline and rail infrastructure, natural gas gathering systems and processing facilities. We deliver crude oil and natural gas produced from these areas through trucking services, pipelines and rail facilities that we do not own. The lack of availability or capacity on these systems and facilities could reduce the price offered for our production or result in the shut-in of producing wells or the delay or discontinuance of development plans for properties. 
  A portion of our production may also be interrupted, or shut in, from time to time for numerous other reasons, including as a result of accidents, field labor issues or strikes, or we might voluntarily curtail production in response to market conditions. If a substantial amount of our production is interrupted at the same time, it could adversely affect our cash flow. 
  
   31 

     Table of Contents  

There have not been material changes to the interest rate risk analysis or oil and gas price sensitivity analysis disclosed in our   2015   Form 10-K. 

Item 4.    Controls and Procedures. 
    
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures    
  Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of   September 30, 2016  . The term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of   September 30, 2016  , our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.  
  Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. To assist management, we have established an internal audit function to verify and monitor our internal controls and procedures. The Company s internal control system is supported by written policies and procedures, contains self-monitoring mechanisms and is audited by the internal audit function. Appropriate actions are taken by management to correct deficiencies as they are identified.  
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting    
  There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in management s evaluation pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
   
  PART II     -     OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1.    Legal Proceedings. 
    
  From time to time, we are subject to legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. Like other oil and gas producers and marketers, our operations are subject to extensive and rapidly changing federal and state environmental, health and safety and other laws and regulations governing air emissions, wastewater discharges, and solid and hazardous waste management activities. As of the date of this filing, there are no material pending or overtly threatened legal actions against us of which we are aware. 

Item 1A.    Risk Factors.  
    
  Our business faces many risks. Any of the risk factors discussed in this report or our other SEC filings could have a material impact on our business, financial position or results of operations. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also impair our business operation. For a discussion of other potential risks and uncertainties, see the information in Part I, Item 1A., Risk Factors, in our 2015 Form 10-K. There have been no material changes to our risk factors from those described in our 2015 Form 10-K, except for the following: 
  Due to our significant liquidity concerns and our ability to comply with all of our restrictive covenants contained in our revolving credit agreement, there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for the next twelve months.  
  Based on our financial results through the third quarter of 2016, the Company is out of compliance with one of its financial covenants and ratios under its revolving credit facility. If the Company is unable to obtain a waiver or other suitable relief from the lenders, an Event of Default (as defined in the revolving credit facility) would result and the lenders could accelerate the outstanding indebtedness, making it immediately due and payable. If the indebtedness under the revolving credit facility is accelerated, then an Event of Default (as defined by the indentures governing the Senior Notes) under the Company's  
  
   32 

     Table of Contents  

Senior Notes would occur, which, if it continues beyond any applicable cure periods, would, to the extent declared by the trustee or the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding notes, result in the entire principal under the Senior Notes being due and payable immediately.  If lenders, and subsequently noteholders, accelerate the Company s outstanding indebtedness (  $1.0 billion   as of   September 30, 2016  ), such indebtedness will become immediately due and payable, and the Company will not have sufficient liquidity to repay those amounts. 
    
  Absent completion of certain actions that are not solely within our control, we do not expect our forecasted cash and credit availability to be sufficient to meet our commitments as they come due over the next twelve months nor do we expect to be in a position to cure our current covenants defaults within the applicable cure period, absent of a waiver, or otherwise, remain in compliance with other restrictive covenants contained in our credit agreements unless those requirements are amended further. The uncertainty associated with our ability to repay our outstanding debt obligations as they become due raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.  The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of the going concern uncertainty. In order to continue as a going concern, we will need to (i) sell additional assets, (ii) restructure our debt, (iii) minimize our capital expenditures, (iv) obtain waivers or amendments from our lenders, (v) effectively manage our expenses and working capital and/or (vi) improve our cash flows from operations. Completion of the foregoing actions is not solely within our control, and we may be unable to successfully complete one or all of these actions. Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the basis of a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. If we become unable to continue as a going concern, we may find it necessary to file a voluntary petition for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in order to provide us additional time to identify an appropriate solution to our financial situation and implement a plan of reorganization aimed at improving our capital structure. See   Note 2 - Basis of Presentation - Going Concern Uncertainty   to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1of this report.  
  Our short-term liquidity is constrained, and could severely impact our cash flow and our development of our properties. 
  Currently, our principal sources of liquidity are cash flow from our operations and borrowings under our revolving credit facility. As part of our regularly scheduled October 2016 borrowing base redetermination, our revolving credit facility borrowing base and commitment amounts were reduced to $150.0 million from $200.0 million. As of the date of filing, the Company had   $214.7 million   outstanding under the revolving credit facility and had a borrowing base deficiency of   $64.7 million  , with no additional available borrowing capacity. This reduction has resulted in our liquidity being severely limited. Furthermore, in the absence of the execution upon one or more of our current liquidity strategies, we expect that the borrowing base will be further reduced during the next semiannual redetermination. As the borrowing base of our revolving credit facility becomes further limited, we may not be able to fund our operations and drilling activities and pay the interest on our debt, which could result in our defaulting under our various debt instruments and possibly seeking bankruptcy protection. 
    
  Our substantial indebtedness, liquidity issues and the potential for restructuring transactions may impact our business, financial condition and operations.    
    
  Due to our substantial indebtedness, liquidity issues and the potential for the Company to undergo a restructuring, there is risk that, among other things:  
             
    third parties  confidence in our ability to explore and produce oil and natural gas could erode, which could impact our ability to execute on our business strategies; 

it may become more difficult to retain, attract or replace key employees; 

employees could be distracted from the performance of their duties or more easily attracted to other career opportunities; and 

our suppliers, firm transportation counterparties, hedge counterparties, vendors and service providers could renegotiate the terms of our arrangements, terminate their relationship with us or require financial assurances from us.  
       
  The occurrence of certain of these events has already negatively affected our business and may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.  

Item 2.    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 

33 

     Table of Contents  

Unregistered sales of securities  . There were no sales of unregistered equity securities during the three month period ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Issuer purchases of equity securities  .  The following table contains information about acquisitions of our equity securities during the three month period ended   September 30, 2016  . 

____________________________________________________________________________ 
           (1) 
    Represent shares that employees surrendered back to us that equaled in value the amount of taxes required for payroll tax withholding obligations upon the vesting of restricted stock awards and performance stock units. These repurchases were not part of a publicly announced plan or program to repurchase shares of our common stock, nor do we have a publicly announced plan or program to repurchase shares of our common stock. 
       
  Our revolving credit facility and Senior Notes provide for restrictions on the payment of certain dividends. 

Item 3.    Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
    
  None. 

Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures. 
    
  Not applicable. 

Item 5.    Other Information.  
    
  None. 
  
   34 

Table of Contents  

Item 6.    Exhibits. 
    
                   Exhibit 
  No. 
         
    Description of Exhibit 
      10.1 * 
      
    Employment Letter Agreement dated September 28, 2016 between the Company and Scott A. Fenoglio 

10.2 * 
      
    Second Amended and Restated Change in Control and Severance Plan 

31.1  
      
    Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 

31.2  
      
    Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 

32.1  
      
    Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 

32.2  
      
    Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 

101  
      
    The following materials from the Bonanza Creek Energy, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) include (i) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (iv) Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text. 

Filed or furnished herewith 
  *           Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement 
  
   35 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

BONANZA CREEK ENERGY, INC. 

Date: 
    November 9, 2016 
         
    By: 
    /s/ Richard J. Carty 

Richard J. Carty 

President     and     Chief Executive Officer 

(principal executive officer) 

By: 
    /s/ Scott A. Fenoglio 

Scott A. Fenoglio 

Senior Vice President, Finance   Planning  

(principal financial officer) 

By: 
    /s/ Wade E. Jaques 

Wade E. Jaques 

Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 

(principal accounting officer) 

36 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ex10193016.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.1 

September 28, 2016 

Scott Fenoglio - Hand Delivered 
    
  Re: Promotion     
    
  Dear Scott: 
    
  Thank you for your continued service to Bonanza Creek Energy, Inc. (the  Company ).  The Company is pleased to confirm your promotion to the position of Senior Vice President, Finance   Planning, reporting to me, effective October 1, 2016.  Your direct reports will be: Wade Jaques, Scott Landreth, and John Wren. 
    
  Here are further details related to this promotion: 

An annual salary of $275,000 to be paid on a bi-weekly basis, subject to all withholdings, taxes, and deductions; 

Continued participation in the Company s Short Term Incentive Program (the  STIP ) administered at the discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company.  The STIP has been designed to supplement your base salary and provide a year-over-year short term incentive cash bonus payment opportunity if and when the Company meets or exceeds its goals and you meet your individual goals.  We expect that your  target  cash bonus opportunity for 2017 will be equal to 75% of your base salary, based on Company performance achievement as well as individual performance.  Your 2016 cash bonus will be pro-rated to take into account your varied base salary and STIP target levels as Vice President, Planning and your new role as Senior Vice President, Finance   Planning; 

Continued participation in the Company s Executive Change in Control and Severance Plan, as amended (the  Severance Plan ).  Coincident with your promotion, your status under the Severance Plan will change from a Tier 4 Executive to a Tier 3 Executive (as those terms are defined in the Severance Plan); 

Continued participation in the Company s Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Program ( LTIP ), subject to the terms and conditions of the LTIP and the award agreement(s) to be entered into thereunder, at the discretion of the Company s Compensation Committee and Board of Directors; 

Continued participation in the Company s No Tracking Vacation Program; ten (10) days sick leave annually; and eleven (11) paid holidays per year, all in accordance with the Company s benefits policy;       

Option to participate or continued participation in the Company s 401(k) Plan, in accordance with such plan; currently the Company provides matching contributions of 6% of W-2 income, which amount may be amended from time to time in accordance with the terms of the 401(k) Plan; 

Option to participate or continued participation in the Company s health insurance plans upon your election subject to the terms and conditions of the plans; and 

Option to participate or continued participation in the Company s flexible benefit plan (Section 125 Plan). 
       
  The Board may modify compensation and benefits from time to time in its sole discretion as it deems necessary.   

The terms and conditions of employment set forth in this Employment Letter remain subject to your previously executed Employee Restrictive Covenants, Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement. You will continue to be expected to abide by the Company s rules and regulations, as such may be modified by the Company from time to time.   
    
  Nothing in this offer letter is intended or should be construed as a contract of employment or agreement to any specified term of employment.  Your employment with the Company is at-will.  You may terminate your employment with the Company at any time and for any reason whatsoever simply by notifying the Company.  Likewise, the Company may terminate your employment at any time and for any reason whatsoever, with or without cause or advance notice.   
    
  The Company may in the future decide to hire a Chief Financial Officer or a similar executive-level officer.  In such event, you may begin reporting to such a new officer rather than to the President and Chief Executive Officer, and some portion of your authority, duties, or responsibilities may transfer to such officer.  You hereby agree that any such hiring and associated change in your authority, duties, responsibilities, or reporting lines shall not, in and of themselves, constitute or otherwise serve as a basis for a finding of Good Reason (as that term is defined and used under the Severance Plan). 
    
  Scott, we would be extremely pleased to have you assume this role for the Company.  Please respond to me with your decision by September 30, 2016.  If you accept the terms of employment outlined in this letter, please execute where indicated below and return to me.   
    
  If you have any questions or need additional information, please feel free to contact me.  I very much look forward to working with you. 
    
  Acknowledged and Agreed: 
    /s/ Richard J. Carty 
  Richard J. Carty 
                        President   CEO 

September 28, 2016                    /s/ Scott Fenoglio 
  Dated                        Scott Fenoglio 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 ex10293016.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.2 

BONANZA CREEK ENERGY, INC. 
  SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED EXECUTIVE CHANGE IN CONTROL  
  AND SEVERANCE PLAN 
    
  1.  Purpose and Effective Date  .  Bonanza Creek Energy, Inc. (the    Company   ) has adopted this Second Amended and Restated Executive Change in Control and Severance Benefit Plan (this    Plan   ) to provide for the payment of severance or change in control benefits to Eligible Individuals (as defined below).  The Plan was approved by the Board of Directors of the Company (the    Board   ) to be effective as of September 26, 2016 (the    Effective Date   ). 
    
  2.  Definitions  .  For purposes of this Plan, the terms listed below will have the meanings specified herein: 
    
  (a)     Accrued Obligations    means (i) payment to an Eligible Individual of all earned but unpaid Base Salary through the Date of Termination prorated for any partial period of employment; (ii) payment to an Eligible Individual, in accordance with the terms of the applicable benefit plan of the Company or its Affiliates or to the extent required by law, of any benefits to which such Eligible Individual has a vested entitlement as of the Date of Termination; (iii) payment to an Eligible Individual of any accrued unused vacation; and (iv) payment to an Eligible Individual of any approved but not yet reimbursed business expenses incurred in accordance with applicable policies of the Company and its Affiliates, including this Plan. 
    
  (b)     Administrator    means the Board or a person or committee appointed by the Board to administer this Plan. 
    
  (c)  Affiliate    means (i) with respect to the Company, any person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company and any predecessor to any such entity;   provided      however  , that a natural person shall not be considered an Affiliate; and (ii) with respect to an Eligible Individual, any person that directly, or through one or more intermediaries, is controlled by such Eligible Individual or members of such Eligible Individual s immediate family. 
    
  (d)     Base Salary    shall mean an Eligible Individual s annual base salary as of a Notice of Termination (without regard to any reduction in such Base Salary which constitutes Good Reason). 
    
  (e)     Cause    means any of the following: 
    
  (i)  an Eligible Individual has failed or refused to substantially perform such Eligible Individual s duties, responsibilities or authorities (other than any such refusal or failure resulting from such Eligible Individual s becoming Disabled); 
    
  (ii)  any commission by or indictment of by an Eligible Individual of a felony or crime of moral turpitude; 
    
  (iii)  an Eligible Individual has engaged in material misconduct in the course and scope of such Eligible Individual s employment with the Company, including, but not limited to, gross incompetence, disloyalty, disorderly conduct, insubordination, harassment of other employees or third parties, chronic abuse of alcohol or unprescribed controlled substances, improper disclosure of confidential information, chronic and unexcused absenteeism, improper appropriation of a corporate opportunity or any other material violation of the Company s personnel policies, rules or codes of conduct or any fiduciary duty owed to the Company or its Affiliates, or any applicable law or regulation to which the Company or its Affiliates are subject; 
    
  (iv)  an Eligible Individual has committed any act of fraud, embezzlement, theft, dishonesty, misrepresentation or falsification of records; or 

1 

(v)  an Eligible Individual has engaged in any act or omission that is likely to materially damage the Company s business, including, without limitation, damages to the Company s reputation. 
    
  (f)     Change in Control    means: 
    
  (i)  the acquisition by any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Sections 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) (a    Person   ) of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of 50% or more of either (A) the then outstanding shares of common stock of the Company (the    Outstanding Company Common Stock   ) or (B) the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the    Outstanding Company Voting Securities      provided,     however,   that the following acquisitions by a Person shall not constitute a Change in Control: (I) any acquisition directly from the Company; (II) any acquisition by the Company; (III) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any corporation controlled by the Company; or (IV) any acquisition by any corporation pursuant to a transaction which complies with clauses (A), (B), and (C) of Section 1(f)(iii) below; 
    
  (ii)  the individuals who, as of the later of the date of the Effective Date or the last amendment to this Plan approved by the Board, constitute the Board (the    Incumbent Board   ) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board.  Any individual becoming a director subsequent to the later of the Effective Date or the date of the last amendment to this Plan approved by the Board whose election, or nomination for election by the Company s stockholders, is approved by the vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board will be considered a member of the Incumbent Board as of the later of the Effective Date or the last amendment to the date of this Plan approved by the Board, but any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Incumbent Board will not be deemed a member of the Incumbent Board as of the later of the Effective Date or the date of the last amendment to this Plan approved by the Plan; 
    
  (iii)  the consummation of a reorganization, merger, consolidation or sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (a    Business Combination   ), unless following such Business Combination:  (A) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and the Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock (or, for a non-corporate entity, equivalent securities) and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, as the case may be, of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a corporation which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Company s assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such Business Combination of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be, (B) no Person (excluding any corporation resulting from such Business Combination or any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or such corporation resulting from such Business Combination) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 30% or more of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock (or, for non- corporate entity, equivalent securities) of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination or the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of such corporation except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination and (C) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board, providing for such Business Combination; or 
    
  (iv)  the approval by the stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company. 
    
  (g)     CIC Effective Date    means the date upon which a Change in Control occurs.  

2 

(h)     COBRA    means the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended from time to time. 
    
  (i)     Code    means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 
    
  (j)     Date of Termination    means (i) if the Eligible Individual s employment with the Company and its Affiliates is terminated by death, the date of such Eligible Individual s death; (ii) if the Eligible Individual s employment is terminated because of the Eligible Individual becoming Disabled, then 30 days after the Notice of Termination is given; or (iii) if (A) the Eligible Individual s employment is terminated by the Company or any of its Affiliates with or without Cause or (B) the Eligible Individual s employment by the Eligible Individual with or without Good Reason, then, in each case, the date specified in the Notice of Termination, which shall comply with the applicable notice requirements set forth herein.  Transfer of employment between and among the Company and its Affiliates, by itself, shall not constitute a termination of employment for purposes of this Plan.   
    
  (k)     Disability    or    Disabled    as it relates to an Eligible Individual means when such Eligible Individual (i) receives disability benefits under either Social Security or the applicable long- term disability plan of the Company or its Affiliates, if any, or (ii) the Administrator, upon the written report of a qualified physician designated by the Administrator or the insurer of the applicable long-term disability plan of the Company or its Affiliates, shall have determined (after a complete physical examination of the Eligible Individual at any time after he has been absent from employment with the Company or its Affiliates for 90 or more consecutive calendar days) that such Eligible Individual has become physically and/or mentally incapable of performing such Eligible Individual s essential job functions with or without reasonable accommodation as required by law due to injury, illness, or other incapacity (physical or mental). 
    
  (l)     Employee Restrictive Covenants, Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement    means that certain Employee Restrictive Covenants, Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement or, with respect to a Tier 5 Key Employee, that certain Employee Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement, as applicable, executed by an Eligible Individual. 
    
  (m)     Exchange Act    means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
    
  (n)     Good Reason    shall exist in the event any of the following actions are taken without an Eligible Individual s consent: 
    
  (i)  such Eligible Individual s authority with Company or its Affiliates is, or such Eligible Individual s duties or responsibilities based on such Eligible Individual s job title or job description are, materially diminished relative to such Eligible Individual s authority, duties and responsibilities as in effect immediately prior to such change, provided, however, that in no event shall removal of such Eligible Individual from the position of manager, director or officer of any direct or indirect Affiliate of the Company in connection with any corporate restructuring constitute Good Reason; 
    
  (ii)  a reduction in such Eligible Individual s annual base salary as in effect immediately prior to reduction in an amount of 10% or more; 
    
  (iii)  a relocation of such Eligible Individual s primary work location more than 50 miles away from the then-current primary work location; or 
    
  (iv)  any material breach by the Company of any provision of this Plan or other material agreement between the Company and the Eligible Individual. 
    
  (o)     LTIP    means the Company s 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan, as amended. 
    
  (p)     Notice of Termination    means a notice that indicates the specific termination provision in this Plan relied upon and sets forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for  
  
   3 

termination under the provision so indicated; provided, however, that any failure to provide such detail shall not delay the effectiveness of the termination. 
    
  (q)     Post Termination Obligations    means any obligations owed by an Eligible Individual to the Company or any of its Affiliates which survive such Eligible Individual s employment with the Company or its Affiliates, including, without limitation, those obligations and restrictive covenants (including covenants not to compete and not to solicit) set forth in such Eligible Individual s Employee Restrictive Covenants, Proprietary Information and Invention Agreement. 
    
  (r)     Section 409A    means Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and administrative guidance issued thereunder. 
    
  (s)     Section 4999    means Section 4999 of the Code. 
    
  (t)     Separation from Service    shall mean a  separation from service  as such term is defined for purposes of Section 409A. 
    
  (u)     Severance Obligations    means (i) in the Case of a Tier 1 Executive, those Severance Obligations identified in Section 5(b)(i)(1)-(4) of this Plan; (ii) in the case of a Tier 2 Executive, those Severance Obligations identified in Section 5(b)(ii)(1)-(4) of this Plan; (iii) in the case of a Tier 3 Executive, those Severance Obligations identified in Section 5(b)(iii)(1)-(4) of this Plan; (iv) in the case of a Tier 4 Executive, those Severance Obligations identified in Section 5(b)(iv)(1)-(4) of this Plan; and (v) in the case of a Tier 5 Key Employee, those Severance Obligations identified in Section 5(b)(v)(1)-(4). 
    
  (v)     Severance Obligation Period    means (i) in the case of a Tier 1 Executive, the period beginning on the Date of Termination ending 3 years thereafter; (ii) in the case of a Tier 2 Executive, the period beginning on the Date of Termination and ending 2.5 years thereafter; (iii) in the case of a Tier 3 Executive, the period beginning on the Date of Termination and ending 2 years thereafter; (iv) in the case of a Tier 4 Executive, the period beginning on the Date of Termination and ending 1 year thereafter; and (v) in the case of a Tier 5 Key Employee, the period beginning on the Date of Termination and ending 9 months thereafter. 
    
  (w)     STIP    means the Company s Short Term Incentive Program. 
    
  (x)     Tier 1 Executive    means an Eligible Individual identified as a  Tier 1 Executive  in accordance with   Exhibit A   attached hereto. 
    
  (y)     Tier 2 Executive    means an Eligible Individual identified as a  Tier 2 Executive  in accordance with   Exhibit A   attached hereto. 
    
  (z)     Tier 3 Executive    means an Eligible Individual identified as a  Tier 3 Executive  in accordance with   Exhibit A   attached hereto. 
    
  (aa)     Tier 4 Executive    means an Eligible Individual identified as a  Tier 4 Executive  in accordance with   Exhibit A   attached hereto. 
    
  (ab)     Tier 5 Key Employee    means an Eligible Individual identified as a  Tier 5 Key Employee  in accordance with   Exhibit A   attached hereto. 
    
  (ac)     Tier    means the level at which an Eligible Individual is identified immediately prior to the Eligible Individual s termination of employment (without regard to any reduction in such Tier which constitutes Good Reason). 

4 

3.  Administration of the Plan  . 
    
  (a)  Authority of the Administrator.    This Plan will be administered by the Administrator.  Subject to the express provisions of this Plan and applicable law, the Administrator will have the authority, in its sole and absolute discretion, to: (i) adopt, amend, and rescind administrative and interpretive rules and regulations related to this Plan, (ii) delegate its duties under this Plan to such agents as it may appoint from time to time, and (iii) make all other determinations, perform all other acts and exercise all other powers and authority necessary or advisable for administering this Plan, including the delegation of those ministerial acts and responsibilities as the Administrator deems appropriate.  The Administrator shall have complete discretion and authority with respect to this Plan and its application except to the extent that discretion is expressly limited by this Plan.  The Administrator may correct any defect, supply any omission, or reconcile any inconsistency in this Plan in any manner and to the extent it deems necessary or desirable to carry this Plan into effect, and the Administrator will be the sole and final judge of that necessity or desirability. The determinations of the Administrator on the matters referred to in this Section 3(a) will be final and conclusive. 
    
  (b)  Manner of Exercise of Authority  .  Any action of, or determination by, the Administrator will be final, conclusive and binding on all persons, including the Company, the Company s Affiliates, the Board, the stockholders of the Company, each Eligible Individual, or other persons claiming rights from or through an Eligible Individual.  The express grant of any specific power to the Administrator, and the taking of any action by the Administrator, will not be construed as limiting any power or authority of the Administrator. The Administrator may delegate to officers of the Company, or committees thereof, the authority, subject to such terms as the Administrator will determine, to perform such functions, including administrative functions, as the Administrator may determine.  The Administrator may appoint agents to assist it in administering this Plan. 
    
  (c)  Limitation of Liability  .  The Administrator will be entitled to, in good faith, rely or act upon any report or other information furnished to the Administrator by any officer or employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates, the Company s legal counsel, independent auditors, consultants or any other agents assisting in the administration of this Plan.  The Administrator and any officer or employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates acting at the direction or on behalf of the Administrator will not be personally liable for any action or determination taken or made in good faith with respect to the Plan and will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be indemnified and held harmless by the Company with respect to any such action or determination. 
    
  4.  Eligibility  .  Each employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates eligible to receive the benefits described in this Plan as designated by the Administrator (collectively the    Eligible Individuals    and each an    Eligible Individual    provided, that any individual who is entitled to severance or change in control benefits pursuant to a separate written agreement between the Company (or one of its Affiliates) and the individual shall not be an Eligible Individual. 
    
  5.  Plan Benefits  . 
    
  (a)  Payment of Accrued Obligations.    In the event an Eligible Individual s Date of Termination occurs for any reason, such Eligible Individual shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Obligations.  Participation in all benefit plans of the Company and its Affiliates will terminate upon an Eligible Individual s Date of Termination except as otherwise specifically provided in the applicable plan. 
    
  (b)  Severance Obligations.    In the event an Eligible Individual s employment with the Company and its Affiliates is terminated by death, for Disability, by the Company or one of its Affiliates without Cause or by such Eligible Individual resigning such Eligible Individual s employment for Good Reason, the Company (or the Affiliate of the Company that is the employer of the Eligible Individual immediately prior to termination) shall provide Severance Obligations set forth below, provided that the conditions of Sections 5(c) and 8 of this Plan have been fulfilled.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that an Eligible Individual s Date of Termination occurs by reason of the Eligible Individual s refusal to accept an offer of employment (including continued employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates) in connection with a Change in Control or other corporate transaction and if such offer of  
  
   5 

employment would not constitute a basis for a Good Reason termination, then the Eligible Individual shall not be entitled to Severance Obligations under the Plan. 
    
  (i)  Tier 1 Executives  .  The Severance Obligations to a Tier 1 Executive shall be as follows: 
    
  (1)  on the first business day 60 days after the Date of Termination, payment of a lump sum cash payment equal to 3 years of such Tier 1 Executive s then current Base Salary as of the Date of Termination, subject to applicable taxes and withholdings; 
    
  (2)  on the first business day 60 days after the Date of Termination, payment of a lump sum cash payment equal to 300% of the greater of (A) the annual average of any bonuses received by such Tier 1 Executive from the Company pursuant to the STIP in the 2 calendar years immediately before the Date of Termination and (B) such Tier 1 Executive s current  target  bonus amount, subject to applicable taxes and withholdings; 
    
  (3)  immediately prior to the Date of Termination, immediate vesting of all equity incentives then held by such Tier 1 Executive pursuant to the LTIP, Management Incentive Plan or otherwise, with payment of such equity incentives payable in accordance with the applicable award agreement; provided that any such equity incentives that vest or are earned based on both continued employment and the achievement of performance goals shall continue to vest or be earned upon achievement of such performance goals, notwithstanding the Date of Termination; and 
    
  (4)  if and to the extent permitted under applicable law and without additional cost or penalty to the Company or the Tier 1 Executive, during the portion, if any, of the 18- month period, commencing as of the date such Tier 1 Executive is eligible to elect and timely elects to continue coverage for such Tier I Executive and such Tier 1 Executive s eligible dependents under the Company s or an Affiliate s group health plan pursuant to COBRA or similar state law, the Company (or the Affiliate of the Company that is the Eligible Individual s employer immediately prior to termination) shall reimburse such Tier 1 Executive for the difference between the amount such Tier 1 Executive pays to effect and continue such coverage and the employee contribution amount that active senior executive employees of the Company or its applicable Affiliate pay for the same or similar coverage, with any such reimbursement payable for the 60 day period immediately following the Date of Termination being payable on the first business day 60 days following the Date of Termination and any other such reimbursement payable being paid on a monthly basis thereafter. 
    
  (ii)  Tier 2 Executives  .  The Severance Obligations to a Tier 2 Executive shall be as follows: 
    
  (1)  on the first business day 60 days after the Date of Termination, payment of a lump sum cash payment equal to 2.5 years of such Tier 2 Executive s then current Base Salary as of the Date of Termination, subject to applicable taxes and withholdings; 
    
  (2)  on the first business day 60 days after the Date of Termination, payment of a lump sum cash payment equal to 250% of the greater of (A) the annual average of any bonuses received by such Tier 2 Executive from the Company pursuant to the STIP in the 2 calendar years immediately before the Date of Termination and (B) such Tier 2 Executive s current  target  bonus amount, subject to applicable taxes and withholdings; 
    
  (3)  immediately prior to the Date of Termination, immediate vesting of all equity incentives then held by such Tier 2 Executive pursuant to the LTIP, Management Incentive Plan or otherwise, with payment of such equity incentives payable in accordance with the applicable award agreement; provided that any such equity incentives that vest or are earned based on both continued employment and the achievement of performance goals shall continue to vest or be earned upon achievement of such performance goals, notwithstanding the Date of Termination; and 
  
   6 

(4)  if and to the extent permitted under applicable law and without additional cost or penalty to the Company or the Tier 2 Executive, during the portion, if any, of the 18- month period, commencing as of the date such Tier 2 Executive is eligible to elect and timely elects to continue coverage for such Tier 2 Executive and such Tier 2 Executive s eligible dependents under the Company s or an Affiliate s group health plan pursuant to COBRA or similar state law, the Company (or the Affiliate of the Company that is the Eligible Individual s employer immediately prior to termination) shall reimburse such Tier 2 Executive on a monthly basis for the difference between the amount such Tier 2 Executive pays to effect and continue such coverage and the employee contribution amount that active senior executive employees of the Company or the applicable Affiliate pay for the same or similar coverage, with any such reimbursement payable for the 60 day period immediately following the Date of Termination being payable on the first business day 60 days following the Date of Termination and any other such reimbursement payable being paid on a monthly basis thereafter. 
    
  (iii)  Tier 3 Executives  .  The Severance Obligations to a Tier 3 Executive shall be as follows: 
    
  (1)  on the first business day 60 days after the Date of Termination, payment of a lump sum cash payment equal to 2 years of such Tier 3 Executive s then current Base Salary as of the Date of Termination; 
    
  (2)  on the first business day 60 days after the Date of Termination, payment of a lump sum cash payment equal to 200% of the greater of (A) the annual average of any bonuses received by such Tier 3 Executive from the Company pursuant to the STIP in the 2 calendar years immediately before the Date of Termination and (B) such Tier 3 Executive s current  target  bonus amount, subject to applicable taxes and withholdings; 
    
  (3)  immediately prior to the Date of Termination, immediate vesting of all equity incentives then held by such Tier 3 Executive pursuant to the LTIP, Management Incentive Plan or otherwise, with payment of such equity incentives payable in accordance with the applicable award agreement; provided that any such equity incentives that vest or are earned based on both continued employment and the achievement of performance goals shall continue to vest or be earned upon achievement of such performance goals, notwithstanding the Date of Termination; and 
    
  (4)  if and to the extent permitted under applicable law and without additional cost or penalty to the Company or the Tier 3 Executive, during the portion, if any, of the 18- month period, commencing as of the date such Tier 3 Executive is eligible to elect and timely elects to continue coverage for such Tier 3 Executive and such Tier 3 Executive s eligible dependents under the Company s or an Affiliate s group health plan pursuant to COBRA or similar state law, the Company (or the Affiliate of the Company that is the Eligible Individual s employer immediately prior to termination) shall reimburse such Tier 3 Executive on a monthly basis for the difference between the amount such Tier 3 Executive pays to effect and continue such coverage and the employee contribution amount that active senior executive employees of the Company or its applicable Affiliate pay for the same or similar coverage, with any such reimbursement payable for the 60 day period immediately following the Date of Termination being payable on the first business day 60 days following the Date of Termination and any other such reimbursement payable being paid on a monthly basis thereafter. 
    
  (iv)  Tier 4 Executives  .  The Severance Obligations to a Tier 4 Executive shall be as follows: 
    
  (1)  on the first business day 60 days after the Date of Termination, payment of a lump sum cash payment equal to 1 year of such Tier 4 Executive s then current Base Salary as of the Date of Termination; 

7 

(2)  on the first business day 60 days after the Date of Termination, payment of a lump sum cash payment equal to 100% of the greater of (A) the annual average of any bonuses received by such Tier 4 Executive from the Company pursuant to the STIP in the 2 calendar years immediately before the Date of Termination and (B) such Tier 4 Executive s current  target  bonus amount, subject to applicable taxes and withholdings; 
    
  (3)  immediately prior to the Date of Termination, immediate vesting of all equity incentives then held by such Tier 4 Executive pursuant to the LTIP, Management Incentive Plan or otherwise, with payment of such equity incentives payable in accordance with the applicable award agreement; provided that any such equity incentives that vest or are earned based on both continued employment and the achievement of performance goals shall continue to vest or be earned upon achievement of such performance goals, notwithstanding the Date of Termination; and 
    
  (4)  if and to the extent permitted under applicable law and without additional cost or penalty to the Company or the Tier 4 Executive, during the portion, if any, of the 12- month period, commencing as of the date such Tier 4 Executive is eligible to elect and timely elects to continue coverage for the Tier 4 Executive and such Tier 4 Executive s eligible dependents under the Company s or an Affiliate s group health plan pursuant to COBRA or similar state law, the Company (or the Affiliate of the Company that is the Eligible Individual s employer immediately prior to termination) shall reimburse such Tier 4 Executive on a monthly basis for the difference between the amount such Tier 4 Executive pays to effect and continue such coverage and the employee contribution amount that active senior executive employees of the Company or its applicable Affiliate pay for the same or similar coverage, with any such reimbursement payable for the 60 day period immediately following the Date of Termination being payable on the first business day 60 days following the Date of Termination and any other such reimbursement payable being paid on a monthly basis thereafter. 
    
  (v)      Tier 5 Key Employees  .  The Severance Obligations to a Tier 5 Key Employee shall be as follows: 
  (1)  on the first business day 60 days after the Date of Termination, payment of a lump sum cash payment equal to 9 months of such Tier 5 Key Employee s then current Base Salary as of the Date of Termination; 
    
  (2)  on the first business day 60 days after the Date of Termination, payment of a lump sum cash payment equal to 75% of the greater of (A) the annual average of any bonuses received by such Tier 5 Key Employee from the Company pursuant to the STIP in the 2 calendar years immediately before the Date of Termination and (B) such Tier 5 Key Employee s current  target  bonus amount, subject to applicable taxes and withholdings; 
    
  (3)  immediately prior to the Date of Termination, immediate vesting of all equity incentives then held by such Tier 5 Key Employee pursuant to the LTIP, Management Incentive Plan or otherwise, with payment of such equity incentives payable in accordance with the applicable award agreement; provided that any such equity incentives that vest or are earned based on both continued employment and the achievement of performance goals shall continue to vest or be earned upon achievement of such performance goals, notwithstanding the Date of Termination; and 
    
  (4)  if and to the extent permitted under applicable law and without additional cost or penalty to the Company or the Tier 5 Key Employee, during the portion, if any, of the 9-month period, commencing as of the date such Tier 5 Key Employee is eligible to elect and timely elects to continue coverage for the Tier 5 Key Employee and such Tier 5 Key Employee s eligible dependents under the Company s or an Affiliate s group health plan pursuant to COBRA or similar state law, the Company (or the Affiliate of the Company that is the Eligible Individual s employer immediately prior to termination) shall reimburse such Tier 5 Key Employee on a monthly basis for the difference between the amount such Tier 5 Key Employee pays to effect and continue such coverage and the employee contribution amount that active  
  
   8 

senior executive employees of the Company or its applicable Affiliate pay for the same or similar coverage, with any such reimbursement payable for the 60 day period immediately following the Date of Termination being payable on the first business day 60 days following the Date of Termination and any other such reimbursement payable being paid on a monthly basis thereafter. 
    
  (c)  Conditions to Severance Obligations.    Notwithstanding Section 5(b) of this Plan, in no event shall an Eligible Individual be entitled to the Severance Obligations unless such Eligible Individual (i) tenders their resignation as a member of the Board and of the board of directors of any Affiliate (in each case, to the extent applicable) effective as of the Date of Termination (the    Resignation   ), and (ii) executes a General Release in a form and substance approved by the Administrator (the    Release   ) substantially similar to the Release attached hereto as   Exhibit B  , with any additional customary terms as the Administrator may deem appropriate in the circumstances, and such Release is not revoked.  The Eligible Individual shall be eligible for the Severance Obligations only if the executed Release is returned to the Company and becomes irrevocable within 60 days after the Date of Termination.  Until the Release has become irrevocable, any such Severance Obligations shall not be provided by the Company or any of its Affiliates.  If an Eligible Individual fails to return the Resignation so that it would, if accepted, be effective upon the Date of Termination, or fails to return the Release to the Company in sufficient time so that the Release becomes irrevocable within 60 days after the Date of Termination, such Eligible Individual s rights to Severance Obligations shall be forfeited. 
    
  6.  Change in Control Benefits  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary that may be set forth in the LTIP, Management Incentive Plan or in any grant agreement thereunder, if an Eligible Individual is employed by the Company or one of its Affiliates on the CIC Effective Date and such Eligible Individual (a) resigns such Eligible Individual s employment with the Company and its Affiliates for Good Reason or (b) is terminated by the Company and its Affiliates without Cause, in each case, at any time within the eighteen-month period following the CIC Effective Date, then such Eligible Individual shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Obligations and Severance Obligations in accordance with Section 5 hereof. 
    
  7.  Parachute Payment Limitations  .  Notwithstanding any contrary provision in this Plan, if an Eligible Individual is a    disqualified individual    (as defined in Section 280G of the Code), and the Severance Obligations that would otherwise be paid to such Eligible Individual under this Plan together with any other payments or benefits that such Eligible Individual has a right to receive from the Company (and affiliated entities required to be aggregated in accordance with Q/A-10 and Q/A-46 of Treas. Reg.  1.280G-1) (collectively, the    Payments   ) would constitute a    parachute payment    (as defined in Section 280G of the Code), the Payments shall be either (a) reduced (but not below zero) so that the aggregate present value of such Payments and benefits received by the Eligible Individual from the Company and its Affiliates shall be $1.00 less than three times such Eligible Individual s    base amount    (as defined in Section 280G of the Code) (the    Safe Harbor Amount   ) and so that no portion of such Payments received by such Eligible Individual shall be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999; or (b) paid in full, whichever produces the better net after-tax result for such Eligible Individual (taking into account any applicable excise tax under Section 4999 and any applicable federal, state and local income and employment taxes).  The determination as to whether any such reduction in the amount of the Payments is necessary shall be made by the Company in good faith and such determination shall be conclusive and binding on such Eligible Individual.  If reduced Payments are made to the Eligible Individual pursuant to this Section 7 and through error or otherwise those Payments exceed the Safe Harbor Amount, the Eligible Individual shall immediately repay such excess to the Company or its applicable Affiliate upon notification that an overpayment has been made. 
    
  The reduction of Payments, if applicable, shall be made by reducing, first, Severance Obligations to be paid in cash hereunder in the order in which such payments would be paid or provided (beginning with such payment or benefit that would be made last in time and continuing, to the extent necessary, through to such payment or benefit that would be made first in time) and second, by reducing any other cash payments that would be payable to the Eligible Individual outside of this Plan which are valued in full for purposes of Code Section 280G in a similar order (last to first), any third, by reducing any equity acceleration hereunder of awards which are valued in full for purposes of Section 280G of the Code in a similar order (last to first), and finally, by reducing any other payments or benefit provided hereunder in a similar order (last to first). 
  
   9 

8.  Conditions to Receipt of Severance Obligations  . 
    
  (a)  Compliance with Post-Termination Obligations  .  Notwithstanding anything contained in this Plan to the contrary, the Company and its Affiliates shall have the right to cease providing any part of the Severance Obligations, and the Eligible Individual shall be required to immediately repay the Company and its Affiliates for any Severance Obligations already provided, but all other provisions of this Plan shall remain in full force and effect, if such Eligible Individual has been determined, pursuant to the dispute resolution provisions hereof, not to have fully complied with such Eligible Individual s Post-Termination Obligations during the Severance Obligation Period or longer, as may be the case. 
    
  (b)  Separation from Service Required.    Notwithstanding anything contained in this Plan to the contrary, the Eligible Individual shall be entitled to Severance Obligations only if such Eligible Individual s termination of employment constitutes a Separation from Service. 
    
  9.  Termination  . 
    
  (a)  Notice of Termination.    Any termination of an Eligible Individual s employment with the Company and its Affiliates (other than termination as a result of death) shall be communicated by written Notice of Termination to, (i) in the case of termination by an Eligible Individual, the Company or one of its Affiliates and (ii) in the case of termination by the Company and its Affiliates, the Eligible Individual. 
    
  (b)  Death  .  An Eligible Individual s employment with the Company and its Affiliates shall terminate immediately upon such Eligible Individual s death. 
    
  (c)  Disability  .  An Eligible Individual s employment with the Company and its Affiliates shall terminate 30 days after Notice of Termination is given by the Company or its Affiliates. 
    
  (d)  For Cause  . 
    
  (i)  Subject to Section 9(d)(ii), the Company and its Affiliates shall be entitled to terminate an Eligible Individual s employment with the Company and its Affiliates immediately for any Cause. 
    
  (ii)  If the Company or one of its Affiliates determines, in its sole discretion, that a cure is possible and appropriate, the Company or the applicable Affiliate will give an Eligible Individual being terminated for Cause written notice of the acts or omissions constituting Cause and no termination of such Eligible Individual s employment with the Company and its Affiliates for Cause shall occur unless and until such Eligible Individual fails to cure such acts or omissions within 10 days following the receipt of such written notice. If the Company or one of its Affiliates determines, in its sole discretion, that a cure is not possible or appropriate, an Eligible Individual being terminated for Cause shall have no notice or cure rights before such Eligible Individual s employment with the Company and its Affiliates is terminated for Cause. 
    
  (e)  Without Cause.    The Company and its Affiliates shall be entitled to terminate an Eligible Individual s employment with the Company for any reason other than death, Disability or Cause, at any time by providing written notice to such Eligible Individual that the Company and its Affiliates is terminating such Eligible Individual s employment with the Company and its Affiliates without Cause. 
    
  (f)  With Good Reason  . 
    
  (i)  Subject to Section 9(f)(ii), an Eligible Individual shall be permitted to terminate such Eligible Individual s employment with the Company and its Affiliates for any Good Reason. 
    
  (ii)  To exercise an Eligible Individual s right to terminate such Eligible Individual s employment for Good Reason, such Eligible Individual must provide written notice to the Company or one of its Affiliates of such Eligible Individual s belief that Good Reason exists within 90 days of the initial existence of the  
  
   10 

condition(s) giving rise to such Good Reason, and such notice shall describe the conditions believed to constitute Good Reason.  The Company and its Affiliates shall have 30 days to remedy the Good Reason condition(s).  If the condition(s) are not remedied during such 30-day period, such Eligible Individual may terminate such Eligible Individual s employment with the Company and its Affiliates for Good Reason by delivering a Notice of Termination to the Company;   provided,     however,   that such termination must occur no later than 180 days after the date of the initial existence of the condition(s) giving rise to such Good Reason; otherwise, such Eligible Individual is deemed to have accepted the condition(s), or the Company s and its Affiliates correction of such condition(s), that may have given rise to the existence of such Good Reason. 
    
  (g)  Without Good Reason  .  An Eligible Individual shall be entitled to terminate such Eligible Individual s employment with the Company and its Affiliates at any time by providing 30 days written Notice of Termination to the Company or one of its Affiliates and stating that such termination is without Good Reason,   provided,     however,   that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company and its Affiliates shall be under no obligation to continue to employ such Eligible Individual for such 30 day period. 
    
  (h)  Suspension of Duties  .  Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 9, the Company and its Affiliates may, to the extent doing so would not result in the Eligible Individual s Separation from Service, suspend an Eligible Individual from performing such Eligible Individual s duties, responsibilities, and authorities (including, without limitation, such Eligible Individual s duties, responsibilities and authorities as a member of the Board or the board of directors of any Affiliate) following the delivery by such Eligible Individual of a Notice of Termination providing for such Eligible Individual s resignation, or following delivery by the Company or one of its Affiliates of a Notice of Termination providing for the termination of such Eligible Individual s employment for any reason;   provided  ,   however,   that during the period of suspension (which shall end on or before the Date of Termination), and subject to the legal rules applicable to any Company benefit plans under Section 401(a) of the Code and the rules applicable to nonqualified deferred compensation plans under Section 409A, such Eligible Individual shall continue to be treated as employed by the Company and its Affiliates for other purposes, and such Eligible Individual s rights to compensation or benefits shall not be reduced by reason of the suspension; and   provided,     further,   that any such suspension shall not affect the determination of whether the resignation was for Good Reason or without Good Reason or whether the termination was for Cause or without Cause.  The Company and its Affiliates may suspend an Eligible Individual with pay pending an investigation authorized by the Company or any of its Affiliates or a governmental authority in order to determine whether such Eligible Individual has engaged in acts or omissions constituting Cause, and in such case the paid suspension shall not constitute a termination of such Eligible Individual s employment with the Company and its Affiliates;   provided  ,   however,   that such suspension shall not continue past the time that the Eligible Individual would incur a Separation from Service (at such point, the Company shall either terminate the Eligible Individual in accordance with this Plan or have the Eligible Individual return to active employment).    
    
  10.  General Provisions  . 
    
  (a)  Taxes.    The Company and its Affiliates are authorized to withhold from any payments made hereunder amounts of withholding and other taxes due or potentially payable in connection therewith, and to take such other action as the Company and its Affiliates may deem advisable to enable the Company, its Affiliates and Eligible Individuals to satisfy obligations for the payment of withholding taxes and other tax obligations relating to any payments made under this Plan. 
    
  (b)  Offsets and Substitutions.    Pursuant to Reg.   1.409A-3(j)(4)(xiii), the Company and its Affiliates may set off against, and each Eligible Individual authorizes the Company and its Affiliates to deduct from, any payments due to such Eligible Individual, or to such Eligible Individual s estate, heirs, legal representatives or successors, any amounts which may be due and owing to the Company or an Affiliate by such Eligible Individual, arising in the ordinary course of business whether under this Plan or otherwise; provided that no such deduction may exceed $5,000 and the deduction is made at the same time and in the same amount as the amount otherwise would have been due and collected from such Eligible Individual.  Such Eligible Individual shall pay to the Company and its Affiliates all other obligations to the Company and its Affiliates.  To the extent that any amounts would otherwise be payable (or benefits would otherwise be provided) to an Eligible Individual under another plan of the Company or its Affiliates or an agreement with the Eligible Individual and the Company or its Affiliates, including a change in control  
  
   11 

plan or agreement, an offer letter or letter agreement, or to the extent that an Eligible Individual moves between Tiers, and to the extent that such other payments or benefits or the Severance Obligations provided under this Plan are subject to Section 409A, the Plan shall be administered to ensure that no payment or benefit under the Plan will be (i) accelerated in violation of Section 409A or (ii) further deferred in violation of Section 409A. 
    
  (c)  Term of this Plan; Amendment and Termination  . 
    
  (i)  Prior to a Change in Control, this Plan may be amended or modified in any respect, and may be terminated, in any such case, by resolution adopted by the Administrator and at least two-thirds (2/3) of the Board;   provided,     however,   that no such amendment, modification or termination that is adopted within one (1) year prior to a Change in Control that would adversely affect the benefits or protections hereunder of any Eligible Individual as of the date such amendment, modification or termination is adopted shall be effective as it relates to such Eligible Individual;   provided,     further,     however,   that this Plan may not be amended, modified or terminated, (A) at the request of a third party who has indicated an intention or taken steps to effect a Change in Control and who effectuates a Change in Control, or (B) otherwise in connection with, or in anticipation of, a Change in Control that actually occurs; any such attempted amendment, modification or termination being null and void   ab initio.    Any action taken to amend, modify or terminate this Plan which is taken subsequent to the execution of an agreement providing for a transaction or transactions which, if consummated, would constitute a Change in Control shall conclusively be presumed to have been taken in connection with a Change in Control.  For a period of two (2) years following the occurrence of a Change in Control, this Plan may not be amended or modified in any manner that would in any way adversely affect the benefits or protections provided hereunder to any Eligible Individual under this Plan on the date the Change in Control occurs. 
    
  (ii)  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (i), the Company may terminate and liquidate the Plan in accordance with the provisions of Section 409A. 
    
  (iii)  Notwithstanding the foregoing, no amendment, modification or termination of this Plan shall adversely affect any Eligible Individual s entitlement to payments under this Plan prior to such amendment, modification or termination (other than as required to permit termination of the Plan in accordance with Section 409A), nor shall such amendment, modification or termination relieve the Company of its obligation to pay benefits to Eligible Individuals as otherwise set forth herein, except as otherwise consented to by such Eligible Individual. 
    
  (d)  Successors  .  This Plan shall bind and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by any Eligible Individual and the Company and their respective successors, permitted assigns, heirs and personal representatives and estates, as the case may be. Neither this Plan nor any right or obligation hereunder of the Company, any of its Affiliates or any Eligible Individual may be assigned or delegated without the prior written consent of the other party;   provided,     however,   that the Company may assign this Plan to any of its Affiliates and an Eligible Individual may direct payment of any benefits that will accrue upon death. An Eligible Individual shall not have any right to pledge, hypothecate, anticipate or in any way create a lien upon any payments or other benefits provided under this Plan; and no benefits payable under this Plan shall be assignable in anticipation of payment either by voluntary or involuntary acts, or by operation of law, except by will or pursuant to the laws of descent and distribution. This Plan shall not confer any rights or remedies upon any person or legal entity other than the Company, its Affiliates and Eligible Individuals and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 
    
  (e)  Unfunded Obligation  .  All benefits due an Eligible Individual under this Plan are unfunded and unsecured and are payable out of the general funds of the Company and its Affiliates. 
    
  (f)  Directed Payments.    If any Eligible Individual is determined by the Administrator to be Disabled, the Administrator may cause the payment or payments becoming due to such Eligible Individual to be made to another person for such person s benefit without responsibility on the part of the Administrator or the Company and its Affiliates to follow the application of such funds. 
    
  (g)  Limitation on Rights Conferred Under Plan  .  Neither this Plan nor any action taken hereunder will be construed as (i) giving an Eligible Individual the right to continue in the employ or service of the Company or any Affiliate; (ii) interfering in any way with the right of the Company or any Affiliate to terminate an Eligible Individual s  
  
   12 

employment or service at any time; or (iii) giving an Eligible Individual any claim to be treated uniformly with other employees of the Company or any of its Affiliates. The provisions of this document supersede any oral statements made by any employee, officer, or Board member of the Company or any of its Affiliates regarding eligibility, severance payments and benefits. 
    
  (h)  Governing Law.   All questions arising with respect to the provisions of the Plan and payments due hereunder will be determined by application of the laws of the State of Colorado, without giving effect to any conflict of law provisions thereof, except to the extent Colorado law is preempted by federal law. 
    
  (i)  Dispute Resolution.    Any and all disputes, claims or controversies arising out of or relating to this Plan that are not resolved by their mutual agreement (A) shall be brought by an Eligible Individual in such Eligible Individual s individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding and (B) shall be submitted to final and binding arbitration before Judicial Arbiter Group (   JAG   ), or its successor.  The arbitration process shall be commenced by filing a written demand for arbitration with JAG, with a copy to the Company.  The arbitration will be conducted in accordance with the provisions of JAG s arbitration rules and procedures in effect at the time of filing of the demand for arbitration.  The Company and such Eligible Individual will cooperate with JAG and with one another in selecting a single arbitrator from JAG s panel of neutrals, and in scheduling the arbitration proceedings, which shall take place in Denver, Colorado.  The provisions of this section 10(i) may be enforced by any Court of competent jurisdiction. 
    
  (j)  Severability  .  The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of the Plan will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of the Plan, which will remain in full force and effect, and any prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction will not invalidate that provision, or render it unenforceable, in any other jurisdiction. 
    
  (k)  Section 409A  . 
    
  (i)  This Plan is intended to comply with Section 409A and shall be construed and operated accordingly.  The Company may amend this Plan at any time to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A.  Any Eligible Employee shall perform any act, or refrain from performing any act, as reasonably requested by the Company to comply with any correction procedure promulgated pursuant to Section 409A.     
    
  (ii)  To the extent required to avoid the imposition of penalties or interest under Section 409A, any payment or benefit to be paid or provided on account of an Eligible Individual s Separation from Service to an Eligible Individual who is a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Code) that would be paid or provided prior to the first day of the seventh month following the Eligible Individual s Separation from Service shall be paid or provided on the first day of the seventh month following the Eligible Individual s Separation from Service or, if earlier, the date of the Eligible Individual s death. 
    
  (iii)  Each payment to be made under this Plan is a separately identifiable or designated amount for purposes of Section 409A. 
    
  (l)  PHSA   2716  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Plan, in the event that the Company or any of its Affiliates is subject to the sanctions imposed pursuant to   2716 of the Public Health Service Act by reason of this Plan, the Company may amend this Plan at any time with the goal of giving Employee the economic benefits described herein in a manner that does not result in such sanctions being imposed. 
    
  [Signature Page Follows] 
  
   13 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has adopted this Amended and Restated Executive Change in Control and Severance Plan as of the Effective Date. 
    
    Bonanza Creek Energy, Inc. 

By:        /s/ James A. Watt                       
  Name:    James A. Watt 
  Title:    Chairman of the Board 
  
   14 

Exhibit A  
  Executive and Key Employee Tiers 
                 Tier 
    Position 
      Tier 1 
    President and Chief Executive Officer 
      Tier 2 
    Executive Vice President 
      Tier 3 
    Senior Vice President 
      Tier 4 
    Vice President 
      Tier 5 
    Director, Senior Manager, Manager, and other key employee designated by the Administrator 

15 

Exhibit B 
  Form of General Release 
  1.    The undersigned (   Employee   ), on Employee s own behalf and on behalf of Employee s heirs, agents, representatives, attorneys, assigns, executors and/or anyone acting on Employee s behalf, and in consideration of the promises, assurances, and covenants set forth in the Executive Change In Control And Severance Plan, under which Employee is an Eligible Individual, but to which Employee is not automatically entitled, including, but not limited to, the payment of any severance thereunder, hereby fully releases Bonanza Creek Energy, Inc. and its successors or affiliates (the    Company   ), its parents, subsidiaries, officers, shareholders, partners, members, individual employees, agents, representatives, directors, employees, attorneys, successors, and anyone acting on its behalf, known or unknown, from all claims and causes of action by reason of any injuries and/or damages or losses, known or unknown, foreseen or unforeseen, patent or latent which Employee has sustained or which may be sustained as a result of any facts and circumstances arising out of or in any way related to Employee s employment by the Company or the termination of that employment, and to any other disputes, claims, disagreements, or controversies between Employee and the Company up to and including the date this release is signed by Employee.  Employee s release includes, but is not limited to, any contract benefits, claims for quantum meruit, claims for wages, bonuses, employment benefits, moving expenses, stock options, profits units, or damages of any kind whatsoever, arising out of any contracts, express or implied, any covenant of good faith and fair dealing, express or implied, any theory of unlawful discharge, torts and related damages (including, but not limited to, emotional distress, loss of consortium, and defamation) any legal restriction on the Company s right to terminate Employee s employment and/or services, or any federal, state or other governmental statute or ordinance, including, without limitation, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (as amended), the federal Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 (29 U.S.C.   21, et seq.) (as amended) (   ADEA   ), the federal Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, any state laws concerning discrimination or harassment including the Fair Employment and Housing Act, or any other legal limitation on contractual or employment relationships, and any and all claims for any loss, cost, damage, or expense with respect to Employee s liability for taxes, penalties, interest or additions to tax on or with respect to any amount received from the Company or otherwise includible in Employee s gross income, including, but not limited to, any liability for taxes, penalties, interest or additions to tax arising from the failure of this Agreement, or any other employment, severance, profit sharing, bonus, equity incentive or other compensatory plan to which Employee and the Company are or were parties, to comply with, or to be operated in compliance with the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including, but not limited to, Section 409A thereof, or any provision of state or local income tax law; provided, however  ,   that notwithstanding the foregoing, the release set forth in this Section shall not extend to: (a) any rights to payments, including severance, arising under Employee s Employment Agreement; (b) any vested rights under any pension, retirement, profit sharing or similar plan; or (c) Employee s rights, if any, to indemnification or defense under the Company s certificate of incorporation, bylaws and/or policy or procedure, any indemnification agreement with Employee or under any insurance contract, in connection with Employee s acts or omissions within the course and scope of Employee s employment with the Company (this    Release   ). 
  2.    [Employee acknowledges that Employee is knowingly and voluntarily waiving and releasing any rights Employee may have under the ADEA.  Employee also acknowledges that the consideration given for the waiver and release hereunder is in addition to anything of value to which Employee is already entitled.  Employee further acknowledges that Employee has been advised by this writing, as required by the ADEA, that:  (a) Employee s waiver and release hereunder do not apply to any rights or claims that may arise after the execution date of this release; (b) Employee has been advised hereby that Employee has the right to consult with an attorney prior to executing this release; (c) Employee has twenty-one (21) days to consider this release (although Employee may choose to voluntarily execute this release earlier); (d) Employee has seven (7) days following the execution of this Release to revoke this Release; and (e) this Release will not be effective until the date upon which the revocation period has expired, which will be the eighth (8th) day after this Release is executed by Employee (the    Effective Date   ).]  
  3.    Excluded from this Release are any claims which by law cannot be waived in a private agreement between an employer and employee.  Moreover, this Release does not prohibit Employee from filing a charge with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (the    EEOC   ) or equivalent state agency in Employee s state or  
  
   16 

participating in an EEOC or state agency investigation; provided, however, Employee hereby agrees to waive Employee s right to monetary or other recovery should any claim be pursued with the EEOC, state agency, or any other federal, state or local administrative agency arising out of or related to Employee s employment with and/or separation from the Company. 
  4.    Employee acknowledges that Employee executed an [Employee Restrictive Covenants, Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement]   or   [Employee Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement] under which Employee assumed certain obligations relating to the Company s confidential and proprietary business information and trade secrets and containing certain covenants relating to competition, solicitation and assignment of invention (   Employee Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement   ).  Employee agrees that, notwithstanding any other provision of this Release, the Employee Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement shall by its terms survive the execution of this Release and that the parties  rights and duties thereunder shall not in any way be affected by this Release.  Employee also warrants and represents that Employee has returned any and all documents and other property of the Company constituting a trade secret or other confidential research, development or commercial information in Employee s possession, custody or control, and represents and warrants that Employee has not retained any copies or originals of any such property of the Company. Employee further warrants and represents that Employee has never violated the Employee Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement, and will not do so in the future. 
  5.    Employee acknowledges that because of Employee s position with the Company, Employee may possess information that may be relevant to or discoverable in connection with claims, litigation or judicial, arbitral or investigative proceedings initiated by a private party or by a regulator, governmental entity, or self-regulatory organization, that relates to or arises from matters with which Employee was involved during Employee s employment with the Company, or that concern matters of which Employee has information or knowledge (collectively, a    Proceeding   ).  Employee agrees that Employee shall testify truthfully in connection with any such Proceeding, shall cooperate with the Company in connection with every such Proceeding, and that Employee s duty of cooperation shall include an obligation to meet with the Company representatives and/or counsel concerning all such Proceedings for such purposes, and at such times and places, as the Company reasonably requests, and to appear for deposition and/or testimony upon the Company s request and without a subpoena.  The Company shall reimburse Employee for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses that Employee incurs in honoring Employee s obligation of cooperation under this Section. 
  6.    Employee and the Company understand and agree that it is in their mutual best interest to minimize the effect of Employee s separation upon the Company s business and upon Employee s professional reputation. Accordingly, Employee agrees to take all actions reasonably requested of Employee by the Company in order to accomplish that objective. To this end, Employee shall consult with the Company concerning business matters on an as-needed and as-requested basis, the Company shall exercise reasonable efforts to avoid conflicts between such consulting and Employee s personal and other business commitments, and Employee shall exercise reasonable efforts to fulfill the Company s consulting requests in a timely manner. 
  7.    Employee covenants never to disparage or speak ill of the Company or any the Company product or service, or of any past or present employee, officer or director of the Company, nor shall Employee at any time harass or behave unprofessionally toward any past, present or future the Company employee, officer or director. 
  8.      Release of Unknown Claims  .  It is the intention of Employee that this Release is a general release which shall be effective as a bar to each and every claim, demand, or cause of action it releases.  Employee recognizes that Employee may have some claim, demand, or cause of action against the Company of which Employee is totally unaware and unsuspecting which Employee is giving up by execution of this release.  It is the intention of Employee in executing this Release that it will deprive Employee of each such claim, demand or cause of action and prevent Employee from asserting it against the released parties. 
  [Employee Name] 
  By:_________________________________________ 
  
   17 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31193016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a  14(a) 
  I, Richard J. Carty, certify that: 
  1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 of Bonanza Creek Energy, Inc.; 
  2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the periods covered by this report; 
  3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
           a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
     5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
           a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:    November 9, 2016    
                   
    /s/ Richard J. Carty 
        
    Richard J. Carty 
        
    President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31293016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a  14(a) 
  I, Scott A. Fenoglio, certify that: 
  1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 of Bonanza Creek Energy, Inc.; 
  2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the periods covered by this report; 
  3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
           a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:    November 9, 2016    
                   
    /s/ Scott A. Fenoglio 
        
    Scott A. Fenoglio 
        
    Senior Vice President, Finance   Planning and Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32193016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  Certification of the Chief Executive Officer 
  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
  As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Bonanza Creek Energy, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Richard J. Carty, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 
  (1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
  (2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
  Date:    November 9, 2016    
                   
    /s/ Richard J. Carty 
        
    Richard J. Carty 
        
    President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32293016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  Certification of the Chief Financial Officer 
  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
  As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Bonanza Creek Energy, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Scott A. Fenoglio, Senior Vice President, Finance   Planning and Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 
  (1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
  (2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
  Date:   November 9, 2016    
                   
    /s/ Scott A. Fenoglio 
        
    Scott A. Fenoglio 
        
    Senior Vice President, Finance   Planning and Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 bcei-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 bcei-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 bcei-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 bcei-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 bcei-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 bcei-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

