<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161115_10-Q_edgar_data_1425355_0001144204-16-134446_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>843400</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>56533</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>668573</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>48</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>3</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134446.hdr.sgml : 20161115
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114180056
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134446
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161115
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Mill City Ventures III, Ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001425355
		IRS NUMBER:				204709758
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-00991
		FILM NUMBER:		161996928

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		328 BARRY AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			WAYZATA
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55391
		BUSINESS PHONE:		952 473 3442

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		328 BARRY AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			WAYZATA
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55391

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	POKER MAGIC INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080129

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134446.txt : 20161115

10-Q
 1
 v452659_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One)  
 
      x  
     QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  
 
      or   

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the transition period from _______________________ to ___________________  

Commission File Number 814-00991 

MILL CITY VENTURES III, LTD. 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

(952) 479-1923  

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

N/A  

 (Former name, former address and former
fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.  x  Yes       
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (   232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post
such files).  x  Yes       
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer     
     Accelerated filer      

Non-accelerated filer     
     Smaller reporting company  x   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).     Yes     x 
No 

As of November 14, 2016, Mill City Ventures
III, Ltd. had 12,151,493 shares of common stock, and no other classes of capital stock, outstanding. 

MILL CITY VENTURES III, LTD. 

Index to Form 10-Q 

 for the Quarter Ended September 30, 2016 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

MILL CITY VENTURES III, LTD. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

See accompanying Notes to Financial Statements 

MILL CITY VENTURES III, LTD. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) 

See accompanying Notes to Financial Statements 

MILL CITY VENTURES III, LTD. 

 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS 

See accompanying Notes to Financial Statements  

MILL CITY VENTURES III, LTD. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 

See accompanying Notes to Financial Statements 

MILL CITY VENTURES III, LTD. 

 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 

 SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 

*  The stated maturity date of the referenced investment
has passed, and we are in the process of taking steps to recover our investment amount through guarantors, pledgors, or otherwise. 

(1)  All investments and all cash, restricted cash and cash equivalents are  qualifying assets  under Section 55(a)
of the Investment Company Act of 1940 unless indicated to the contrary in the table or by footnote.   

(2)  Interest is presented on a per annum basis. 

(3)  Investment is secured but payment and collateral are subordinated
to the debt of another creditor by contract. 

(4)  Investment is convertible into common equity of the issuer. 

(5)  In the case of warrants, warrants provide for the right
to purchase common equity of the issuer. 

(6)  In the case of preferred stock, this represents the right
to annual cumulative dividends calculated on a per annum basis. 

(7)  In the case of warrants, purchase rights under the warrants
will expire at the close of business on this date. 

(8)  Investment is not an income-producing investment. 

(9)  Investment is neither a  qualifying asset 
under Section 55(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, nor a restricted security. 

(10)  Value reflects 20% discount for restricted nature of securities 

MILL CITY VENTURES III, LTD. 

 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2015 

(1)  All investments and all cash, restricted cash and cash
equivalents are  qualifying assets  under Section 55(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 unless indicated to
the contrary in the table or by footnote. 

(2)  Interest is presented on a per annum basis. 

(3)  Investment is secured but payment and collateral are subordinated
to the debt of another creditor by contract. 

(4)  Investment is convertible into common equity of the issuer. 

(5)  In the case of warrants, warrants provide for the right
to purchase common equity of the issuer. 

(6)  In the case of preferred stock, this represents the right
to annual cumulative dividends calculated on a per annum basis. 

(7)  In the case of warrants, purchase rights under the warrants
will expire at the close of business on this date. 

(8)  Investment is not an income-producing investment. 

(9)  Investment is neither a  qualifying asset 
under Section 55(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, nor a restricted security. 

MILL CITY VENTURES III, LTD. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 September 30, 2016 

NOTE 1   ORGANIZATION  

Mill City Ventures III, Ltd. is an investment
company incorporated in the State of Minnesota on January 10, 2006. In this report, we generally refer to Mill City Ventures III,
Ltd. in the first person  we.  On occasion, we refer to our company in the third person as  Mill City Ventures 
or the  company.  

We are an internally managed closed-end
non-diversified management investment company. We have elected to be regulated as a business development company, or  BDC, 
under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the  1940 Act ). To date, we have not made an election to be treated as a
regulated investment company, or  RIC,  under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the  Code ). 

We primarily focus on investing in or lending
to privately held and small-cap publicly traded U.S. companies, and making managerial assistance available to such companies. These
investments are typically structured as purchases of preferred or common stock, investment contracts, or loans evidenced by promissory
notes that may be convertible into stock by their terms or that may be accompanied by the issuance to us of warrants or similar
rights to purchase stock. Our investments may be made for purposes of financing acquisitions, recapitalizations, buyouts, organic
growth and working capital. Our future revenues will relate to the gain we realize from the sale of securities we purchase, and
to dividends and interest we derive from those securities. Our investment objective is to generate both current income and capital
appreciation that ultimately become gains. 

NOTE 2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES  

Basis of presentation : The accompanying
unaudited condensed financial statements of Mill City Ventures have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Regulation S-X. Accordingly,
they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
(GAAP) for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments)
considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. Operating results for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 are
not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016. 

The balance sheet at December
31, 2015 has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements at that date but does not include all of the information
and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. For further information, refer to the consolidated financial
statements and footnotes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Use of estimates : The preparation
of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management and our independent board members to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities, at the date of
the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
from those estimates. For more information, see the  Valuation of portfolio investments  caption below, and  Note
4   Fair Value of Financial Instruments  below. 

Cash deposits : We maintain our cash
balances in financial institutions and with regulated financial investment brokers. Cash on deposit in excess of FDIC and similar
coverage is subject to the usual banking risk of funds in excess of those limits. 

Valuation of portfolio investments :
We carry our investments in accordance with ASC Topic 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  ( ASC 820 ),
issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ), which defines fair value, establishes a framework for
measuring fair value, and requires disclosures about fair value measurements. Fair value is generally based on quoted market prices
provided by independent pricing services, broker or dealer quotations, or alternative price sources. In the absence of quoted market
prices, broker or dealer quotations, or alternative price sources, investments are measured at fair value as determined by the
Valuation Committee of our Board of Directors based on, among other things, the input of our executive management, the Audit Committee
of our Board of Directors, and any independent third-party valuation experts that may be engaged by management to assist in the
valuation of our portfolio investments, but in all cases consistent with our written valuation policies and procedures. 

Due to the inherent uncertainties of valuation,
certain estimated fair values may differ significantly from the values that would have been realized had a ready market for these
investments existed, and these differences could be material. In addition, such investments are generally less liquid than publicly
traded securities. If we were required to liquidate a portfolio investment in a forced or liquidation sale, we could realize significantly
less than the value at which we have recorded it. 

MILL CITY VENTURES III, LTD. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 September 30, 2016 

For more information, see Note 4  Fair
Value of Financial Instruments.  

Income taxes : We account for income
taxes under the liability method. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference
between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which
the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax
assets to the amounts expected to be realized. For more information, see Note 7  Income Taxes.  

Revenue recognition : Realized gains
or losses on the sale of investments are calculated using the specific investment method. 

Interest income, adjusted for amortization
of premiums and accretion of discounts, is recorded on an accrual basis. Discounts from and premiums to par value on securities
purchased are accreted or amortized, as applicable, into interest income over the life of the related security using the effective-yield
method. The amortized cost of investments represents the original cost, adjusted for the accretion of discounts and amortization
of premiums, if any. Loans are generally placed on non-accrual status when principal or interest payments are past due 30 days
or more, or when there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be collected in full. Accrued and unpaid interest is
generally reversed when a loan is placed on non-accrual status. Interest payments received on non-accrual loans may be recognized
as income or applied to principal depending upon management s judgment regarding collectability. Non-accrual loans are restored
to accrual status when past-due principal and interest is paid and, in management s judgment, are likely to remain current.
We may make exceptions to the policy described above if a loan has sufficient collateral value and is in the process of collection. 

Dividend income on preferred equity securities
is recorded as dividend income on an accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are payable by the portfolio company and are
expected to be collected. Dividend income on common equity securities is recorded on the record date for private portfolio companies
or on the ex-dividend date for publicly traded portfolio companies. 

Certain investments may have contractual
payment-in-kind ( PIK ) interest or dividends. PIK represents accrued interest or accumulated dividends that are
added to the loan principal or stated value of the investment on the respective interest- or dividend-payment dates rather than
being paid in cash, and generally becomes due at maturity or upon being repurchased by the issuer. PIK interest or dividends is
recorded as interest or dividend income, as applicable. If at any point we believe that PIK interest or dividends is not expected
be realized, the PIK-generating investment will be placed on non-accrual status. Accrued PIK interest or dividends are generally
reversed through interest or dividend income, respectively, when an investment in placed on non-accrual status. 

Recent accounting pronouncements :
No new accounting pronouncement issued or effective during the fiscal quarter covered by this report has had or is expected to
have a material impact on our condensed financial statements. 

Allocation of Net Gains and Losses 

 All income, gains, losses, deductions and credits for any
investment are allocated in a manner proportionate to the shares owned. 

Management and Service Fees 

 The Company does not incur expenses related to management
and service fees. Our executive management team manages the Company s investments as part of their employment responsibilities. 

NOTE 3   INVESTMENTS  

The following table shows the composition of our investment
portfolio by major class, at amortized cost and fair value, as of September 30, 2016 (together with the corresponding percentage
of total portfolio investments): 

MILL CITY VENTURES III, LTD. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 September 30, 2016 

The following table shows the composition of our investment
portfolio by major class, at amortized cost and fair value, as of December 31, 2015 (together with the corresponding percentage
of total portfolio investments): 

The following table shows the composition of our investment
portfolio by industry grouping, based on fair value as of September 30, 2016: 

The following table shows the composition of our investment
portfolio by industry grouping, based on fair value as of December 31, 2015: 

MILL CITY VENTURES III, LTD. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 September 30, 2016 

We do not  control,  and we are not an  affiliate 
(as each of those terms is defined in the 1940 Act), of any of our portfolio companies as of September 30, 2016. Under the 1940
Act, we would generally be presumed to  control  a portfolio company if we owned more than 25% of its voting securities,
and be an  affiliate  of a portfolio company is we owned at least 5% and up to 25% of its voting securities. 

NOTE 4   FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  

General information : Accounting
guidance establishes a hierarchal disclosure framework that prioritizes and ranks the level of market price observability of inputs
used in measuring investments at fair value. Observable inputs must be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs that market
participants would use in valuing the asset or liability based on market data obtained from independent sources. Unobservable inputs
are inputs that reflect our assumptions about the factors market participants would use in valuing the asset or liability based
upon the best information available. Assets and liabilities measured at fair value are to be categorized into one of the three
hierarchy levels based on the relative observability of inputs used in the valuation. The three levels are defined as follows: 

Level 1:  Observable inputs based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.   

Level 2:  Observable inputs based on quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, or quoted prices
for identical assets and liabilities in inactive markets.   

Level 3:  Unobservable inputs that reflect an entity s own assumptions about what inputs a market participant would
use in pricing the asset or liability based on the best information available in the circumstances.   

Our valuation policy and procedures :
Under our valuation policies and procedures, we evaluate the source of inputs, including any markets in which our investments are
trading, and then apply the resulting information in determining fair value. For our Level 1 investment assets, our valuation policy
generally requires us to use the last quoted closing price of a security we own that is listed on a securities exchange, and in
a case where a security we own is listed on an over-the-counter market, to average the last quoted bid and ask price on the most
active market on which the security is quoted. In the case of traded debt securities the prices for which are not readily available,
we may value those securities at their weighted-average yield to maturity. 

The estimated fair value of our Level 3
investment assets is determined on a quarterly basis by the Valuation Committee of our Board of Directors, pursuant to our written
Valuation Policy and Procedures. These policies and procedures generally require that we value our Level 3 equity investments at
cost plus any accrued interest, unless circumstances warrant a different approach. Our Valuation Policy and Procedures provide
examples of these circumstances, such as when a portfolio company has engaged in a subsequent financing of more than a  de minimis 
size involving sophisticated investors (in which case we may use the price involved in that financing as a determinative input
absent other known factors), or when a portfolio company is engaged in the process of a transaction that we determine is reasonably
likely to occur (in which case we may use the price involved in the pending transaction as a determinative input absent other known
factors). Other situations identified in our Valuation Policy and Procedures that may serve as input supporting a change in the
valuation of our Level 3 equity investments include (i) a third-party valuation conducted by an independent and qualified professional,
(ii) changes in the performance of long-term financial prospects of the portfolio company, (iii) a subsequent financing that changes
the distribution rights associated with the equity security we hold, or (iv) sale transactions involving comparable companies,
but only if further supported by a third-party valuation conducted by an independent and qualified professional. 

When valuing preferred equity investments,
we generally view intrinsic value as a key input. Intrinsic value means the value of any conversion feature (if the preferred investment
is convertible) or the value of any liquidation or other preference. Discounts to intrinsic value may be applied in cases where
the issuer s financial condition is impaired or, in cases where intrinsic value relating to a conversion is determined to
be a key input, to account for resale restrictions applicable to the securities issuable upon conversion. 

When valuing warrants, our Valuation Policy
and Procedures indicate that value will generally be the difference between closing price of the underlying equity security and
the exercise price, after applying an appropriate discount for restriction, if applicable, in situations where the underlying security
is marketable. If the underlying security is not marketable, then intrinsic value will be considered consistent with the principles
described above. Generally,  out-of-the-money  warrants will be valued at cost or zero. 

MILL CITY VENTURES III, LTD. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 September 30, 2016 

For non-traded (Level 3) debt securities
with a residual maturity less than or equal to 60 days, the value will generally be the straight-line amortized face value of the
debt unless justification for impairment exists. 

On a quarterly basis, our management provides
members of our Valuation Committee with (i) valuation reports for each portfolio investment (which reports include our cost,, the
most recent prior valuation and any current proposed valuation, and an indication of the valuation methodology used, together with
any other supporting materials); (ii) Mill City Ventures  bank and other statements pertaining to our cash and cash equivalents;
and (iii) quarter- or period-end statements from our custodial firms holding any of our portfolio investments. The committee then
discusses these materials and, consistent with the policies and approaches outlined above, makes final determinations respecting
the valuation of our portfolio investments. 

We made no changes to our Valuation Policy
and Procedures during the reporting period. 

Level 3 valuation information : Due
to the inherent uncertainty in the valuation process, the estimate of the fair value of our investment portfolio as of September
30, 2016 may differ materially from values that would have been used had a readily available market for the securities existed. 

The following table presents the fair value
measurements of our portfolio investments by major class, as of September 30, 2016, according to the fair value hierarchy: 

The following table presents the fair value
measurements of our portfolio investments by major class, as of December 31, 2015, according to the fair value hierarchy 

The following table presents a reconciliation
of the beginning and ending fair value balances for our Level 3 portfolio investment assets for the nine months ended September
30, 2016: 

MILL CITY VENTURES III, LTD. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 September 30, 2016 

The net change in unrealized appreciation
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 attributable to Level 3 portfolio investments still held at September 30, 2016 is
$350,202, and is included in net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments on the statement of operations. 

The following table presents a reconciliation
of the beginning and ending fair value balances for our Level 3 portfolio investment assets for the period ended December 31, 2015: 

The net change in unrealized appreciation
for the period ended December 31, 2015 attributable to Level 3 portfolio investments still held at December 31, 2015 was $(1,235,987),
and is included in net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments on the statement of operations. 

There were no significant transfers
between Levels 1 and 2 and no transfers in or out of Level 3. 

NOTE 5   RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

We maintain a Code of Ethics and certain other policies relating
to conflicts of interest and related-party transactions, as well as policies and procedures relating to what regulations applicable
to BDCs generally describe as  affiliate transactions.  Nevertheless, from time to time we may hold investments in
portfolio companies in which certain members of our management, our Board of Directors, or significant shareholders of ours, are
also directly or indirectly invested. Our Board of Directors has adopted a policy to require our disclosure of these instances
in our periodic filings with the SEC. Our related-party transactions requiring disclosure under this policy are: 

Mr. Joseph A. Geraci, II, our Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Douglas M. Polinsky, our Chief Executive Officer, hold direct
and indirect interests in the common stock of Southern Plains Resources, Inc., a company in which we made investments in common
stock in each of March and July 2013.   

A former director of our company, Christopher Larson, had a direct interest in Mix 1 Life, Inc. and served as that company s
Chief Financial Officer at the time of a portfolio investment we made in secured convertible debt of Mix 1 Life (together with
common stock purchase warrants) in February 2014. In June 2014, Mr. Larson became a director of Mix 1 Life. In August 2014, we
exercised our common stock purchase warrant on a cashless basis for the purchase of Mix 1 Life common stock. In March 2015, we
invested in additional secured debt of Mix 1 Life. Mr. Larson resigned from his position as a director of Mill City Ventures in
November 2015.   

Lantern Advisors, LLC is a limited liability company equally owned by Messrs. Geraci and Polinsky, and owns a cashless warrant
to purchase up to 153,846 shares of Creative Realities, Inc. at a price of $0.70 per share through July 14, 2019. We made an initial
investment in secured convertible debt of Creative Realities (together with common stock purchase warrants) in February 2015, and
then a subsequent investment in secured convertible debt of Creative Realities (together with common stock purchase warrants) in
December 2015. In December 2015, we also exchanged our common stock purchase warrant obtained in February 2015 for shares of Creative
Realities common stock.   

MILL CITY VENTURES III, LTD. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 September 30, 2016 

NOTE 6   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

We have an agreement to lease approximately
1,917 square feet of commercial space, and two parking spots, for a period of 62 months. The 62-month lease term began October
1, 2013 and runs through November 30, 2018. The total rent expense for the three-and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016
was $21,571 and $60,175. The table below sets forth the required annual minimum lease payments: 

NOTE 7   INCOME TAXES  

We plan to be taxed as a regulated investment
company, or  RIC,  and intend to comply with the requirements of the Code applicable to RICs. Currently, however, we
have not elected to be treated as a RIC. Upon our election to be taxed as a RIC, we will be required to distribute at least 90%
of our investment company taxable income, and we intend at that time to distribute to shareholders (or retain through a deemed
distribution) all of our investment company taxable income and net capital gain. Based on the foregoing, we have made no provision
for income taxes. The characterization of income and gains that we will distribute is determined in accordance with income tax
regulations that may differ from GAAP. Book and tax basis differences relating to shareholder dividends and distributions and other
permanent book and tax differences are reclassified to paid-in capital. 

NOTE 8   SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY  

At September 30, 2016, we had 12,151,493 shares of common stock
issued and outstanding. 

NOTE 9   PER-SHARE INFORMATION  

Basic net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss
by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. A reconciliation of the numerator and denominator
used in the calculation of basic and diluted net gain (loss) per common share is set forth below: 

At September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company did not have any
options or warrants outstanding or any other dilutive common equivalent shares. 

MILL CITY VENTURES III, LTD. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 September 30, 2016 

NOTE 10   FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS  

The following is a schedule of financial highlights for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

(1)  Per-share data was derived using the weighted-average number of shares outstanding for the period.   

(2)  Based on the monthly average of net assets as of the beginning and end of each period presented.   

(3)  Ratios are annualized.   

NOTE 11   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

On November 8, 2016,
we notified Mix 1 Life Inc. that it was out of compliance with the terms of our forbearance agreement and demanded payment of all
amounts owing under the two promissory notes we hold that were issued by Mix 1 Life. This notice was also provided to a guarantor
of obligations under one of the two notes, and to two pledgors who pledged shares of Mix 1 Life as collateral security for obligations
under that same note. The notice we provided initiated the process required for us to foreclose upon the shares pledged to us.  

ITEM 2.    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Our Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) is intended to provide a reader of our financial statements with a
narrative from the perspective of management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors
that may affect our future results. In addition, unless expressly stated otherwise, the comparisons presented in this MD A
refer to the same period in the prior year. Our MD A is presented in seven sections: 

Overview   

Portfolio and Investment Activity   

Results of Operations   

Financial Condition   

Critical Accounting Estimates   

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   

Forward Looking Statements   

OVERVIEW  

Mill City Ventures III, Ltd. is an investment
company incorporated in the State of Minnesota on January 10, 2006. In this report, we generally refer to Mill City Ventures III,
Ltd. in the first person  we.  On occasion, we refer to our company in the third person as  Mill City Ventures 
or the  company.  

We are an internally managed closed-end non-diversified
management investment company. We have elected to be regulated as a business development company, or  BDC,  under the
Investment Company Act of 1940 (the  1940 Act ). To date, we have not made an election to be treated as a regulated
investment company, or  RIC,  under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the  Code ). 

We primarily focus on investing in or lending
to privately held and small-cap publicly traded U.S. companies, and making managerial assistance available to such companies. These
investments are typically structured as purchases of preferred or common stock, investment contracts, or loans evidenced by promissory
notes that may be convertible into stock by their terms or that may be accompanied by the issuance to us of warrants or similar
rights to purchase stock. Our investments may be made for purposes of financing acquisitions, recapitalizations, buyouts, organic
growth and working capital. Our future revenues will relate to the gain we realize from the sale of securities we purchase, and
to dividends and interest we derive from those securities. Our investment objective is to generate both current income and capital
appreciation that ultimately become gains. 

Our principal sources of income are interest
and dividends we earn on our investments, and proceeds from the sale or redemption of our investments. Our statements of operations
also reflect gain from increases in the carrying value of our investments (i.e., unrealized appreciation). Our principal expenses
relate to operating expenses, the largest components of which are generally professional fees, payroll, occupancy, and insurance
expenses. Our statements of operations also reflect loss from decreases in the carrying value of our investments (i.e., unrealized
depreciation). 

As a BDC, we are required to comply with certain
regulatory requirements. For example, we must invest at least 70% of our total assets in  qualifying assets,  including
securities of private or small-cap publicly traded U.S. companies and cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities and high
quality debt investments that mature in one year or less. We may from time to time invest up to 30% of our assets opportunistically
in other types of investments, including the securities of larger public companies and foreign securities. In addition, we will
be permitted, under certain conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of stock senior to our common stock,
but only if our  asset coverage,  as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least equal to 200% immediately after each such
issuance. In addition, while any senior securities remain outstanding, we must not make any dividend distribution to our shareholders
or repurchase securities unless we meet the applicable asset-coverage ratios at the time of the dividend distribution or repurchase.
We may also borrow amounts up to 5% of the value of our total assets for temporary or emergency purposes. 

Our MD A should be read in conjunction
with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, as well as our reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K and
other publicly available information. All amounts herein are unaudited. In addition, the following discussion of our results of
operations and financial condition should be read in the context of this overview. 

PORTFOLIO AND INVESTMENT ACTIVITY  

During the three months ended September 30,
2016, we made $827,915 of investments in portfolio companies and had approximately $350,549 of redemptions and repayments, resulting
in net investments at amortized cost of $7,538,930 for the period. 

During the three months ended September 30,
2015, we made $1,280,000 of investments in portfolio companies and had approximately $20,781 of redemptions and repayments, resulting
in net investments at amortized cost of $7,218,131 for the period. 

During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, we made $2,049,581 of investments in portfolio companies and had $1,381,928 of redemptions and repayments, resulting in net
investments at amortized cost of $7,538,930 for the period. 

During the nine months ended September 30,
2015, we made $3,121,399 of investments in portfolio companies and had $1,463,376 of redemptions and repayments, resulting in net
investments at amortized cost of $7,218,131 for the period. 

Our portfolio composition by major class, based
on fair value at September 30, 2016, was as follows: 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

Our operating results for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 were as follows: 

Investment Income   

We generate revenue primarily in the form of
interest income and capital gains, if any, on the debt securities we own. We may also generate revenue from dividends and capital
gains on equity investments we make, if any, or on warrants or other equity interests that we may acquire. In some cases, the interest
on our investments may accrue or be paid in the form of additional debt. The principal amount of the debt instruments, together
with any accrued but unpaid interest thereon, will generally become due at the maturity date of those debt instruments. We may
also generate revenue in the form of commitment, origination, structuring, diligence, or consulting fees. Any such fees will be
recognized as earned. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, our total investment income was $113,232 and $279,283, respectively, and was attributable to interest income from investments
in portfolio companies. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, total investment income was $119,352 and $430,277,
respectively, and was attributable to interest income from investments in portfolio companies. 

Operating Expenses   

The composition of our operating expenses for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 was as follows: 

Net Realized Gain from Investments   

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, we had $350,549 and $1,381,928, respectively, of principal repayments, resulting in $186,427 and $(346,854), respectively,
of realized gains (losses) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2015, we had $20,781 and $1,463,376, respectively, of principal repayments, resulting in $20,781 and $306,924, respectively,
of realized gains (losses) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation
(Depreciation) on Investments   

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, our investments had $(5,009) and $275,912, respectively, of unrealized appreciation (depreciation). For the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2015, our investments had $(2,604,807) and $(3,282,452), respectively, of unrealized appreciation
(depreciation). 

Changes in Net Assets from Operations   

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, we recorded a net increase (decrease) in net assets from operations of $142,254 and $(233,869), respectively. Based on
the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, our per-share
net increase (decrease) in net assets from operations was $0.01 and $(0.02), respectively. For the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015, we recorded a net decrease in net assets from operations of $(2,635,642) and $(3,023,021), respectively. Based
on the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, our
per-share net decrease in net assets from operations was $(0.22) and $(0.25), respectively. 

Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015   

The level of cash flows used in or provided
by operating activities is affected by the timing of purchases, redemptions and repayments of portfolio investments, among other
factors. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net cash used in operating activities was approximately $906,046. Cash flows
used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were primarily related to purchases of investments totaling
approximately $2,049,581, offset mostly by redemptions and repayments of $1,381,928. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015,
net cash used in operating activities was approximately $1,661,685. Cash flows used in operating activities for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015 were primarily purchases of investments totaling approximately $3,121,399, offset mostly by redemptions
and repayments of $1,463,376. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION  

As of September 30, 2016, we had cash of approximately
$2,074,613, a decrease of $906,046 from December 31, 2015. The primary use of our existing funds and any funds raised in the future
is expected to be for our investments in portfolio companies, cash distributions to our shareholders or for other general corporate
purposes, including paying for operating expenses or debt service to the extent we borrow or issue senior securities. Pending investment
in portfolio companies, our investments may consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high quality debt
securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, which we refer to collectively as  temporary investments. 
As of the date of this filing, we expect that substantially all of our temporary investments will be redeployed into portfolio
company investments by March 31, 2017. 

To the extent our Board of Directors determines
in the future, based on our financial condition and capital market conditions, that additional capital would allow us to take advantage
of additional investment opportunities, we may seek to raise additional equity capital or to engage in borrowing, subject to the
limitations on borrowing applicable to BDCs. 

RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

See Note 5 to our Financial Statements for disclosure of our related-party
transactions and potential conflicts of interest. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES  

Our financial statements are prepared in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or U.S. GAAP, which requires us to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Critical accounting policies are those that require the application
of management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often because of the need to make estimates about the effect
of matters that are inherently uncertain and that may change in subsequent periods. 

In preparing the financial statements, management
will make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements,
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. In preparing the financial statements, management
also will utilize available information, including our past history, industry standards and the current economic environment, among
other factors, in forming its estimates and judgments, giving due consideration to materiality. Actual results will almost certainly
differ from these estimates. In addition, other companies may utilize different estimates, which may impact the comparability of
our results of operations to those of companies in similar businesses. As our expected operating results occur, we will describe
additional critical accounting policies in the notes to our financial statements. Our most critical accounting policies relate
to the valuation of our portfolio investments, and revenue recognition. For more information, see Note 2  Significant Accounting
Policies.  

OFF-BALANCE-SHEET ARRANGEMENTS  

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we did not engage
in any off-balance sheet arrangements as described in Item 303(a)(4) of Regulation S-K. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

Some of the statements made in this section
of our report are forward-looking statements based on our management s current expectations for our company. These expectations
involve assumptions and are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially
from the results expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements relate to future events
or our future financial performance, and can ordinarily be identified by terminology such as  may,   will, 
 should,   expects,   plans,   anticipates,   could,   intends, 
 targets,   projects,   contemplates,   believes,   estimates,   predicts, 
 potential  or  continue  or the negative of these terms or other similar words. Important assumptions
include our ability to identify and consummate new investments, achieve certain margins and levels of profitability, the availability
of any needed additional capital, and the ability to maintain compliance with regulations applicable to us. Some of the forward-looking
statements contained in this report relate to, and are based our current assumptions regarding, the following: 

our future operating results;   

our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies;   

the outcome of compliance inspections conducted from time to time by the SEC s Office of Compliance and Inspections;   

the success of our investments;   

our relationships with third parties;   

the dependence of our success on the general economy and its impact on the industries in which we invest;   

the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives;   

our expected financings and investments;   

our regulatory structure and tax treatment;   

our ability to operate as a BDC and to be taxed as a RIC;   

the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital; and   

the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies.   

The foregoing list is not exhaustive. For a
more complete summary of the risks and uncertainties facing our company and its business and relating to our forward-looking statements,
please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2016 (related to our year ended December 31, 2015) and in particular
the section thereof entitled  Risk Factors.  Because of the significant uncertainties inherent in forward-looking statements
pertaining to our company, the inclusion of those statements should not be regarded as a representation or warranty by us or any
other person that our objectives, plans, expectations or projections that are contained in this filing will be achieved in any
specified time frame, if ever. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances
occurring after the date of this filing. The forward-looking statements made in this report relate only to events as of the date
on which the statements are made, and are excluded from the safe harbor protection provided by Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934. 

ITEM 4.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to provide
reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and
that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. A control system, no matter how well conceived
and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance the objectives of the control system are met. 

As of September 30, 2016, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as such term is defined
in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer concluded our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of September 30, 2016. 

There were no significant changes in our internal controls over
financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter covered by this report that materially affected, or were reasonably
likely to materially affect such controls. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 6.      EXHIBITS 

Exhibit    
  Number   
       
       Description    

3.1 
       
     Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 23, 2013)  

3.2 
       
     Amended and Restated Bylaws of Mill City Ventures III, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant s registration statement on Form 10-SB filed on January 29, 2008)  

31.1 
     *  
     Section 302 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer  

31.2 
     *  
     Section 302 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer  

32.1 
     *  
     Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

* Filed herewith 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly
authorized. 

MILL CITY VENTURES III, LTD.  

Date:  November 14, 2016 
       
     By:   
     /s/ Douglas M. Polinsky  

Douglas M. Polinsky   

Chief Executive Officer   

Date:  November 14, 2016 
       
     By:   
     /s/ Joseph A. Geraci, II  

Joseph A. Geraci, II   

Chief Financial Officer   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452659_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.  1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

Certification  

I, Douglas Polinsky, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Mill City Ventures III, Ltd.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated:  November 14, 2016  
      /s/ Douglas M. Polinsky    

Douglas  M. Polinsky   

Chief Executive Officer    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452659_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.  1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

Certification  

I, Joseph A. Geraci, II, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Mill City Ventures III, Ltd.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated:  November 14, 2016  
      /s/ Joseph A. Geraci, II   

Joseph A. Geraci, II   

Chief Financial Officer    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 v452659_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.  1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Mill City
Ventures III, Ltd. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Douglas Polinsky, Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
and I, Joseph A. Geraci, II, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.  
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

November 14, 2016  
      /s/ Douglas Polinsky   

Douglas  Polinsky   

Chief Executive Officer    

November 14, 2016  
      /s/ Joseph A. Geraci, II   

Joseph A. Geraci, II   

Chief Financial Officer    

</EX-32>

