<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161214_10-Q_edgar_data_1546652_0001213900-16-019401_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1421443</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>53920</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>101763</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>340852</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>539569</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>352381</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>28</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-019401.hdr.sgml : 20161214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161214080101
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-019401
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VanEck Merk Gold Trust
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001546652
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [6221]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36459
		FILM NUMBER:		162050304

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 HANSON PLACE
		CITY:			BROOKLYN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11217
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-323-4341 X109

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 HANSON PLACE
		CITY:			BROOKLYN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11217

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Van Eck Merk Gold Trust
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20151020

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Merk Gold Trust
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120405

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-019401.txt : 20161214

10-Q
 1
 f10q1016_vaneckmerk.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q   

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For
the quarterly period ended October 31, 2016 
 
OR   

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For
the transition period from _______________ to _______________  

Commission
file number: 001-36459  

VANECK
MERK GOLD TRUST   

   (Exact
name of Registrant as specified in its charter)   

New
    York   
         
       46-6582016    
 
       (State
    or other jurisdiction of   
         
       (I.R.S.
    Employer    
 
       incorporation
    or organization)   
         
       Identification
    No.)    

c/o
Merk Investments LLC   

   44
Montgomery St #3730   

   San
Francisco, California 94104   

   (Address
of Principal Executive Offices)   

(650)
323-4341   

   (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code)   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes    No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes    No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one)  

Large
    Accelerated Filer    
      Accelerated
    Filer    
      Non-
    Accelerated Filer    
      Smaller
    reporting company     
 
  (Do
not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate
by checkmark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes    No    

As
of October 31, 2016, the issuer had 12,778,772 shares outstanding.  

VANECK
MERK GOLD TRUST   

   TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements    

VANECK
MERK GOLD TRUST   

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   

This
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, or Quarterly Report, includes statements which relate to future events or future performance. In
some cases, you can identify such forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may,   will,   should, 
 expect,   plan,   anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   predict, 
 potential  or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. All statements (other than statements
of historical fact) included in this Quarterly Report that address activities, events or developments that may occur in the future,
including such matters as changes in commodity prices and market conditions (for gold and the shares), the operations of VanEck
Merk Gold Trust, or Trust, the plans of Merk Investments LLC, the sponsor of the Trust, or Sponsor, and references to the Trust s
future success and other similar matters are forward-looking statements. These statements are only predictions. Actual events
or results may differ materially. These statements are based upon certain assumptions and analyses made by the Sponsor on the
basis of its perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors it
believes are appropriate in the circumstances. Whether or not actual results and developments will conform to the Sponsor s
expectations and predictions is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including the special considerations referenced
in this Quarterly Report, general economic, market and business conditions, changes in laws or regulations, including those concerning
taxes, made by governmental authorities or regulatory bodies, and other world economic and political developments. Consequently,
all the forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report are qualified by these cautionary statements, and there can be
no assurance that the actual results or developments the Sponsor anticipates will be realized or, even if substantially realized,
that they will result in the expected consequences to, or have the expected effects on, the Trust s operations or the value
of the shares. Moreover, neither the Sponsor, nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of
the forward-looking statements. Neither the Trust nor the Sponsor undertakes an obligation to publicly update or conform to actual
results any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as required
by law.  

PART
I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item
1. Financial Statements (Unaudited)   

VanEck
Merk Gold Trust   

   Statements
of Assets and Liabilities   

See notes to unaudited financial statements.  

VanEck
Merk Gold Trust   

   Statements
of Operations   

See notes to unaudited financial statements.  

VanEck
Merk Gold Trust   

   Statements
of Changes in Net Assets   

See notes to unaudited financial statements.  

VanEck
Merk Gold Trust   

   Financial
Highlights   

   Per
Share Performance (for a share outstanding throughout each period)    

(a)
Calculated using average shares outstanding.   

   (b)
Not Annualized.   

   (c)
Annualized.   

See
notes to unaudited financial statements.   

VanEck
Merk Gold Trust   

   Schedules
of Investments   

October
31, 2016 (unaudited)   

January
31, 2016   

(a)
Amount is less than 0.005%.   

See notes to unaudited financial statements.   

VanEck
Merk Gold Trust    

   Notes
to Unaudited Financial Statements   

1.
ORGANIZATION    

The
VanEck Merk Gold Trust (the  Trust  known as the Merk Gold Trust prior to October 26, 2015 and then as the Van Eck
Merk Gold Trust prior to April 28, 2016) is an investment trust formed on May 6, 2014 under New York law pursuant to a depositary
trust agreement. After consideration of Financial Accounting Standards Topic 946, Merk Investments LLC (the  Sponsor )
has concluded the Trust meets the fundamental characteristics of an investment company. In addition, while the Trust does not
currently possess all of the typical characteristics of an investment company, it believes its activities are consistent with
those of an investment company and will therefore apply the guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Topic 946, including disclosure
of the financial support contractually required to be provided by an investment company to any of its investees. The Sponsor is
responsible for, among other things, overseeing the performance of The Bank of New York Mellon (the  Trustee ) and
the Trust s principal service providers, including the preparation of financial statements. The Trustee is responsible for
the day-to-day administration of the Trust.  

Virtu
Financial, also known as the Lead Market Maker, was the Initial Purchaser and contributed 1,000 ounces of Gold in exchange for
100,000 shares on May 6, 2014. At contribution, the value of the gold deposited with the Trust was based on the price of an ounce
of Gold of $1,306.25. The Initial Purchaser is not affiliated with the Sponsor or the Trustee.  

The
Trust s primary objective is to provide investors with an opportunity to invest in gold through the shares and be able to
take delivery of physical gold bullion and gold coins (physical gold) in exchange for their shares. The Trust s secondary
objective is for the shares to reflect the performance of the price of gold less the expenses of the Trust s operations.
The Trust is not actively managed.  

2.
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES    

In
preparing financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ),
management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and disclosures of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported amount of revenue and expenses reported
during the period. Actual results could differ from these estimates.  

The
accompanying audited and unaudited financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP for interim financial information
and with the instructions for the Form 10-Q and the rules and regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.
In the opinion of the Trust s management, all adjustments (which consists of normal recurring adjustments) necessary to
present fairly the financial position and the results of operations, as presented, have been made.  

The
following is a summary of significant accounting policies followed by the Trust.  

2.1.
Valuation of Gold   

FASB
Accounting Standards Codification 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  ( ASC 820 ), provides
a single definition of fair value, a hierarchy for measuring fair value and expanded disclosures about fair value adjustments.  

Various
inputs are used in determining the fair value of the Trust s assets or liabilities. These inputs are categorized into three
broad levels. Level 1 includes unadjusted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 includes other
significant observable market based inputs (including prices for similar securities, interest rates, prepayment speed, and credit
risk). Level 3 includes unobservable inputs, which may include management s own assumptions in determining the fair value
of investments. The Trust does not hold any derivative instruments, and its assets only consist of allocated gold bullion and
gold receivable; representing gold covered by contractually binding orders for the creation of Shares where the gold has not yet
been transferred to the Trust s account and, from time to time, cash, which is used to pay expenses.  

The
following table summarizes the inputs used as of October 31, 2016 in determining the Trust s investments at fair value for
purposes of ASC 820:  

There
were no transfers between levels during the period.  

The
following table summarizes the inputs used as of January 31, 2016 in determining the Trust s investments at fair value for
purposes of ASC 820:  

There
were no transfers between levels during the period.  

London
Gold Delivery Bars are held by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (the  Custodian ), on behalf of the Trust, at the London,
United Kingdom vaulting premises. All gold is valued based on its Fine Ounce content, calculated by multiplying the weight of
gold by its purity; the same methodology is applied independent of the type of gold held by the Trust; similarly, the value of
up to 430 Fine Ounces of unallocated gold the Trust may hold is calculated by multiplying the number of Fine Ounces with the price
of gold determined by the Trustee as follows. The Trustee determines the net asset value (the  NAV ) of the Trust
on each day that NYSE Arca is open for regular trading, as promptly as practical after 4:00 PM New York time. The NAV of the Trust
is the aggregate value of the Trust s assets less its estimated accrued but unpaid liabilities (which include accrued expenses).
The Trustee computes the NAV per Share by dividing the net assets of the Trust by the number of the shares outstanding on the
date the computation is made.  

In
determining the Trust s NAV, the Trustee values the gold held by the Trust based on the afternoon session of the twice daily
fix of the price of a Fine Ounce of gold which starts at 3:00 PM London, England time and is performed in London by the ICE Benchmark
Administration as an independent third-party administrator (the  LBMA PM Gold Price ). The Trustee also determines
the NAV per Share. If on a day when the Trust s NAV is being calculated the LBMA PM Gold Price for that day is not available,
the Trustee will value the gold held by the Trust based on that day s morning session of the twice daily fix of the price
of a Fine Ounce of gold, which starts at 10:30 AM London, England time and is performed in London by the ICE Benchmark Administration
as a independent third-party administrator (the  LBMA AM Gold Price ). If no fix is available for the day, the Trustee
will value the Trust s gold based on the most recently announced LBMA AM Gold Price or LBMA PM Gold Price. Prior to March
20, 2015, the Trustee utilized the daily fix of the price of a Fine Ounce of gold as performed by the five members of the London
gold fix, which has now been replaced by the ICE Benchmark Administration as an independent third-party administrator.  

2.2.
Expenses    

The
Trustee issues shares to pay the Sponsor s fee; the Sponsor pays the Trust s ordinary expenses. The NAV of the Trust
is used to compute the Sponsor s fee, and the Trustee subtracts from the NAV of the Trust the amount of accrued Sponsor s
fee. To the extent the Trust issues additional shares to pay the Sponsor s fee or sells gold to cover expenses or liabilities,
the amount of gold represented by each share will decrease. New deposits of gold, received in exchange for new shares issued by
the Trust, would not reverse this trend.  

2.3.
Creations   Redemptions of Shares    

Shares
are issued and redeemed by the Trust in blocks of 50,000 shares called  Baskets  in exchange for gold from certain
registered broker-dealers or other securities market participants ( Authorized Participants ). Investors that are
not Authorized Participants may also take delivery of physical gold in exchange for their shares ( Delivery Applicants ).  

Authorized
Participants   

The
Trust issues and redeems Baskets only to Authorized Participants. The creation and redemption of Baskets will only be made in
exchange for the delivery to the Trust or the distribution by the Trust of the amount of gold represented by the Baskets being
created or redeemed, the amount of which will be based on the combined Fine Ounces represented by the number of shares included
in the Baskets being created or redeemed determined on the day the order to create or redeem Baskets is properly received.  

Orders
to create and redeem Baskets may be placed only by Authorized Participants. An Authorized Participant must: (1) be a registered
broker-dealer or other securities market participant, such as a bank or other financial institution, which, but for an exclusion
from registration, would be required to register as a broker-dealer to engage in securities transactions, (2) be a participant
in DTC, and (3) must have an agreement with the Custodian establishing an unallocated account in London or have an existing unallocated
account meeting the standards described herein. To become an Authorized Participant, a person must enter into an Authorized Participant
Agreement with the Sponsor and the Trustee. The Authorized Participant Agreement provides the procedures for the creation and
redemption of Baskets and for the delivery of the gold required for such creations and redemptions. The Authorized Participant
Agreement and the related procedures attached thereto may be amended by the Trustee and the Sponsor, without the consent of any
investor or Authorized Participant. A transaction fee of $500 will be assessed on all creation and redemption transactions. Multiple
Baskets may be created on the same day, provided each Basket meets the requirements described below and that the Custodian is
able to allocate gold to the Trust Allocated Account such that the Trust Unallocated Account holds no more than 430 Fine Ounces
of gold at the close of a business day.  

Authorized
Participants who make deposits with the Trust in exchange for Baskets will receive no fees, commissions or other form of compensation
or inducement of any kind from either the Sponsor or the Trust, and no such person has any obligation or responsibility to the
Sponsor or the Trust to affect any sale or resale of shares.  

Delivery
Applicants   

In
exchange for its shares and payment of a processing fee, a Delivery Applicant will be entitled to one or more bars or coins of
physical gold having approximately the total Fine Ounces represented by the shares on the day on which the Delivery Applicant s
broker-dealer submits his or her shares to the Trust in exchange for physical gold ( Share Submission Day ). As it
is unlikely that the total Fine Ounces of physical gold will exactly correspond to the Fine Ounces represented by a specific number
of shares, a Delivery Applicant will likely receive some cash representing the net sale proceeds of any excess Fine Ounces (the
 Cash Proceeds ). To minimize the Cash Proceeds of any exchange, the delivery application requires that the number
of shares submitted closely correspond in Fine Ounces to the Fine Ounces of physical gold that is held or that is to be acquired
by the Trust for which the delivery is sought. Share submissions are processed in the order approved.  

Changes
in the shares for the period ending October 31, 2016 are as follows:  

Changes
in the shares for the year ending January 31, 2016 are as follows:  

2.4.
Income Taxes    

The
Trust is treated as a  grantor trust  for US federal tax purposes. As a result, the Trust itself is not subject to
US federal income tax. Instead, the Trust's income and expenses  flow through  to the shareholders and the Trustee
reports the Trust's income, gains, losses and deductions to the Internal Revenue Service on that basis.  

The
Sponsor has evaluated whether or not there are uncertain tax positions that require financial statement recognition and has determined
that no reserves for uncertain tax positions are required as of October 31, 2016.  

2.5.
Revenue Recognition Policy    

A
gain or loss is recognized based on the difference between the selling price and the average cost method of the gold sold on a
trade date basis.  

3.
INVESTMENT IN GOLD    

The
following represents the changes in ounces of gold and the respective fair value at October 31, 2016:  

The
following represents the changes in ounces of gold and the respective fair value at January 31, 2016:  

4.
RELATED PARTIES - SPONSOR, TRUSTEE, CUSTODIAN AND MARKETING FEES    

Fees
paid are to the Sponsor as compensation for services performed under the Trust Agreement. The Sponsor's fee is payable at an annualized
rate of 0.40% of the Trust s NAV, accrued on a daily basis computed on the prior Business Day s NAV and paid monthly
in arrears.  

The
Sponsor has agreed to assume the following administrative and marketing expenses incurred by the Trust: the Trustee s monthly
fee and out-of-pocket expenses; the Custodian s fee; the marketing support fees and expenses; expenses reimbursable under
the Custody Agreement; the precious metals dealer s fees and expenses reimbursable under its agreement with the Sponsor;
exchange listing fees; Securities and Exchange Commission registration fees; printing and mailing costs; maintenance expenses
for the Trust s website; audit fees; and up to $100,000 per annum in legal expenses.  

Affiliates
of the Trustee, as well as affiliates of the Custodian may from time to time act as Authorized Participants to purchase or sell
gold or shares for their own account, as agent for their customers and for accounts over which they exercise investment discretion.  

On
October 22, 2015, the Sponsor, for the benefit of the Trust, entered into a Marketing Agent Agreement (the  Marketing Agreement )
with Van Eck Securities Corporation ( VanEck  or  Marketing Agent ). Pursuant to the Marketing Agreement,
VanEck now provides assistance in the marketing of the Shares. The obligations created by the Marketing Agreement are obligations
of the Sponsor of the Trust and any fees payable under the Marketing Agreement to VanEck are payable from the Sponsor's fee (as
calculated and defined in the Trust Agreement). The Trust will not incur additional financial or other performance obligations
pursuant to the Marketing Agreement.  

5.
SHAREHOLDER OWNERSHIP    

Merk
Hard Currency Fund owned a market value of $17,696,148 (1,397,800 shares) which equates to 10.94% ownership in the Trust as of
October 31, 2016.  

6.
CONCENTRATION OF RISK    

The
Trust s sole business activity is the investment in gold bullion. Several factors could affect the price of gold: (i) global
gold supply and demand, which is influenced by such factors as forward selling by gold producers, purchases made by gold producers
to unwind gold hedge positions, central bank purchases and sales, and production and cost levels in major gold-producing countries;
(ii) investors  expectations with respect to the rate of inflation; (iii) currency exchange rates; (iv) interest rates;
(v) investment and trading activities of hedge funds and commodity funds; and (vi) global or regional political, economic or financial
events and situations. In addition, there is no assurance that gold will maintain its long-term value in terms of purchasing power
in the future. In the event that the price of gold declines, the Sponsor expects the value of an investment in the shares to decline
proportionately. Each of these events could have a material adverse effect on the Trust s financial position and results
of operations.  

7.
INDEMNIFICATION    

Under
the Trust s organizational documents, each of the Trustee (and its directors, employees and agents) and the Sponsor (and
its members, managers, directors, officers, employees, affiliates) is indemnified against any liability, cost or expense it incurs
without gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct on its part and without reckless disregard on its part of its obligations
and duties under the Trust s organizational documents. The Trust s maximum exposure under these arrangements is unknown
as this would involve future claims that may be made against the Trust that have not yet occurred. However, based on industry
experience, management believes the risk of loss is remote.  

8.
SUBSEQUENT EVENTS   

Management
has evaluated the events and transactions that have occurred through the date the financial statements were issued and noted no
items requiring adjustment of the financial statements or additional disclosures.  

*
* *  

This
report is submitted for the general information of the shareholders. It is not authorized for distribution to prospective investors
unless preceded or accompanied by an effective prospectus, which includes information regarding the Trust s risks, objectives,
fees and expenses and other information.  

Item
2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

This
information should be read in conjunction with the unaudited financial statements and notes to the unaudited financial statements
included in Item 1 of Part 1 of this Form 10-Q. The discussion and analysis that follows may contain forward-looking statements
with respect to the VanEck Merk Gold Trust s financial conditions, operations, future performance and business. These statements
can be identified by the use of the words  may ,    should ,    expect ,  
 plan ,    anticipate ,    believe ,    estimate ,    predict ,  
 potential  or similar words and phrases. These statements are based upon certain assumptions and analyses Merk Investments
LLC, the Sponsor, has made based on its perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments.
Neither the Trust nor the Sponsor is under a duty to update any of the forward looking statements, to conform such statements
to actual results or to reflect a change in management s expectations or predictions.   

Introduction   

The
VanEck Merk Gold Trust (the  Trust  known as the Merk Gold Trust prior to October 26, 2015 and then as the Van Eck
Merk Gold Trust prior to April 28, 2016) was formed pursuant to a depositary trust agreement (the  Trust Agreement )
on May 6, 2014 under New York law. The Trust is not managed like a corporation or an active investment vehicle. It does not have
any officers, directors, or employees and is administered by The Bank of New York Mellon (the  Trustee ) pursuant
to the Trust Agreement. The Trust is not registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended,
and is not required to register under such act. It will not hold or trade in commodity futures contracts, nor is it a commodity
pool, or subject to regulation as a commodity pool operator or a commodity trading adviser in connection with issuing shares.  

The
Trust s primary objective is to provide investors with an opportunity to invest in gold through the shares and be able to
take delivery of physical gold bullion and gold coins ( physical gold ) in exchange for those shares. The Trust s
secondary objective is for the shares to reflect the performance of the price of gold less the expenses of the Trust s operations.
Each share represents a fractional undivided beneficial interest in the Trust s net assets. The Trust s assets consist
principally of gold held on the Trust s behalf in financial institutions for safekeeping. Physical gold that the Trust will
hold includes London Bars and, for the limited purposes described herein, other gold bars and coins, without numismatic value,
having a minimum fineness (or purity) of 995 parts per 1,000 (99.5%) or, for American Gold Eagle gold coins, with a minimum fineness
of 91.67%.  

Shares
are issued by the Trust only in blocks of 50,000 shares called  Baskets  in exchange for gold from certain registered
broker-dealers or other securities market participants ( Authorized Participants ). See  Creation and Redemption
of Shares -  Authorized Participants   in the notes to our financial statements for requirements to qualify as an Authorized
Participant. Baskets may be redeemed by the Trust in exchange for the amount of gold corresponding to their redemption value.
The Trust issues and redeems Baskets on an ongoing basis at net asset value to Authorized Participants who have entered into a
contract with the Sponsor and the Trustee.  

Shares
of the Trust trade on the New York Stock Exchange (the  NYSE ) Arca under the symbol  OUNZ .  

Valuation
of Gold and Computation of Net Asset Value   

The
Trustee determines the net asset value (the  NAV ) of the Trust on each day that NYSE Arca is open for regular trading,
as promptly as practical after 4:00 PM New York time. The NAV of the Trust is the aggregate value of the Trust s assets
less its estimated accrued but unpaid liabilities (which include accrued expenses).  

In
determining the Trust s NAV, the Trustee values the gold held by the Trust based on the afternoon session of the twice daily
fix of the price of a Fine Ounce of gold which starts at 3:00 PM London, England time and is performed in London by the ICE Benchmark
Administration as an independent third-party administrator (the  LBMA PM Gold Price ). The Trustee also determines
the NAV per share. If on a day when the Trust s NAV is being calculated the LBMA PM Gold Price for that day is not available,
the Trustee will value the gold held by the Trust based on that day s morning session of the twice daily fix of the price
of a Fine Ounce of gold, which starts at 10:30 AM London, England time and is performed in London by the ICE Benchmark Administration
as an independent third-party administrator (the  LBMA AM Gold Price ). If no fix is available for the day, the Trustee
will value the Trust s gold based on the most recently announced LBMA AM Gold Price or LBMA PM Gold Price. Prior to March
20, 2015, the Trustee utilized the daily fix of the price of a Fine Ounce of gold as performed by the five members of the London
gold fix, which has now been replaced by the ICE Benchmark Administration as an independent third-party administrator.  

If
the Sponsor determines that such price is inappropriate to use, it shall identify an alternate basis for evaluation to be employed
by the Trustee. The Sponsor may instruct the Trustee to use a different publicly available price which the Sponsor determines
to fairly represent the commercial value of the Trust s gold.  

Van
Eck Agreements   

On
October 22, 2015, the Sponsor and the Trustee entered into a First Amendment To Depositary Trust Agreement (the  First Trust
Amendment ), amending the Trust Agreement, dated as of May 6, 2014, to effectuate a change in the name of the Trust from
 Merk Gold Trust  to  Van Eck Merk Gold Trust,  effective as of October 26, 2015. As a result of the name
change, all references to  Merk Gold Trust  in the Trust Agreement were amended to read  Van Eck Merk Gold Trust, 
and the shares offered by the Trust were known as the  Van Eck Merk Gold Shares  ( Shares ).  

On
October 22, 2015, the Sponsor, for the benefit of the Trust, entered into a Marketing Agent Agreement (the  Marketing Agreement )
with Van Eck Securities Corporation ( VanEck  or  Marketing Agent ). Pursuant to the Marketing Agreement,
VanEck now provides assistance in the marketing of the Shares. The obligations created by the Marketing Agreement are obligations
of the Sponsor of the Trust and any fees payable under the Marketing Agreement to VanEck are payable from the Sponsor s
fee (as calculated and defined in the Trust Agreement). The Trust will not incur additional financial or other performance obligations
pursuant to the Marketing Agreement.  

The
Sponsor entered into the First Trust Amendment and effectuated the name change of the Trust in satisfaction of a term of the Marketing
Agreement. The Marketing Agreement further grants VanEck the right to elect to replace Merk as the sponsor of the Trust under
specific qualifying circumstances, subject to the execution and consummation of definitive agreements addressing all regulatory
requirements applicable to such transaction and satisfaction of such requirements, and announcement and related reporting at such
time. Specifically, VanEck has a right of first refusal for the purchase of the sponsorship of the Trust, and all rights attributable
thereto, upon the earlier of a commitment for a change of control of Merk or 15 years from the date of the Marketing Agreement.
Additionally, VanEck may elect to replace Merk as the sponsor of the Trust upon the earlier of the average daily net assets of
the Trust during a calendar quarter not attributable to Shares held by Merk or its affiliates ( Third Party Assets )
equaling $500 million, or VanEck s compensation under the fee provisions of the Marketing Agreement reaching in aggregate
10% of the gross proceeds from sale of the Shares (the  Maximum Fee ).  

Merk
further agreed that if the Third Party Assets equal or exceed $500 million, for such period as Merk remains sponsor of the Trust,
VanEck may propose the rate of the Sponsor s fee to Merk, which Merk shall not unreasonably reject and shall timely adopt
if reasonable, provided, VanEck acknowledges that only the formal named sponsor of the Trust shall have the right to set the Sponsor s
fee at any time.  

On
April 28, 2016, the Sponsor and the Trustee entered into a Second Amendment to Depositary Trust Agreement (the  Second Trust
Amendment ), amending the Trust Agreement to effectuate a second change in the name of the Trust from  Van Eck Merk
Gold Trust  to  VanEck Merk Gold Trust,  at the request of the Marketing Agent to reflect its rebranding as
 VanEck . As a result of the name change, all references to  Van Eck Merk Gold Trust  in the Trust Agreement
were amended to read  VanEck Merk Gold Trust,  and the shares offered by the Trust are now known as the  VanEck
Merk Gold Shares . Except for the name change effected pursuant to the Second Trust Amendment, the Trust Agreement remains
in full force and effect on its existing terms.  

Results
from Operations   

The
Trust is a trust formed on May 6, 2014 under New York law pursuant to the Trust Agreement. After consideration of Financial Accounting
Standards Topic 946, the Sponsor has concluded that for financial statement reporting purposes the Trust meets the fundamental
characteristics of an investment company. In addition, while the Trust does not currently possess all of the typical characteristics
of an investment company, the Sponsor believes the Trust s activities are consistent with those of an investment company
and will therefore apply the guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Topic 946, including disclosure of the financial support
contractually required to be provided by an investment company to any of its investees. The Sponsor is responsible for, among
other things, overseeing the performance of The Bank of New York Mellon (the  Trustee ) and the Trust s principal
service providers, including the preparation of financial statements. The Trustee is responsible for the day-to-day administration
of the Trust.  

The
Quarter Ended October 31, 2016 and 2015   

The
Trust s net asset value, or NAV, grew from $158,773,365 at July 31, 2016 to $160,951,099 at October 31, 2016, a 1% increase,
compared to a 26% increase from $62,987,480 at July 31, 2015 to $79,145,619 at October 31, 2015. The increase in the Trust s
NAV in the quarter ended October 31, 2016 resulted from an increase in the number of outstanding shares, which rose from 11,936,241
shares at July 31, 2016 to 12,778,772 shares at October 31, 2016; the number of outstanding shares at October 31, 2015 was 6,969,119.
Additionally, 12,523 shares were created in the quarter ended October 31, 2016 for Sponsor s fees, compared to 6,682 shares
for such purpose in the quarter ended October 31, 2015. The increase in Sponsor s fees shares is a result of the increased
NAV of the Trust, as Sponsor s fees are payable at an annualized rate of 0.40% of the Trust s NAV, accrued on a daily
basis computed on the prior business day s NAV and paid monthly in arrears.  

The
Trust s NAV per share decreased approximately 5% during the quarter ended October 31, 2016, starting at $13.30 per share
and ending at $12.60 per share, compared to an increase of approximately 4%, from $10.93 to $11.36 during the quarter ended October
31, 2015. The Trust s NAV per share decreased slightly more than the price per ounce of gold on a percentage basis due to
the Sponsor s fees. The NAV per share of $13.52 on August 2, 2016 was the highest during the quarter, compared with a low
of $12.40 on October 14, 2016.  

The
change in net assets from operations for the quarter ended October 31, 2016 was $(8,762,966), resulting from the Sponsor s
fees of $(161,497), a net realized gain of $18,181 on gold bullion distributed for the redemption of shares and a net change in
unrealized appreciation/depreciation on investments in gold bullion of $(8,619,650). In comparison, the change in net assets from
operations for the quarter ended October 31, 2015 was $2,488,179 resulting from the Sponsor s fees of $(75,153), no net
realized loss or gain on gold bullion distributed for the redemption of shares and a net change in unrealized appreciation/depreciation
on investments in gold bullion of $2,563,332.   

Other
than the Sponsor s fees, the Trust had no expenses during the quarter ended October 31, 2016 or the quarter ended October
31, 2015.   

The
Nine Months Ended October 31, 2016 and 2015   

The
Trust s NAV grew from $83,657,961 at January 31, 2016 to $160,951,099 at October 31, 2016, a 92% increase. The increase
in the Trust s NAV resulted primarily from an increase in the price per share tied to the increasing price of gold and an
increase in the number of outstanding shares, which rose from 7,576,528 shares at January 31, 2016 to 12,778,772 shares at October
31, 2016. In comparison, the Trust s NAV increased from $64,750,583 at January 31, 2015 to $79,145,619 at October 31, 2015,
a 22% increase, with an increase in the number of outstanding shares from 5,152,630 shares at January 31, 2015 to 6,969,119 shares
at October 31, 2015. Additionally, 31,203 shares were created in the nine months ended October 31, 2016 for Sponsor s fees,
compared to 17,193 shares for such purpose in the nine months ended October 31, 2015.  

The
Trust s NAV per share increased approximately 14% during the nine months ended October 31, 2016, starting at $11.04 per
share and ending at $12.60 per share, compared to a decrease of approximately 10%, from $12.57 to $11.36 during the nine months
ended October 31, 2015.  

The
Trust s NAV per share increased slightly less than the price of gold on a percentage basis due to the Sponsor s fees,
which were $398,223 for the period, compared to $197,888 for the nine months ended October 31, 2015. Other than the Sponsor s
fees, the Trust had no expenses during the nine months ended October 31, 2016 or the nine months ended October 31, 2015.   

Marketing
Agent Fees   

From
October 22, 2015, the date of initiation of the Marketing Agent s efforts on behalf of the Trust, through October 31, 2016,
the aggregate fees payable by the Sponsor to the Marketing Agent equaled $0, which represents 0% of the Maximum Fee potentially
payable to the Marketing Agent pursuant to the Marketing Agent Agreement calculated as of October 31, 2016.  

Liquidity
  Capital Resources   

The
Trust is not aware of any trends, demands, commitments, events or uncertainties that are reasonably likely to result in material
changes to its liquidity needs. In exchange for the Sponsor s fee, the Sponsor has agreed to assume most of the expenses
incurred by the Trust. As a result, the only ordinary expense of the Trust during the period covered by this report was the Sponsor s
fee.  

The
Trustee will, at the direction of the Sponsor or in its own discretion, sell the Trust s gold as necessary to pay the Trust s
expenses not otherwise assumed by the Sponsor. The Trustee will not sell gold to pay the Sponsor s fee but will pay the
Sponsor s fee in shares in lieu of cash. At October 31, 2016 and at October 31, 2015, the Trust did not have any cash balances.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements   

The
Trust has no off-balance sheet arrangements.  

Critical
Accounting Policies   

The
unaudited financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. The preparation of these unaudited financial statements relies on estimates and assumptions that
impact the Trust s financial position and results of operations. These estimates and assumptions affect the Trust s
application of accounting policies. In addition, please refer to Note 2 to the unaudited financial statements for further discussion
of accounting policies.  

Effective
May 6, 2014, the Trust has adopted the provisions of Topic 946, Investment Companies, and follows specialized accounting.  

Investment
by Certain Retirement Plans   

Section
408(m) of the Internal Revenue Code, as amended (the  Code ), provides that the purchase of a  collectible 
as an investment for an individual retirement account (an  IRA ) or for an individually directed account maintained
under a plan that is tax-qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code (a  Tax-Qualified Account ) is treated as a taxable
distribution from the account to the owner of the IRA, or to the participant for whom the Tax-Qualified Account is maintained,
of an amount equal to the cost to the account of acquiring the collectible. The Trust has received a private letter ruling from
the Internal Revenue Service which provides that the acquisition of shares by the trustee or custodian of an IRA or a Tax-Qualified
Account will not constitute the acquisition of a collectible, and thus, a Tax-Qualified Account owning shares will not be treated
as having made a distribution to the IRA owner or plan participant under Code section 408(m) solely by virtue of owning such shares.
However, in the event any redemption of shares results in the distribution of gold coins or gold bullion to an IRA or a Tax-Qualified
Account, such distribution would constitute the acquisition of a collectible and therefore a distribution from the account, except
to the extent the those gold coins or gold bullion satisfies section 408(m)(3) of the Code.  

Investors
who are considering exchanging their shares for gold coins or gold bullion should consult with their tax advisors regarding the
tax implications thereof before doing so.  

ERISA
and Related Considerations   

The
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ( ERISA ), and/or section 4975 of the Code impose certain
requirements on employee benefit plans and certain other plans and arrangements, including IRAs and individual retirement annuities,
Keogh plans, and certain collective investment funds or insurance company general or separate accounts in which such plans or
arrangements are invested, that are subject to ERISA and/or the Code (collectively,  Plans ), and on persons who are
fiduciaries with respect to the investment of assets treated as  plan assets  of a Plan. Investments by Plans are
subject to the fiduciary requirements and the applicability of prohibited transaction restrictions under ERISA.  

Government
plans and some church plans are not subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of ERISA or the provisions of section 4975
of the Code, but may be subject to substantially similar rules under state or other federal law. Fiduciaries of any such plans
are advised to consult with their counsel prior to an investment in shares.  

In
contemplating an investment of a portion of Plan assets in shares, the Plan fiduciary responsible for making such investment should
carefully consider, taking into account the facts and circumstances of the Plan, the  Risk Factors  discussed below
and whether such investment is consistent with its fiduciary responsibilities, including, but not limited to: (a) whether the
fiduciary has the authority to make the investment under the appropriate governing plan instrument; (b) whether the investment
would constitute a direct or indirect non-exempt prohibited transaction with a party in interest; (c) the Plan s funding
objectives; and (d) whether under the general fiduciary standards of investment prudence and diversification such investment is
appropriate for the Plan, taking into account the overall investment policy of the Plan, the composition of the Plan s investment
portfolio and the Plan s need for sufficient liquidity to pay benefits when due.  

Item
3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

The
Trust does not engage in transactions in foreign currencies which could expose the Trust or holders of shares to any foreign currency
related market risk. The Trust does not invest in any derivative financial instruments or long-term debt instruments.  

Item
4. Controls and Procedures   

The
Trust maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in its
reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such
information is accumulated and communicated to the principal executive officer and principal financial officer of the Sponsor,
and to the auditor, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  

Under
the supervision and with the participation of the principal executive officer and principal financial officer of the Sponsor,
the Sponsor conducted an evaluation of the Trust s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined under Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e). Based on this evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer of the Sponsor
concluded that, as of October 31, 2016, the Trust s disclosure controls and procedures were effective.  

There
have been no changes in the Trust s or Sponsor s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
Trust s fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
the Trust s or Sponsor s internal control over financial reporting.  

PART
II - OTHER INFORMATION   

Item
1. Legal Proceedings   

None.  

Item
1A. Risk Factors   

You
should carefully consider the factors discussed under the caption  Risk Factors  beginning on page 25 of our Annual
Report on Form 10-K/A (the  Annual Report ), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 29, 2016,
which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. There have been no material changes in our
risk factors from those disclosed in the Annual Report.  

Item
2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

a)
None.  

b)
Not applicable.  

c)
19,992 shares were redeemed during the quarter ended October 31, 2016.  

Item
3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

None.  

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures   

None.  

Item
5. Other Information   

None.  

Item
6. Exhibits   

Exhibits
    No.   
         
       Description    

4.1(a)   
         
      Form
    of Depositary Trust Agreement between Merk Investments LLC, as sponsor, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with Registration Statement No. 333-180868 on April 15, 2014)   

4.1(b)   
         
      First
    Amendment To Depositary Trust Agreement, dated as of October 22, 2015, by and between Merk Investments LLC, as sponsor of
    the Trust, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee of the Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with Current
    Report on Form 8-K on October 26, 2015)   

4.1(c)   
         
      Second
    Amendment to the Depositary Trust Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2016, by and between Merk Investments LLC, as sponsor of
    the Trust, and the Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee of the Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1(c) filed with
    Annual Report on Form 10-K/A on April 29, 2016)   

31.1   
         
      Certification
    by Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32.1   
         
      Certification
    by Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section
    906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

101.INS   
         
      XBRL
    Instance Document   

101.SCH   
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   

101.CAL   
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   

101.DEF   
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   

101.LAB   
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   

101.PRE   
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned in its capacities* thereunto duly authorized.  

MERK
    INVESTMENTS LLC    

Sponsor
    of the VanEck Merk Gold Trust   

Date:
December 14, 2016  
      /s/
    Axel Merk   

Axel
    Merk   

President
    and Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal
    Executive Officer and  
    Principal Financial Officer)   

*
The Registrant is a trust and the person is signing in his capacities as officers of Merk Investments LLC, the Sponsor of the
Registrant.  

16  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10q1016ex31i_vaneckmerk.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1   

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a)  
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED   

I,
Axel Merk, certify that:  

1.
I have reviewed this Report on Form 10-Q of VanEck Merk Gold Trust (the  Trust );  

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;  

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and  

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and  

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the auditors of Merk Investments LLC, as Sponsor of the Trust, and the audit committee of the board
of directors of Merk Investments LLC (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:
December 14, 2016  
      /s/
    Axel Merk**   

Axel
        Merk*  
          President
        and Chief Investment Officer  
          (Principal
        Executive Officer and 
        Principal Financial Officer)    

*
The Registrant is a trust and Mr. Merk is signing in his capacities as officers of Merk Investments LLC, the Sponsor of the Registrant.  

**
The original executed copy of this Certification will be maintained at the Sponsor s offices and will be made available
for inspection upon request.  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 f10q1016ex32i_vaneckmerk.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1   

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION    

   906
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of VanEck Merk Gold Trust (the  Trust ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October
31, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned,
in the capacity and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
and  

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Trust.  

Date:
December 14, 2016  
      /s/
    Axel Merk**   

Axel
        Merk*  
          President
        and Chief Investment Officer  
          (Principal
        Executive Officer and 
        Principal Financial Officer)    

*
The Registrant is a trust and Mr. Merk is signing in his capacities as officers of Merk Investments LLC, the Sponsor of the Registrant.  

**
The original executed copy of this Certification will be maintained at the Sponsor s offices and will be made available
for inspection upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 ounz-20161031.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 ounz-20161031.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 ounz-20161031_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 ounz-20161031_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 ounz-20161031_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 ounz-20161031_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

