<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1590418_0001683168-16-000574_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2588121</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>70013</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>149921</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>651437</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1029898</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>624064</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>43</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-16-000574.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114082203
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-16-000574
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FOCUS UNIVERSAL INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001590418
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ADVERTISING [7310]
		IRS NUMBER:				463355876
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55247
		FILM NUMBER:		161990770

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8275 S. EASTERN AVE., STE. 200-674
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89123
		BUSINESS PHONE:		917-830-6517

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8275 S. EASTERN AVE., STE. 200-674
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89123

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-16-000574.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 focus_10q-093016.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q   

x  QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Quarterly period ended September
30, 2016 

o  TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File No. 333-193087 

FOCUS
UNIVERSAL INC.   

  (Exact Name of
Small Business Issuer as specified in its charter) 

(626) 272-3883   

 (Registrant's telephone number, including
area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes
 x   No  o  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files. Yes  o   No  x  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated
filer,  and  small reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  o     
        Accelerated filer  o    
 
      Non-accelerated filer    o  (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
        Smaller reporting company   x    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes  o     No
 x  

As of November 14, 2016, registrant had outstanding 34,574,706
shares of the registrant's common stock at a par value of $0.001 per share. 

FORM 10-Q  

FOCUS UNIVERSAL INC.  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
      3   

Item 1. Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
      3   

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      4   

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     9  

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
      10   

PART II  OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
     11  

Item 1A. Risk Factors  
     11  

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
      11   

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
      11   

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  
      11   

Item 5. Other Information  
      11   

Item 6. Exhibits  
      12   

Signatures  
      13   

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

References in this document to  us,   we, 
or  Company  refer to FOCUS UNIVERSAL INC. 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

FOCUS UNIVERSAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

Index to the Financial Statements  

Contents    
        Page     

Condensed  Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31,
    2015  
      F-1   

Condensed  Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) for the Three Months and Nine
    Months Ended  September 30, 2016 and 2015  
      F-2   

Condensed  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) for the Nine Months Ended
    September 30, 2016 and 2015  
      F-3   

Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
      F-4   

FOCUS UNIVERSAL INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS  

See Accompanying Notes to Unaudited Consolidated
Financial Statements  

FOCUS UNIVERSAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARY  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

* Denotes a loss of less than $(0.01) per share 

See Accompanying Notes to Unaudited Consolidated
Financial Statements  

FOCUS UNIVERSAL INC.  

  CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (UNAUDITED)    

See Accompanying Notes to Unaudited
Consolidated Financial Statements  

FOCUS UNIVERSAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARY  

  NOTES TO THE CONDENSED UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 1   Organization and
Operations  

Focus Universal Inc. (the  Company )
was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on December 4, 2012 ( Inception ). Focus Universal Inc. offers
a full range of web services, including web marketing services, social and viral marketing campaigns, search engine optimization
consulting, custom web design, website usability consulting and web analytics implementation.    

Change in Control   

On December 29, 2014, Xu Tang and Desheng
Wang, two non-affiliate persons, acquired 5,970,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock from the Company s shareholders.
This represents over 90% of the Company s outstanding common stock and therefore represents a change in control of the Company s
ownership. 

Effective immediately on December 29, 2014,
Ms. Popova resigned as Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company and Ms. Ignatenko resigned as Treasurer, Secretary,
Chief Financial Officer, principal accounting officer, and principal financial officer of the Company. Upon such resignations,
Desheng Wang was appointed as the Chief Executive Officer and Secretary of the Company, Xu Tang was appointed as the President
of the Company, Yan Chen was appointed as the Senior Vice President, and Messrs. Wang, Tang, and Chen accepted such appointments. 

On October 21, 2015, Xu Tang entered into
a stock purchase agreement whereby he collectively sold 3,260,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock to eight persons using
private funds to purchase the shares. This represents 49.5% of the Company s outstanding common stock and represents a material
change in control of the Company s ownership. Buyers include Shuqin Xu (who now owns 19.7% of the Company), Tianzeng Xu and
Youjuan Xiong (who now each own 7.5% of the Company) and five other unrelated persons. To the Company s knowledge, there
are no arrangements or understandings among members of both the former and new control groups and their associates with respect
to election of directors or other matters. 

Effective October 21, 2015, Xu Tang and
Yan Chen resigned from their positions as President and Senior Vice President, respectively, of the Company. There are no disagreements
between the Company and Messrs. Tang and Chen. Dr. Edward Lee has been appointed to serve as President of the Company. 

Also effective October 21, 2015, Dr. Jennifer
Gu and Dr. Edward Lee were appointed as directors of the Company, and Dr. Gu and Dr. Lee accepted such appointments. Thereupon,
each of Xu Tang and Yan Chen resigned as directors of the Company. Accordingly, the entire Board of Directors consists of Dr. Desheng
Wang, Dr. Jennifer Gu, and Dr. Edward Lee. 

On December 31, 2015, we filed Articles
of Merger with the State of Nevada and filed a Certificate of Merger with the State of California which were the result of an agreement
entered into on December 30, 2015, with a related party, Perfecular Inc., ( Perfecular ) a California corporation and
FCUV Acquisition Corp., a Nevada corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, pursuant to which we agreed to acquire
all of the issued and outstanding of 587,712 shares of Perfecular s common stock in exchange for the issuance of 27,994,706
shares of the Company s common stock to the shareholders of Perfecular Inc. in an exchange ratio of 47.6333 to one. This
represents approximately 80% of the outstanding shares of the Company and represents a material change in control of the Company s
ownership. 

Perfecular Inc. was founded in September
2009 and is headquartered in City of Industry, California, and is engaged in designing certain digital sensor products and sells
a broad selection of horticultural sensors and filters in North America and Europe. 

Change in fiscal year  

On December 11, 2015, the Board of Directors
of the Company approved a change in the fiscal year end from a fiscal year end on March 31 to a calendar year end on December 31
effective immediately. 

The Company made the fiscal year change
on a prospective basis and did not adjust operating results for prior periods. The change to the Company s fiscal year did
not impact the Company s calendar year results for the year ended December 31, 2015. While the change has had some impact
on the prior year comparability of each of the fiscal quarters and annual periods in fiscal years prior to calendar year 2016,
the Company believes this impact is minimal. 

Note 1   Organization and Operations
(continued)  

Change in fiscal year (continued)  

The Company made the fiscal year change
on a prospective basis and did not adjust operating results for prior periods. The change to the Company s fiscal year did
not impact the Company s calendar year results for the year ended December 31, 2015. While the change has had some impact
on the prior year comparability of each of the fiscal quarters and annual periods in fiscal years prior to calendar year 2016,
the Company believes this impact is minimal. 

The Company believes this change provides
numerous benefits, including aligning its reporting periods to be more consistent with peer companies. 

Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

Basis of Presentation    

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of Focus Universal Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Perfecular Inc. All intercompany balances and transactions
have been eliminated upon consolidation. The Company s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ). 

Segment Reporting    

The Company currently has one operating
segment. in accordance with ASC No. 280, Segment Reporting ( ASC 280 ), the Company considers operating segments to
be components of the Company s business for which separate financial information is available that evaluated regularly by
the Management in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. The Management reviews financial information
presented on a consolidated basis for purposes of allocation resources and evaluating financial performance. Accordingly, the Company
has determined that it has a single operating and reportable segment. 

Unaudited Interim Financial Information   

The accompanying unaudited interim consolidated
financial statements and related notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) for interim financial information, and with the rules and regulations of the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) to Form 10-Q and Article 8 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do
not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. 

The unaudited interim consolidated financial
statements furnished reflect all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals), which are, in the opinion of management,
necessary to a fair statement of the results for the interim periods presented. Unaudited interim results are not necessarily indicative
of the results for the full fiscal year. These unaudited interim consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction
with the consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2015 and notes thereto contained in the
information as part of the Company s Transition Report on the Form 10-KT, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on March 29, 2016 and amended on June 23, 2016. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents    

The Company considers all highly liquid
investments with a maturity of three months or less to be cash and cash equivalents. At times, such investments may be in excess
of Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) insurance limit. 

Concentrations of Credit Risk    

Financial instruments that potentially
subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents. The Company limits its exposure
to credit loss by investing its cash with high credit quality financial institutions. 

Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies (continued)  

Fair Value of Financial Instruments   

The Company follows paragraph 825-10-50-10
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for disclosures about fair value of its financial instruments and paragraph 820-
10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( Paragraph 820-10-35-37 ) to measure the fair value of its
financial instruments. Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP), and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. 

To increase consistency and comparability
in fair value measurements and related disclosures, Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes
the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three (3) broad levels. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest
priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable
inputs. The three (3) levels of fair value hierarchy defined by Paragraph 820-10-35-37 are described below: 

Level 1: quoted market prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as
of the reporting date.   

Level 2: pricing inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are
either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date.   

Level 3: Pricing inputs that are generally observable inputs and not corroborated by market data.   

Financial assets are considered Level 3
when their fair values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques and at least
one significant model assumption or input is unobservable. 

The fair value hierarchy gives the highest
priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable
inputs. If the inputs used to measure the financial assets and liabilities fall within more than one level described above, the
categorization is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of the instrument. 

The fair value hierarchy gives the highest
priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable
inputs. If the inputs used to measure the financial assets and liabilities fall within more than one level described above, the
categorization is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of the instrument. 

The carrying amount of the Company s
financial assets and liabilities, such as cash and cash equivalent, prepaid expenses, accounts payable and accrued expenses, approximate
their fair value because of the short maturity of those instruments. 

Transactions involving related parties
cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm's-length basis, as the requisite conditions of competitive, free-market dealings
may not exist. Representations about transactions with related parties, if made, shall not imply that the related party transactions
were consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm's-length transactions unless such representations can be substantiated. 

It is not however practical to determine
the fair value of advances from stockholders, if any, due to their related party nature. 

Inventories   

Inventories consist primarily of electronic
components, and are valued at the lower of cost or market. 

Property and Equipment    

Property and equipment are stated at cost.
Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method. Estimated useful lives range from three to seven years on all categories
of depreciable assets. The cost and accumulated depreciation of assets sold or retired are removed from the respective accounts
and any gain or loss is included in earnings. Maintenance and repairs are expensed currently. Major renewals and betterments are
capitalized. 

Long-term assets of the Company are reviewed
when circumstances warrant as to whether their carrying value has become impaired. The Company considers assets to be impaired
if the carrying value exceeds the future projected cash flows from related operations. The Company also re-evaluates the periods
of amortization to determine whether subsequent events and circumstances warrant revised estimates of useful lives. 

Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies (continued)  

Revenue Recognition   

The Company applies paragraph 605-10-S99-1
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for revenue recognition. The Company recognizes revenue when it is realized or realizable
and earned. The Company considers revenue realized or realizable and earned when all of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive
evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) the product has been shipped or the services have been rendered to the customer, (iii)
the sales price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured. 

The Company derives its revenues from sales
contracts with its customer with revenues being generated upon rendering of services. Persuasive evidence of an arrangement is
demonstrated via invoice; service is considered provided when the service is delivered to the customers; and the sales price to
the customer is fixed upon acceptance of the purchase order and there is no separate sales rebate, discount, or volume incentive. 

Perfecular reports net revenue for its
sales to third parties in accordance to the Financial Accounting Standard Board Accounting Standards Codification 605-45, because
its primary business functions are marketing and sales of Tianjin Guanglee s, (a related party) products. Perfecular does
not carry any inventory. While Tianjin Guanglee determines the product specifications and the sales prices, and bears physical
loss risks during shipping. Perfecular collects full amount of accounts receivable from customers through direct wire transfers
or letters of credit and remits payments to Tianjin Guanglee for the intercompany invoices with amounts net of the sales commissions.
Commission revenue is recognized when the sales booked by Perfecular is recognized. 

Allowance for doubtful accounts   

The Company provides an allowance for doubtful
accounts equal to the estimated uncollectible amounts. The Company's estimate is based on historical collection experience and
a review of the current status of trade accounts receivable. It is reasonably possible that the Company's estimate of the allowance
for doubtful accounts will change. There was no allowance for doubtful accounts at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Advertising costs   

Advertising costs are expensed as incurred.
The Company recorded no advertising costs for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Research and development   

Research and development costs are expensed
as incurred. Research and development costs primarily consist of efforts to refine existing product models and develop new product
models. 

Related Parties   

The Company follows subtopic 850-10 of
the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions.
Pursuant to Section 850-10-20 the related parties include: a) affiliates of the Company; b) entities for which investments in their
equity securities would be required, absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of Section
825 10 15, to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; c) trusts for the benefit of employees,
such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; d) principal owners of the
Company; e) management of the Company; f) other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly
influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented
from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and g) other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating
policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly
Influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate
interests. 

Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies (continued)  

Related Parties (continued)   

The consolidated financial statements shall
include disclosures of material related party transactions, other than compensation arrangements, expense allowances, and other
similar items in the ordinary course of business. However, disclosure of transactions that are eliminated in the preparation of
consolidated financial statements is not required in those statements. The disclosures shall include: a. the nature of the relationship(s)
involved; b. a description of the transactions, including transactions to which no amounts or nominal amounts were ascribed, for
each of the periods for which income statements are presented, and such other information deemed necessary to an understanding
of the effects of the transactions on the consolidated financial statements; c. the dollar amounts of transactions for each of
the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the terms from
that used in the preceding period; and d. amounts due from or to related parties as of the date of each balance sheet presented
and, if not otherwise apparent, the terms and manner of settlement. 

Commitments and Contingencies   

The Company follows subtopic 450-20 of
the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report accounting for contingencies. Certain conditions may exist as of the date
the consolidated financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when
one or more future events occur or fail to occur. The Company assesses such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently
involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company
or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or
unasserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought therein. 

If the assessment of a contingency indicates
that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated
liability would be accrued in the Company s consolidated financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potential
material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of
the contingent liability, and an estimate of the range of possible losses, if determinable and material, would be disclosed. 

Loss contingencies considered remote are
generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be disclosed. Management does not believe,
based upon information available at this time that these matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial
position, results of operations or cash flows. However, there is no assurance that such matters will not materially and adversely
affect the Company s business, financial position, and results of operations or cash flows. 

Stock Based Compensation   

The Company accounts for employee and non-employee
stock awards under ASC 718, whereby equity instruments issued to employees for services are recorded based on the fair value of
the instrument issued and those issued to non-employees are recorded based on the fair value of the consideration received or the
fair value of the equity instrument, whichever is more reliably measurable. 

No stock based compensation was issued
or outstanding as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Income Tax Provision    

Income taxes are accounted for using the
asset and liability method. Deferred income taxes are provided for temporary differences in recognizing certain income, expense
and credit items for financial reporting purposes and tax reporting purposes. Such deferred income taxes primarily relate to the
difference between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are measured by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to the future years in which deferred tax assets or liabilities
are expected to be settled or realized. There were no material deferred tax assets or liabilities as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the Company did not identify any material uncertain tax positions. 

Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies (continued)  

Net Income (Loss) Per Common Share   

Net income (loss) per common share is computed
pursuant to section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Basic net income (loss) per common share is computed
by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. 

Diluted net income (loss) per common share
is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock and potentially outstanding
shares of common stock during the period to reflect the potential dilution that could occur from common shares issuable through
contingent shares issuance arrangement, stock options or warrants. 

There were no potentially dilutive debt
or equity instruments issued and outstanding at any time during the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Cash Flows Reporting   

The Company adopted paragraph 230-10-45-24
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for cash flows reporting, classifies cash receipts and payments according to whether
they stem from operating, investing, or financing activities and provides definitions of each category, and uses the indirect or
reconciliation method ( Indirect method ) as defined by paragraph 230-10-45-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
to report net cash flow from operating activities by adjusting net income to reconcile it to net cash flow from operating activities
by removing the effects of (a) all deferrals of past operating cash receipts and payments and all accruals of expected future operating
cash receipts and payments and (b) all items that are included in net income that do not affect operating cash receipts and payments.
The Company reports the reporting currency equivalent of foreign currency cash flows, using the current exchange rate at the time
of the cash flows and the effect of exchange rate changes on cash held in foreign currencies is reported as a separate item in
the reconciliation of beginning and ending balances of cash and cash equivalents and separately provides information about investing
and financing activities not resulting in cash receipts or payments in the period pursuant to paragraph 830-230-45-1 of the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification. 

Subsequent Events   

The Company follows the guidance in Section
855-10-50 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the disclosure of subsequent events. The Company will evaluate subsequent
events through the date when the financial statements were issued. Pursuant to ASU 2010-09 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification,
the Company as an SEC filer considers its financial statements issued when they are widely distributed to users, such as through
filing them on EDGAR. 

New Accounting Pronouncements   

In February 2016, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) ASU 2016-02   Leases.  The
new standard establishes a right-of-use ( ROU ) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability
on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months.  Leases will be classified as either finance or operating,
with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement.  The new standard is effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption is permitted.
The Company is evaluating the effect, if any, on its consolidated financial statements. 

There were other updates recently issued.
The Company does not believe that other than disclosed above, the recently issued, but not yet adopted, accounting pronouncements
will have a material impact on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Use of estimates   

In preparing the consolidated financial
statements, management makes assumptions, estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts
of net sales and expenses during the reported periods. Management s estimates are based on historical experience and on our
expectations that are believed to be reasonable. The combination of these factors forms the basis for making judgments
about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.  Actual results
may differ from our current estimates and those differences may be material. 

Note 3   Property and Equipment  

At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, property and equipment consisted of the following: 

Depreciation expense for the nine months
period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 amounted to $673 and $150, respectively .

Note 4   Related Party Transactions

Consulting services from President,
Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer   

Consulting services provided by the President
and Chief Executive Officer for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 amounted to $90,000 and $0, respectively. 

Loan from stockholders    

From time to time, Perfecular has borrowed
short-term loans from shareholders. At December 31, 2015, Perfecular had short-term loans payable totaling approximately $19,533.
These loans were due upon the demand of the lender and were unsecured with annual interest rate of 0.55%. In February 2016, the
entire balance of the loan was paid off with accrued interest. 

Loan from related party   

From time to time, Perfecular borrows from
a related party entity, Vitashower Corp., which is under common ownership and management. At December 31, 2015, the outstanding
loan and accrued interest payable to Vitashower totaled $63,369. This loan bore an annual interest rate of 5 percent. This loan
was paid off in February 2016. 

Advances to related party   

Perfecular grants advances to Vitashower
Corp., from time to time, and the advances are non-interest bearing. Total advances amounted to $3,155 and $0 as of September 30,
2016 and December 2015, respectively. 

Note 5   Business Concentration
and Risks  

Major customers  

One customer accounted for 100% of the
total accounts receivable at September 30, 2016. 

Major vendors  

One vendor accounted for 91% of total accounts
payable at September 30, 2016. 

Note 6   Commitments and Contingencies

On March 31, 2015, Focus entered into a
two-year industrial/commercial multi-tenant lease with P.G.A. Lawson Limited Partnership, whereby we leased a 9,745 square foot
warehouse with a 2,415 square foot office space inside. The lease commenced on April 20, 2015 and ends on April 30, 2017. We paid
$7,699 per month until May 1, 2016 when the rent increased by 3%. We currently pay $7,930 per month. The warehouse is located at
829 Lawson Street in the City of Industry, California. Rent expense under this lease will be recognized over the life of the lease
term on a straight line basis. Straight-line monthly rent expense over the life of the lease will be $7,812. During Nine months
ended September 30, 2016, the variance between the straight line rent expense and the rent paid/abated was recorded as deferred
rent at September 30, 2016. 

Focus sub-leases a portion of the property
to Pefecular. The lease is a non-cancelable operating lease with monthly rent of $5,000. The lease commenced on May 1, 2015 and
expires on April 30, 2017. The sublease income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 amounted to $45,000. Rental income
and expense are eliminated on the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

In July 2016, Focus sub-leased a portion
of the property to a third party. The lease is non-cancelable operating lease with monthly rent of $4,400. The lease commenced
on July 7, 2016 and expires on January 7, 2017. 

Total rent expense was $62,225 and $32,926
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Future minimum lease commitments are as follows: 

On December 29, 2014 Focus entered into
a consulting agreement with Morepro Marketing, Inc., which was submitted to the Commission on January 5, 2015. Under the terms
of this agreement, we agree to pay Morepro Marketing, Inc. a minimum of $625 per month, plus reimbursement of any expenses incurred
by Morepro Marketing, Inc. There is a ninety-day minimum timeframe for each new client to cancel, after which either party can
terminate after thirty days  notice. This service was canceled on April 30, 2016. 

Note 7   Subsequent Events  

The Company has evaluated all events that
occurred after the consolidated balance sheet date through the date when the consolidated financial statements were issued to determine
if they must be reported. The Management of the Company determined that other than as disclosed above, there were no reportable
subsequent events to be disclosed. 

Note 8   Financial Information
of Focus  

The following table sets forth financial information of
Focus Universal only as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
and for three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

FOCUS UNIVERSAL INC.   

  BALANCE SHEET  

FOCUS UNIVERSAL INC.   

  STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

Note 9   Pro Forma Consolidated
Statements of Operations   

The Basis of the following unaudited pro
forma consolidated statements of operations of the Company is as if the acquisition of Perfecular by Focus had occurred on January
1, 2015. The pro forma consolidated statements of operations were derived from Focus and Perfecular s the statements of operations
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

The pro forma consolidated statements of
operations do not necessarily reflect what the consolidated company s financial condition or results of operations would
have been had the acquisition occurred on the dates indicated. They also may not be useful in predicting the future financial condition
and results of operations of the consolidated company. The actual financial position and results of operations may differ significantly
from the pro forma amounts reflected herein due to a variety of factors. 

FOCUS UNIVERSAL INC.  

  UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS  

  FOR THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2015  

FOCUS UNIVERSAL INC.  

  UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS  

  FOR NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2015  

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS AND PLAN OF
OPERATION  

The following discussion of our financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the consolidated financial
statements and notes thereto included in, Item 1 in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. This item contains forward-looking statements
that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated in such forward-looking statements. 

Forward-Looking Statements  

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and
the documents incorporated herein by reference contain forward-looking. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations,
estimates, and projections about our industry, management beliefs, and certain assumptions made by our management. Words such as
 anticipates ,  expects ,  intends ,  plans ,  believes ,  seeks ,
 estimates , variations of such words, and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements.
These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that
are difficult to predict; therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in any such forward-looking
statements. Unless required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a
result of new information, future events, or otherwise. However, readers should carefully review the risk factors set forth herein
and in other reports and documents that we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission, particularly the
Report on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and any Current Reports on Form 8-K. 

Narrative Description of the Business   

Focus Universal Inc. ( the Company ,
 we ,  us  or  our ) currently conducts business as a handheld sensor systems and filters wholesaler
to distribution platforms. We are working on developing a universal sensor node and gateway system that use the data processing
capabilities of a smartphone to display readings of multiple probe modules. We are also researching the development of an anti-counterfeit
authentication technology that we believe could address the problem of counterfeit production by attempting to authenticate consumer
goods. 

Through a merger with Perfecular Inc.,
we strategically expanded our business to the manufacture and marketing of high-tech electronic devices. We realized that Internet
marketing would not be sufficient to generate sales of our products, particularly the Ubiquitor product. We are going to focus
on .all types of marketing, particularly marketing directly to established consumer distributions retailers. For this reason, during
the first quarter of this year we decided to emphasize our sales of handheld sensors and air filters and discontinue our marketing
and advertising business segment. Through the development and creation of our Ubiquitor device, we anticipate that sales and marketing
involved with bringing this product to market will require us to hire a number of new employees in order to gain traction in the
market as well as continue to expand such sales of our existing sensor and air filter products. 

Our current services include:  

Scientific Instrument Research and
Development and Sales   

Engineers and scientists use instrumentation
to observe, understand, and manage real-world data and phenomena, events, and processes related to their industries or areas of
expertise. Instrumentation systems that we are researching and developing measure and control electrical signals, such as voltage,
current and power, as well as temperature, pressure, speed, flow, volume, torque, light sensing, and vibration for example. Common
general-purpose instruments in our market segment include, for example, voltmeters, signal generators, oscilloscopes, data loggers,
spectrum analyzers, cameras, and temperature and pressure monitors and controllers. Systems that perform measurement and control
can be generally categorized as test, measurement, and embedded systems. 

A New Approach to Measurement and Sensing   

We offer a different approach than what
is currently on the market because we are attempting to establish a demand for devices that link handheld devices and sensors with
common smartphone computing power through an application on the smartphone in both IOS and Android devices. Tapping into the computing
power of a smartphone enables a measurement device to increase its capabilities. 

We also offer an array of traditional handheld
measurement and control meters through our wholesale distribution platform. 

Filter and Handheld Meter Wholesaler   

We are a wholesaler of various filtration
products and digital meters. We source our products from manufacturers in China and then sell to a major U.S. distributor who resells
our products directly to consumers through retail distribution channels. 

Specifically, we sell the following products: 

Fan Speed Adjuster device . We provide
a fan speed adjuster device to retailers and distributors. Designed specifically for centrifugal fans with brushless motors, our
adjuster device helps ensure longer life by preventing damage to fan motors by adjusting the speed of centrifugal fans without
causing the motor to hum. These devices are rated for 350 watts max, have 120VAC voltage capacity and feature an internal, electronic
auto-resetting circuit breaker. 

Carbon filter devices . We also sell
two types of carbon filter devices to distributors. These Carbon filter devices are professional grade filters specifically designed
and used to filter air in greenhouses that might be polluted by fermenting organics. One of these filters can be attached to a
centrifugal fan to scrub the air in a constant circle or can be attached to an exhaust line as a single pass filter, which moves
air out of the growing area and filters unwanted odors and removes pollens, dust, and other debris in the air. The other filter
is designed to be used with fans from 0-6000 C.F.M. 

HEPA filtration device . We provide
an organic air high efficiency particulate arrestance ( HEPA ) filtration device at wholesale prices to distributors
and retailers. Manufactured, tested, certified, and labeled in accordance with current HEPA filter standards, this device is targeted
towards greenhouses and grow rooms and designed to keep insects, bacteria, and mold out of grow rooms. We sell these devices in
various sizes. 

Digital light meter . We provide
a handheld digital light meter that is used to measure luminance in fc units, or foot-candles. The meter we sell is designed to
be full cosine corrected for the angular incidence of light (meaning if you are not holding the sensor perpendicular to the light
source, the sensor will still read the light correctly). The meter has a built-in low battery indicator and is designed to accurately
measure to 40,000 FC. 

Quantum par meter . We provide a
handheld quantum par meter used to measure photosynthetically active radiation ( PAR ). This fully portable handheld
PAR meter is designed to measure PAR flux in wavelengths ranging from 400 to 700 nm. It is designed to measure up to 10,000 umol. 

Ubiquitor Wireless Universal Sensor Device   

We have fully researched and developed
a device we call the  Ubiquitor,  which is a handheld fully modular system with a universal sensor node and gateway
system that uses a smartphone as the output display module that displays the readings of various probe modules. We have completed
an initial production run of 1,000 devices and intend to develop this into full-scale production as soon as possible. The Ubiquitor
is a wireless sensor device that combines measuring tools with smartphone technology to quickly deliver sensor node data on desktop
and mobile phone screens. The Ubiquitor s sensor analytics system will integrate event-monitoring, storage and analytics
software in a cohesive package that we hope will provide a holistic view of sensor data it is reading. 

After sending our circuit boards to China
for soldering at an unaffiliated manufacturing facility, we assembled the initial production run at our facilities here in the
City of Industry. This initial production run will allow us to show large distributors and consumers the capabilities of the Ubiquitor
which we hope will generate demand. 

The physical hardware consists of: 

1.  
      The sensor probes, which come in hundreds of different varieties of sensor instruments in the form of a USB stick, with both male and female ports; and   

2.  
      The main hardware gateway, a small cell phone size device with integrated circuits.   

This device is intended to connect up to
2.5 kilometers of sensor instruments, and integrate data using embedded software to display the data and all analytics onto a digital
screen (desktop or mobile displays) using multiple types of wireless connections (i.e., Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, 3G and 4G). Most types
of probes can connect to the hardware. If the sensor size is bigger than the standard probe size, it is possible to simply use
a USB cable to connect the probe and the hub. All data and analytics are displayed on a single screen, with tools that record and
keep track of all measurements, and sort and display analytic information in easy to read charts.  

The Ubiquitor is a general platform that collects data in real
time, up to 100hz per second, and thus is intended to be adapted to many industry uses. 

The Ubiquitor is a multipurpose wireless
intelligent sensor device that will be intended to achieve universal compatibility. Currently, the Ubiquitor device could simultaneously
accommodate more than 256 different types of sensor heads. Users could use their smartphones to simultaneously operate and monitor
over 256 kinds of sensor readings. With Perfecular s technology, users only need to obtain the sensor heads, facilitating
ease and convenience of use. Using a smartphone, users can collect and analyze data in real time. We have not yet started research
and development of a second generation Ubiquitor device, but once we demonstrate the market for this product intend to begin such
research and development. 

Intellectual Property Protection   

After the merger, on January 20, 2016 we filed provisional patent
application number 62/281,104 with attorney docket number PER1.PAU.01.0 and Confirmation No. 2212. This provisional patent application
protects the Ubiquitor universal sensor device. We do not own, either legally or beneficially, any trademarks. 

Competitors   

There are several competitors we have identified in the wireless
sensor node industry, including traditional instruments or devices manufacturers such as Hanna Instruments or Extech Instruments. 

Hach developed and launched SC1000 Multi-parameter Universal
Controller, a probe module for connecting up to 8 SC sensors and their products are not compatible with smart phones yet and we
believe their price-point is still prohibitive to consumers. 

Monnit Corporation offers a range of wireless or remote sensors.
Many of Monnit s products are web-based wireless sensors usually are not portable because of the power consumption. Also,
the sensors real-time updates are slow and we believe security of the web-based sensor data acquisition also may be a concern.
In addition to purchasing the device, consumers usually have to pay monthly fee for using web-based services. 

We are not trying to compete with traditional instruments or
device manufacturers because we utilize our Ubiquitor universal smart device in conjunction with our generic instruments smartphone
application, which we believe will be a completely different product category. 

Market Potential   

We believe that wireless universal smart technology will play
a critical role for traditional instrument manufacturers, as it is too expensive and difficult to develop for medium or smaller
companies. The cost factor is the first consideration when deciding whether a company wants to develop smart wireless technologies
and implement them in their products or use them in their field testing. We also hope to play a role in academic laboratories,
particularly with smaller academic laboratories who are sensitive to price. 

Results of operations for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.  

Revenue, cost of sales and gross profit  

Our consolidated gross revenue for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, was $79,669 and $250,659, respectively, compared to $9,630 and $11,638 for the
respective three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. Our cost of consolidated revenues for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, was $13,232 and $31,326, respectively (September 30, 2015: $2,025 and $5,750, respectively) resulting in a
gross profit of $66,437 and $219,333 for the respective three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 (September 30, 2015 gross
profit: $7,605 and $5,888, respectively. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, we only generated revenue from search engine optimizating consulting, internet campaign planning and social media consulting.
For three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, beside our digital marketing business, we also generated significant amount
of revenue from sales of broad selection of graden equipment which was the primary business for Perfecular and is now our primary
business. 

We hired an independent third party contractor
performed the web development since the first quarter of 2015 and this service was terminated on April 30, 2016 because we discontinued
offering digital marketing services.   

The increase in revenue is primarily driven
by the sales from Perfecular of $79,669 and $248,879 for three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. Since the
acquisition of Perfecular on December 30, 2015, our revenues have increased and we believe that such revenues could continue to
increase as we continue to market and sell our products. 

Prior to the merger with Perfecular, management
was focused on pursuing growth strategies and opportunities and outsourced the performance of Internet marketing services to third
parties rather than performing the Internet marketing services directly. This change in strategy cost more money and generated
less immediate revenue. Post-merger, we have been able to distribute a full range of products held as inventory by a related party,
Tianjin Guanglee, directly to a range of businesses who have established distribution channels directly with consumers. 

Operating Costs and Expenses  

The major components of our operating expenses
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are outlined in the table below: 

There was a substantial increase in our
operating costs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in the three and nine months
ended 2015, which was primarily due to the acquisition of Perfecular in December 2015. Included in operating expense was $146,170
and $422,243 of expense attributable to Perfecular for three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, which was acquired in December
2015. 

General and administrative expenses of
$212,969 incurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 primarily consisted of filing fees of $3,346 (September 30, 2015:
$5,109), transfer agent fees of $5,552 (September 30, 2015: $2,378), office expenses of $9,171 (September 30, 2015: $8,315), office
rent of $62,225 (September 30, 2015: $27,022), office salaries of $82,399 (September 30, 2015: $0), payroll tax of $26,139 (September
30, 2015 $0),Insurance of $1,196 (September 30, 2015 $0), advertising cost of $1,236 (September 30, 2015 $0) and bank charges of
$1,500 (September 30, 2015: $476). 

Professional fees increased from $69,203
during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $95,468 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $26,265.
The increase in professional fees is due to the change in fiscal year-end, implementation of post-merger business strategies as
well as preparation of our reports. 

Officer compensation of $90,000 and research and development
of $136,237 during nine months ended September 30, 2016 were expenses attributable to Perfecular. There were no such expenses during
nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Net Losses  

During the nine months ended September
30 2016 and 2015, we incurred net losses of $309,336 and $101,241 respectively, due to the factors discussed above. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Working Capital   

Cash Flows   

The table below, for the periods indicated, provides selected
cash flow information: 

Due to the merger with Perfecular, Inc.
we anticipate that for the next 12 months we will be generating cash from more diversified revenue streams as mentioned under Narrative
Description of the Business.   We believe that our cash generated from operations and cash on hand may not provide sufficient
capital to fund our operations and meet our cash needs on a short term and long-term basis for the next twelve months. 
Consequently, we intend to finance our internal growth with cash on hand, cash provided from operations, borrowings, debt or equity
offerings, or some combination thereof to expand our business so that we can meet our cash needs. 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities   

The net cash outflows from operating activities
of $322,311 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily the result of our net loss of $308,241 and changes in our
operating assets and liabilities. The net cash outflows from operating activities of $115,876 for the nine months ended September
30, 2015 was primarily the result of our net loss of $101,241, and changes in our operating assets and liabilities. 

We expect that cash flows from operating
activities may fluctuate in future periods as a result of a number of factors, including fluctuations in our net revenues and operating
results, utilization of new revenue streams, collection of accounts receivable, and timing of billings and payments. 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities   

The net cash used in investing activities
of $3,296 and $1,640 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively represents funds used to purchase property
and equipment for the Company. 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities   

We repaid $63,369 and $19,533 related to
advances from a related party and a shareholder respectively during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

During the nine months ended September
30, 2015, the Company issued a revolving demand promissory note to Perfecular, Inc., in amount of $1,000,000, which was used as
operating capital and to engage management consultants who helped us identify potential growth opportunities. As of September 30,
2015, we had received $959,925 pursuant to this note. 

During the nine months ended September
30, 2015, we borrowed $100,000 from a shareholder, which is under common management and control, respectively for working capital. 

Management expects to keep operating costs
to a minimum until cash is available through financing or operating activities. Management plans to continue to seek, in addition
to equity financing, other sources of financing (e.g. bank loan, line of credit, shareholder loan) on favorable terms; however,
there are no assurances that any such financing can be obtained on favorable terms, if at all.   If we are unable to
generate profits sufficient to cover our operating costs or unable to obtain additional funds for our working capital needs, we
may need to cease or curtail operations.  Furthermore, there is no assurance the net proceeds from any successful financing
arrangement will be sufficient to cover cash requirements during the initial stages of the Company s operations. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

See Note 2 to the unaudited consolidated
financial statements. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements  

As of September 30, 2016, we did not have
any off-balance-sheet arrangements, as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation SK. 

ITEM 3.  QUANTITATIVE AND
QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.  

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls  

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we have conducted an evaluation of
the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a15(e) and 15d15(e)
under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, at the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer concluded as of the evaluation date that our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective such that the material information required to be included in our Securities and Exchange Commission reports is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms relating to our company,
particularly during the period when this report was being prepared. 

Our management concluded we did not maintain
effective controls over the Company s financial reporting. The material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting, caused principally by inadequate staffing and technical expertise in key positions, resulted in overly relying on outside
consultants to make numerous adjustments to our financial statements. Additionally, the significant deficiencies or material weaknesses
could result in future material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements that would not be prevented or detected.
Management has concluded that the identified control deficiencies constitutes a material weakness. 

Changes in internal control over financial
reporting.  

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting during our most recent fiscal quarter that materially affected, or were reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Limitations on the Effectiveness of
Internal Controls  

Disclosure controls and procedures, no
matter how well designed and implemented, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving an entity's disclosure objectives.
The likelihood of achieving such objectives is affected by limitations inherent in disclosure controls and procedures. These include
the fact that human judgment in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns in internal control can occur because of human
failures such as simple errors or mistakes or intentional circumvention of the established process. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

We were not subject to any legal proceedings
during the three months ended June 30, 2016 and there are currently no legal proceedings, to which we are a party, which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY
SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS . 

No
shares or common stock were sold during the three months ended June 30, 2016.  

ITEM 3.  DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR
SECURITIES  

No
senior securities were issued and outstanding during the three-month periods ended June 30, 2016 or 2015.  

ITEM 4.  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not applicable to our Company. 

ITEM 5.  OTHER INFORMATION  

Our common stock has been quoted on the
OTCQB and on the OTC Link since July 31, 2014 under the symbol  FCUV .  

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS AND REPORTS ON FORM
8-K  

Exhibits 

The following financial
information is filed as part of this report: 

(a)   
     (1) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

(2) SCHEDULES  

(3) EXHIBITS. The following exhibits required
by Item 601 to be filed herewith are incorporated by reference to previously filed documents:  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Focus Universal Inc.    

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
     
          /s/Desheng Wang  
         Desheng Wang 
         Chief Executive Officer   

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
     
          /s/Desheng Wang  
         Desheng Wang 
         Chief Financial Officer   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 focus_10q-ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302  

  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Desheng
Wang, certify that: 

1)   I have reviewed this quarterly report on
Form 10-Q. 

2)   Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3)   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.    I am responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have; 

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure the material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation.   

(d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5) I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal controls over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/Desheng Wang   

Desheng Wang   

Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 focus_10q-ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302  

  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Desheng
Wang, certify that: 

1)   I have reviewed this quarterly report on
Form 10-Q. 

2)   Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3)   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.    I am responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have; 

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure the material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation.   

(d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5)   I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal controls over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/Desheng Wang   

Desheng Wang   

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 focus_10q-ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Focus Universal Inc. (the Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended herein as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the  Report ), I, Desheng Wang, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350,
as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)  The
information contained in the Report fully presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
or the Company. 

Dated:  November 14, 2016  

By:       
     
          /s/ Desheng Wang  
         Desheng Wang 
         Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 focus_10q-ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Focus Universal Inc. (the Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended herein as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the  Report ), I, Desheng Wang, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350,
as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)  The
information contained in the Report fully presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
or the Company. 

Dated:  November 14, 2016  

By:       
     
          /s/ Desheng Wang  
         Desheng Wang 
         Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 focus-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 focus-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 focus-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 focus-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 focus-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 focus-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

