<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_1479247_0001144204-16-132025_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7865032</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>250421</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>2046106</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1808823</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2618276</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>950158</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>135</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-132025.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107150023
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-132025
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		66
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			United States Commodity Index Funds Trust
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001479247
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [6221]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34833
		FILM NUMBER:		161977768

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1999 HARRISON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1530
		CITY:			OAKLAND
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94612
		BUSINESS PHONE:		510-522-9600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O CSC
		STREET 2:		1209 ORANGE STREET
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19801

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-132025.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 v450972_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

OR  

Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the transition period from to          .    

Commission File Number: 001-34833  

United States Commodity Index Funds Trust  

  (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter)  

Delaware   
       27-1537655    
 
       (State or other jurisdiction of   
       (I.R.S. Employer    
 
       incorporation or organization)   
       Identification No.)    

1999 Harrison Street, Suite 1530  

  Oakland, California 94612  

  (Address of principal executive offices)
(Zip code)  

(510) 522-9600  

  (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code)  

N/A  

  (Former name, former address and former fiscal
year, if changed since last report)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    x  
 Yes       
 No  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    x  
 Yes       
 No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer  
      x   

Non-accelerated filer  
           (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).       
   Yes    x  
   No  

The number of shares outstanding of each series
of the registrant as of November 2, 2016 are included in the table below: 

UNITED STATES COMMODITY INDEX FUNDS TRUST  

Page    
 
        Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1. Condensed Financial Statements.   
     1  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   
     34  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.   
     73  

Item 4. Controls and Procedures.   
     74  

Part II. OTHER INFORMATION    
     74  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings.   
     74  

Item 1A. Risk Factors.   
     74  

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.   
     74  

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.   
     74  

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.   
     74  

Item 5. Other Information.   
     74  

Item 6. Exhibits.   
     75  

Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.     Condensed Financial Statements.  

Index to Condensed Financial Statements  

United States Commodity Index Funds Trust   

   Condensed Statements of Financial Condition   

   At September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2015   

United States Commodity Index Fund  

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States Commodity Index Funds Trust   

   Condensed Statements of Financial Condition   

   At September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2015   

United States Copper Index Fund  

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States Commodity Index Funds Trust   

   Condensed Statements of Financial Condition   

   At September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2015   

United States Agriculture Index Fund  

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States Commodity Index Funds Trust   

   Condensed Statements of Financial Condition   

   At September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2015   

United States Commodity Index Funds Trust  

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States Commodity Index Funds Trust   
  Condensed Schedule of Investments (Unaudited)   
  At September 30, 2016   

United States Commodity Index Fund  

* All short contracts are offset by the same number of Futures Contracts
in the corresponding long positions and are acquired solely for the purpose of reducing a long position (e.g., due to a redemption
or to reflect a rebalancing of the SDCI). 

 ** Collateral amounted to $49,710,159 on open futures contracts. 

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States Commodity Index Funds Trust   
  Condensed Schedule of Investments (Unaudited)   
  At September 30, 2016   

United States Copper Index Fund  

* Represents less than 0.005%. 

 ** Collateral amounted to $231,674 on open futures contracts. 

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States Commodity Index Funds Trust   
  Condensed Schedule of Investments (Unaudited)   
  At September 30, 2016   

United States Agriculture Index Fund  

* Represents less than 0.005%. 

 ** Collateral amounted to $120,949 on open futures contracts. 

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States Commodity Index Funds Trust   

   Condensed Statements of Operations (Unaudited)   

   For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015   

United States Commodity Index Fund  

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States Commodity Index Funds Trust   

   Condensed Statements of Operations (Unaudited)   

   For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015   

United States Copper Index Fund  

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States Commodity Index Funds Trust   

   Condensed Statements of Operations (Unaudited)   

   For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015   

United States Agriculture Index Fund  

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States Commodity Index Funds Trust   

   Condensed Statements of Operations (Unaudited)   

   For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015   

United States Commodity Index Funds Trust  

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States Commodity Index Funds Trust   

   Condensed Statement of Changes in Capital (Unaudited)   

   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016   

United States Commodity Index Fund  

Condensed Statement of Changes in Shares Outstanding (Unaudited)   

   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016   

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States Commodity Index Funds Trust   

   Condensed Statement of Changes in Capital (Unaudited)   

   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016   

United States Copper Index Fund  

Condensed Statement of Changes in Shares Outstanding (Unaudited)   

   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016   

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States Commodity Index Funds Trust   

   Condensed Statement of Changes in Capital (Unaudited)   

   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016   

United States Agriculture Index Fund  

Condensed Statement of Changes in Shares Outstanding (Unaudited)   

   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016   

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States Commodity Index Funds Trust   

   Condensed Statement of Changes in Capital (Unaudited)   

   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016   

United States Commodity Index Funds Trust  

Condensed Statement of Changes in Shares Outstanding (Unaudited)   

   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016   

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States Commodity Index Funds Trust   

   Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)   

   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

United States Commodity Index Fund  

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States Commodity Index Funds Trust   

   Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)   

   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

United States Copper Index Fund  

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States Commodity Index Funds Trust   

   Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)   

   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

United States Agriculture Index Fund  

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States Commodity Index Funds Trust   

   Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)   

   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

United States Commodity Index Funds Trust  

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

United States Commodity Index Funds Trust  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

  For the period ended September 30, 2016 (Unaudited)  

NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS  

The United States Commodity Index Funds Trust
(the  Trust ) was organized as a Delaware statutory trust on December 21, 2009. The Trust is a series trust formed
pursuant to the Delaware Statutory Trust Act and includes the United States Commodity Index Fund ( USCI ), a commodity
pool formed on April 1, 2010 and first made available to the public on August 10, 2010, the United States Copper Index
Fund ( CPER ), a commodity pool formed on November 26, 2010 and first made available to the public on November 15,
2011, and the United States Agriculture Index Fund ( USAG ), a commodity pool formed on November 26, 2010 and
first made available to the public on April 13, 2012. USCF as the sponsor of the Trust and its series the United States Metals
Index Fund ( USMI ) terminated USMI effective March 18, 2015 and USMI was also delisted from NYSE Arca. On March 24,
2015, USMI liquidated all its assets and distributed cash pro rata to all remaining shareholders as of such date. 

USCI, CPER and USAG each issue shares ( shares )
that may be purchased and sold on the NYSE Arca, Inc. ( NYSE Arca ). USCI, CPER, and USAG are collectively referred
to herein as the  Trust Series.  The Trust and each Trust Series operate pursuant to the Third Amended and Restated
Declaration of Trust and Trust Agreement dated as of March 22, 2013 (the  Trust Agreement ). United States Commodity
Funds LLC ( USCF ) is the sponsor of the Trust and the Trust Series and is also responsible for the management of the
Trust and the Trust Series. For purposes of the financial statement presentation, unless specified otherwise, all references will
be to the Trust Series. 

USCF has the power and authority to establish
and designate one or more series and to issue shares thereof, from time to time as it deems necessary or desirable. USCF has exclusive
power to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences as between the shares of any series as to right of redemption, special
and relative rights as to dividends and other distributions and on liquidation, conversion rights, and conditions under which the
series shall have separate voting rights or no voting rights. The term for which the Trust is to exist commenced on the date of
the filing of the Certificate of Trust, and the Trust and any Trust Series will exist in perpetuity, unless earlier terminated
in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Agreement. Separate and distinct records must be maintained for each Trust Series
and the assets associated with a Trust Series must be held in such separate and distinct records (directly or indirectly, including
a nominee or otherwise) and accounted for in such separate and distinct records separately from the assets of any other Trust Series.
Each Trust Series is separate from all other Trust Series created as series of the Trust in respect of the assets and liabilities
allocated to that Trust Series and represents a separate investment portfolio of the Trust. 

In connection with the Third Amended and Restated
Declaration of Trust, dated March 22, 2013, a new series of the Trust was designated on June 1, 2016, the USCF Canadian Crude Oil
Index Fund ( UCCO ). UCCO is currently in registration and has not commenced operations as of the filing of this quarterly
report on Form 10-Q. 

The sole Trustee of the Trust is Wilmington
Trust Company (the  Trustee ), a Delaware banking corporation. The Trustee is unaffiliated with USCF. The Trustee s
duties and liabilities with respect to the offering of shares and the management of the Trust are limited to its express obligations
under the Trust Agreement. 

USCF is a member of the National Futures
Association (the  NFA ) and became a commodity pool operator ( CPO ) registered with the Commodity
Futures Trading Commission (the  CFTC ) effective December 1, 2005. The Trust and each Trust Series have a fiscal
year ending on December 31. 

USCF is also the general partner of the United
States Oil Fund, LP ( USO ), the United States Natural Gas Fund, LP ( UNG ), the United States 12
Month Oil Fund, LP ( USL ), the United States Gasoline Fund, LP ( UGA ) and the United States Diesel-Heating
Oil Fund, LP ( UHN ), which listed their limited partnership shares on the American Stock Exchange (the  AMEX )
under the ticker symbols  USO  on April 10, 2006,  UNG  on April 18, 2007,  USL  on
December 6, 2007,  UGA  on February 26, 2008 and  UHN  on April 9, 2008, respectively. As
a result of the acquisition of the AMEX by NYSE Euronext, each of USO s, UNG s, USL s, UGA s and UHN s
shares commenced trading on the NYSE Arca on November 25, 2008. USCF is also the general partner of the United States
Short Oil Fund, LP ( DNO ), the United States 12 Month Natural Gas Fund, LP ( UNL ) and the United States
Brent Oil Fund, LP ( BNO ), which listed their limited partnership shares on the NYSE Arca under the ticker symbols
 DNO  on September 24, 2009,  UNL  on November 18, 2009 and  BNO  on June 2,
2010, respectively. All funds listed previously, other than UCCO, are referred to collectively herein as the  Related Public
Funds.  

Effective as of May 1, 2012, each of USCI,
CPER and USAG issue shares to certain authorized purchasers ( Authorized Participants ) by offering baskets consisting
of 50,000 shares ( Creation Baskets ) through ALPS Distributors, Inc., as the marketing agent (the  Marketing
Agent ). Prior to May 1, 2012, each of USCI, CPER and USAG issued shares to Authorized Participants by offering baskets
consisting of 100,000 shares through the Marketing Agent. The purchase price for a Creation Basket is based upon the net asset
value ( NAV ) of a share calculated shortly after the close of the core trading session on the NYSE Arca on the
day the order to create the basket is properly received. 

Authorized Participants pay USCI a transaction
fee of $350 for each order placed to create one or more Creation Baskets or to redeem one or more baskets ( Redemption Baskets ),
consisting of 50,000 shares; prior to July 1, 2011, Authorized Participants paid USCI a transaction fee of $1,000 for each
order placed to create one or more Creation Baskets or to redeem one or more Redemption Baskets. Since May 1, 2012, Authorized
Participants paid to CPER and USAG a transaction fee of $350 for each order placed to create one or more Creation Baskets or to
redeem one or more Redemption Baskets; prior to May 1, 2012, Authorized Participants paid $1,000 for each order placed to
create one or more Creation Baskets or to redeem one or more Redemption Baskets. Shares may be purchased or sold on a nationally
recognized securities exchange in smaller increments than a Creation Basket or Redemption Basket. Shares purchased or sold on a
nationally recognized securities exchange are not purchased or sold at the per share NAV of each Trust Series but rather at market
prices quoted on such exchange. 

The accompanying unaudited condensed financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(the  SEC ) and, therefore, do not include all information and footnote disclosure required under generally accepted
accounting principles ( GAAP ) in the United States of America. The financial information included herein is unaudited;
however, such financial information reflects all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, which are, in the
opinion of USCF, necessary for the fair presentation of the condensed financial statements for the interim period. 

NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Basis of Presentation  

The financial statements have been prepared
in conformity with GAAP as detailed in the Financial Accounting Standards Board s ( FASB ) Accounting Standards
Codification. Each Trust Series is an investment company and follows the accounting and reporting guidance in FASB Topic 946. The
Trust financial statements included its respective series of funds financial statements including USCI, CPER, USAG and USMI through
March 31, 2015. For reporting commencing with the June 30, 2015 reporting period, and in conjunction with the termination of USMI
on March 18, 2015 the USMI financial statements have not been included, but are included in the overall Trust financial statements
for the applicable reporting periods. 

Revenue Recognition  

Commodity futures contracts, forward contracts,
physical commodities, and related options are recorded on the trade date. All such transactions are recorded on the identified
cost basis and marked to market daily. Unrealized gains or losses on open contracts are reflected in the condensed statements
of financial condition and represent the difference between the original contract amount and the market value (as determined by
exchange settlement prices for futures contracts and related options and cash dealer prices at a predetermined time for forward
contracts, physical commodities, and their related options) as of the last business day of the year or as of the last date of the condensed
financial statements. Changes in the unrealized gains or losses between periods are reflected in the condensed statements
of operations. Each Trust Series earns income on funds held at the custodian or futures commission merchant ( FCM )
at prevailing market rates earned on such investments. 

Brokerage Commissions  

Brokerage commissions on all open commodity
futures contracts are accrued on a full-turn basis. 

Income Taxes  

The Trust Series are not subject to federal
income taxes; each investor reports his/her allocable share of income, gain, loss deductions or credits on his/her own income tax
return. 

In accordance with GAAP, each Trust Series
is required to determine whether a tax position is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the applicable taxing
authority, including resolution of any tax related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position.
Each Trust Series files an income tax return in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, and may file income tax returns in various U.S.
states. None of the Trust Series is subject to income tax return examinations by major taxing authorities for years before 2013.
The tax benefit recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being
realized upon ultimate settlement. De-recognition of a tax benefit previously recognized results in each Trust Series recording
a tax liability that reduces net assets. However, each Trust Series  conclusions regarding this policy may be subject to
review and adjustment at a later date based on factors including, but not limited to, on-going analysis of and changes to tax laws,
regulations and interpretations thereof. Each Trust Series recognizes interest accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits and
penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax fees payable, if assessed. No interest expense or penalties have been
recognized as of and for the period ended September 30, 2016 for any Trust Series. 

Trust Capital and Allocation of Income and
Losses  

Profit or loss shall be allocated among the
shareholders of each Trust Series in proportion to the number of shares each investor holds as of the close of each month. USCF
may revise, alter or otherwise modify this method of allocation as described in the Trust Agreement. 

Creations and Redemptions  

Effective as of May 1, 2012, Authorized
Participants may purchase Creation Baskets or redeem Redemption Baskets for USCI, CPER and USAG only in blocks of 50,000 shares
at a price equal to the NAV of the shares calculated shortly after the close of the core trading session on the NYSE Arca on the
day the order is placed. 

Each Trust Series receives or pays the proceeds
from shares sold or redeemed within three business days after the trade date of the purchase or redemption. The amounts due from
Authorized Participants are reflected in each Trust Series  condensed statements of financial condition as receivable for
shares sold, and amounts payable to Authorized Participants upon redemption are reflected as payable for shares redeemed. 

Authorized Participants pay each Trust Series
a transaction fee of $350 for each order placed to create one or more Creation Baskets or to redeem one or more Redemption Baskets. 

Calculation of Per Share Net Asset Value
( NAV )  

Each Trust Series  per share NAV is calculated
on each NYSE Arca trading day by taking the current market value of its total assets, subtracting any liabilities and dividing
the amount by the total number of shares issued and outstanding. Each Trust Series uses the closing prices on the relevant
Futures Exchanges (as defined in Note 3 below) of the Applicable Benchmark Component Futures Contracts (as defined in Note 3 below)
that at any given time make up the Applicable Index (as defined in Note 3 below) (determined at the earlier of the close of such
exchange or 2:30 p.m. New York time) for the contracts traded on the Futures Exchanges, but calculates or determines the value
of all other investments of each Trust Series using market quotations, if available, or other information customarily used to determine
the fair value of such investments. 

Net Income (Loss) Per Share  

Net income (loss) per share is the difference between the per
share NAV at the beginning of each period and the per share NAV at the end of each period. The weighted average number of shares
outstanding was computed for purposes of disclosing net income (loss) per weighted average share. The weighted average shares are
equal to the number of shares outstanding at the end of the period, adjusted proportionately for shares added and redeemed based
on the amount of time the shares were outstanding during such period. As of September 30, 2016, USCF held 5 shares of USCI, 40
shares of CPER and 5 shares of USAG. 

Offering Costs  

Offering costs incurred in connection with
the registration of shares prior to the commencement of the offering are borne by USCF. Offering costs incurred in connection with
the registration of additional shares after the commencement of the offering are borne by each Trust Series. These costs include
registration fees paid to regulatory agencies and all legal, accounting, printing and other expenses associated with such offerings. Costs
borne by the Trust Series after the commencement of an offering are accounted for as a deferred charge and thereafter amortized
to expense over twelve months on a straight-line basis or a shorter period if warranted. 

Cash Equivalents  

Cash equivalents include money market funds
and overnight deposits or time deposits with original maturity dates of six months or less. 

Reclassifications  

Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified
to conform to the current year presentation. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of condensed financial statements
in conformity with GAAP requires USCF to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed financial statements, and the reported amounts
of the revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ from those estimates and assumptions. 

NOTE 3 - TRUST SERIES  

In connection with the execution of the First
Trust Agreement on April 1, 2010, USCI was designated as the first series of the Trust. USCF contributed $1,000 to the Trust
upon its formation on December 21, 2009, representing an initial contribution of capital to the Trust. Following the designation
of USCI as the first series of the Trust, the initial capital contribution of $1,000 was transferred from the Trust to USCI and
deemed an initial contribution to USCI. In connection with the commencement of USCI s initial offering of shares, USCF received
20 Sponsor Shares of USCI in exchange for the previously received capital contribution, representing a beneficial ownership interest
in USCI. 

On July 30, 2010, USCI received a notice
of effectiveness from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) for its registration of 50,000,000 shares
on Form S-1 with the SEC. On August 10, 2010, USCI listed its shares on the NYSE Arca under the ticker symbol  USCI .
USCI established its  initial per share NAV by setting the price at $50.00 and issued 100,000 shares in exchange for $5,000,000
on August 10, 2010. USCI also commenced investment operations on August 10, 2010 by purchasing Futures Contracts traded
on the Futures Exchanges. In order to satisfy NYSE Arca listing standards that at least 100,000 shares be outstanding at the beginning
of the trading day on the NYSE Arca, USCF purchased the initial Creation Basket from the initial Authorized Participant at the
initial offering price. The $1,000 fee that would otherwise be charged to the Authorized Participant in connection with an order
to create or redeem was waived in connection with the initial Creation Basket. USCF held such initial Creation Basket until September 3,
2010, at which time the initial Authorized Participant repurchased the shares comprising such basket in accordance with the specified
conditions noted above. On September 14, 2011, USCF redeemed the 20 Sponsor Shares of USCI and, on September 19, 2011,
USCF purchased five shares of USCI in the open market. 

In connection with the Second Amended and Restated
Trust Agreement dated November 10, 2010, USMI, USAG and CPER were designated as three additional series of the Trust. Following
the designation of the additional series, an initial capital contribution of $3,000 was transferred from USCF to the Trust. On
November 10, 2010, the Trust transferred $1,000 to each of USMI, USAG and CPER, which was deemed a capital contribution to
each series. On November 14, 2011, USCF received 40 Sponsor Shares of CPER in exchange for the previously received capital contribution,
representing a beneficial interest in CPER. On December 7, 2011, USCF redeemed the 40 Sponsor Shares of CPER and purchased 40 shares
of CPER in the open market. On April 13, 2012, USCF received 40 Sponsor Shares of USAG in exchange for the previously received
capital contribution, representing a beneficial interest in USAG. On June 28, 2012, USCF redeemed the 40 Sponsor Shares of USAG
and on October 3, 2012, purchased 5 shares of USAG on the open market. On June 10, 2012, USCF received 40 Sponsor Shares of
USMI in exchange for the previously received capital contribution, representing a beneficial interest in USMI. On August 27, 2012,
USCF redeemed the 40 Sponsor Shares of USMI and on September 4, 2013, purchased 5 shares of USMI on the open market. On March 18,
2015, all Sponsor Shares of USMI were redeemed and USMI discontinued trading. 

CPER and USAG received notice of effectiveness
from the SEC for its registration of 30,000,000 CPER shares and 20,000,000 USAG shares on September 6, 2011. The order to
permit listing CPER and USAG on the NYSE Arca was received on October 20, 2011. On November 15, 2011, CPER listed its
shares on the NYSE Arca under the ticker symbol  CPER.  CPER established its  initial per share NAV by setting
the price at $25 and issued 100,000 shares to the initial Authorized Participant, Merrill Lynch Professional Clearing Corp., in
exchange for $2,500,000 in cash on November 15, 2011. The $1,000 fee that would otherwise be charged to the Authorized Participant
in connection with an order to create or redeem was waived in connection with the initial Creation Basket. 

On April 13, 2012, USAG listed its shares
on the NYSE Arca under the ticker symbol  USAG.  USAG established its  initial per share NAV by setting the price
at $25. On April 14, 2012, USCF purchased two initial Creation Baskets of USAG. In accordance with applicable requirements
of Regulation M under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, ( Exchange Act ), no Creation Baskets were offered
to Authorized Participants nor were the shares listed on the NYSE Arca until five business days had elapsed from the date of USCF s
purchase of the initial Creation Basket on April 4, 2012. The $1,000 fee that would have otherwise been charged in connection
with an order to create or redeem was waived in connection with the initial Creation Basket. 

In connection with the Third Amended and Restated
Declaration of Trust, dated March 22, 2013, a new series of the Trust was designated on June 1, 2016, the USCF Canadian Crude Oil
Index Fund ( UCCO ). UCCO has not commenced operations as of the filing of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

USCI s Investment Objective  

USCI invests in futures contracts for commodities
that are currently traded on the New York Mercantile Exchange (the  NYMEX ), ICE Futures ( ICE Futures ),
Chicago Board of Trade ( CBOT ), Chicago Mercantile Exchange ( CME ), London Metal Exchange ( LME ),
Commodity Exchange, Inc. ( COMEX ) or on other foreign exchanges (the NYMEX, ICE Futures, CBOT, CME, LME, COMEX and
other foreign exchanges, collectively, the  Futures Exchanges ) (such futures contracts, collectively,  Futures
Contracts ) and, to a lesser extent, in order to comply with regulatory requirements or in view of market conditions, other
commodity-based contracts and instruments such as cash-settled options on Futures Contracts, forward contracts relating to commodities,
cleared swap contracts and other non-exchange traded over-the-counter ( OTC ) transactions that are based on the price
of commodities and Futures Contracts (collectively,  Other Commodity-Related Investments ). Market conditions that
USCF currently anticipates could cause USCI to invest in Other Commodity Related Investments would be those allowing USCI to obtain
greater liquidity or to execute transactions with more favorable pricing. Futures Contracts and Other Commodity-Related Investments
collectively are referred to as  Commodity Interests.  

The investment objective of USCI is for the
daily changes in percentage terms of its shares  per share net asset value ( NAV ) to reflect the daily changes
in percentage terms of the SummerHaven Dynamic Commodity Index Total Return SM  (the  SDCI ), less USCI s
expenses. USCF does not intend to operate USCI in a fashion such that its per share NAV will equal, in dollar terms, the spot prices
of the commodities underlying the Benchmark Component Futures Contracts (as defined below) that comprise the SDCI or the prices
of any particular group of Futures Contracts. USCI will not seek to achieve its stated investment objective over a period of time
greater than one day. USCI believes that it is not practical to manage the portfolio to achieve such an investment goal when investing
in Futures Contracts and Other Commodity-Related Investments. The SDCI is designed to reflect the performance of a diversified
group of commodities. The SDCI is comprised of 14 Futures Contracts that are selected on a monthly basis from a list of 27 possible
Futures Contracts. The Futures Contracts that at any given time make up the SDCI are referred to herein as  Benchmark Component
Futures Contracts.  The SDCI is owned and maintained by SummerHaven Index Management, LLC ( SHIM ) and calculated
and published by Bloomberg, L.P. USCI invests first in the current Applicable Benchmark Component Futures Contracts and other Futures
Contracts intended to replicate the return on the current Benchmark Component Futures Contracts and, thereafter may hold Futures
Contracts in a particular commodity other than one specified as the Benchmark Component Futures Contract, or may hold Other Commodity-Related
Investments that are intended to replicate the return on the Benchmark Component Futures Contracts, but may fail to closely track
the SDCI s total return movements. If USCI increases in size, and due to its obligations to comply with regulatory limits
or due to other market pricing or liquidity factors, USCI may invest in Futures Contract months other than the designated month
specified as the Benchmark Component Futures Contracts, or in Other Commodity-Related Investments, which may have the effect of
increasing transaction related expenses and may result in increased tracking error. 

USCI s shares began trading on August 10,
2010. As of September 30, 2016, USCI held 846 Futures Contracts on the NYMEX, 4,348 Futures Contracts on the ICE Futures, 3,911
Futures Contracts on the CBOT, 4,468 Futures Contracts on the CME, 2,560 Futures Contracts on the LME and 849 Futures Contracts
on the COMEX, totaling 16,982 futures contracts. 

CPER s Investment Objective  

The investment objective of CPER is for the
daily changes in percentage terms of its shares  per share NAV to reflect the daily changes in percentage terms of the SummerHaven
Copper Index Total Return SM  (the  SCI ), less CPER s expenses. USCF does not intend to operate CPER
in a fashion such that its per share NAV will equal, in dollar terms, the spot prices of the commodities underlying the Benchmark
Component Copper Futures Contracts (as defined below) that comprise the SCI or the prices of any particular group of Futures Contracts.
CPER will not seek to achieve a stated investment objective over a period of time greater than one day. USCF believes that it is
not practical to manage the portfolio to achieve such an investment goal when investing in Futures Contracts and Other Copper-Related
Investments (as defined below). The SCI is designed to reflect the performance of the investment returns from a portfolio of copper
futures contracts. The SCI is owned and maintained by SHIM and calculated and published by the NYSE Arca. The SCI is comprised
of either two or three Eligible Copper Futures Contracts that are selected on a monthly basis based on quantitative formulas relating
to the prices of the Eligible Copper Futures Contracts developed by SHIM. The Eligible Copper Futures Contracts that at any given
time make up the SCI are referred to herein as  Benchmark Component Copper Futures Contracts.  

CPER seeks to achieve its investment objective
by investing to the fullest extent possible in the Benchmark Component Copper Futures Contracts. Then, if constrained by regulatory
requirements or in view of market conditions, CPER will invest next in other Eligible Copper Futures Contracts, and finally to
a lesser extent, in other exchange traded futures contracts that are economically identical or substantially similar to the Benchmark
Component Copper Futures Contracts if one or more other Eligible Copper Futures Contracts is not available. When CPER has invested
to the fullest extent possible in exchange-traded futures contracts, CPER may then invest in other contracts and instruments based
on the Benchmark Component Copper Futures Contracts, other Eligible Copper Futures Contracts or copper, such as cash-settled options,
forward contracts, cleared swap contracts and swap contracts other than cleared swap contracts. Other exchange-traded futures contracts
that are economically identical or substantially similar to the Benchmark Component Copper Futures Contracts and other contracts
and instruments based on the Benchmark Component Copper Futures Contracts, are referred to collectively as  Other Copper-Related
Investments,  and together with Benchmark Component Copper Futures Contracts and other Eligible Copper Futures Contracts,
 Copper Interests.  CPER s shares began trading on November 15, 2011. As of September 30, 2016, CPER held 53
Futures Contracts on the COMEX. 

USAG s Investment Objective  

The investment objective of USAG is for the
daily changes in percentage terms of its shares  per share NAV to reflect the daily changes in percentage terms of the SummerHaven
Dynamic Agriculture Index Total Return SM  (the  SDAI ), less USAG s expenses. USCF does not intend
to operate USAG in a fashion such that its per share NAV will equal, in dollar terms, the spot prices of the commodities underlying
the Benchmark Component Agriculture Futures Contracts (as defined below) that comprise the SDAI or the prices of any particular
group of Futures Contracts. USAG will not seek to achieve its stated investment objective over a period of time greater than one
day. USCF believes that it is not practical to manage the portfolio to achieve such an investment goal when investing in Futures
Contracts and Other Agriculture-Related Investments (as defined below). The SDAI is designed to reflect the performance of a diversified
group of agricultural commodities. The SDAI is owned and maintained by SHIM and calculated and published by the NYSE Arca. Futures
contracts for the agricultural commodities comprising the SDAI are traded on ICE Future US, ICE Futures Canada, the CBOT, the Kansas
City Board of Trade ( KCBT ) and the CME and are collectively referred to herein as  Eligible Agriculture Futures
Contracts.  The SDAI is comprised of 14 Eligible Agriculture Futures Contracts that are selected on a monthly basis based
on quantitative formulas developed by SHIM. The Eligible Agriculture Futures Contracts that at any given time make up the SDAI
are referred to herein as  Benchmark Component Agriculture Futures Contracts.  The relative weighting of the Benchmark
Component Agriculture Futures Contracts will change on a monthly basis, based on quantitative formulas relating to the prices of
the Benchmark Component Agriculture Futures Contracts developed by SHIM. 

USAG seeks to achieve its investment objective
by investing to the fullest extent possible in the Benchmark Component Agriculture Futures Contracts. Then, if constrained by regulatory
requirements or in view of market conditions, USAG will invest next in other Eligible Agriculture Futures Contracts based on the
same agricultural commodity as the futures contracts subject to such regulatory constraints or market conditions, and finally,
to a lesser extent, in other exchange traded futures contracts that are economically identical or substantially similar to the
Benchmark Component Agriculture Futures Contracts if one or more other Eligible Agriculture Futures Contracts is not available.
When USAG has invested to the fullest extent possible in exchange-traded futures contracts, USAG may then invest in other contracts
and instruments based on the Benchmark Component Agriculture Futures Contracts, other Eligible Agriculture Futures Contracts or
the agricultural commodities included in the SDAI, such as cash-settled options, forward contracts, cleared swap contracts and
swap contracts other than cleared swap contracts. Other exchange-traded futures contracts that are economically identical or substantially
similar to the Benchmark Component Agriculture Futures Contracts and other contracts and instruments based on the Benchmark Component
Agriculture Futures Contracts, as well as metals included in the SDAI, are collectively referred to as  Other Agriculture-Related
Investments,  and together with Benchmark Component Agriculture Futures Contracts and other Eligible Agriculture Futures
Contracts,  Agriculture Interests.  USAG s shares began trading on April 13, 2012. As of September 30, 2016,
USAG held 23 Futures Contracts on the ICE Futures, 30 Futures Contracts on the CBOT, 16 Futures Contracts on the CME, and 2 Futures
Contracts on the KCBT, totaling 71 futures contracts. 

Other Defined Terms   Trust Series  

The SDCI, the SCI and the SDAI are referred
to throughout these Notes to Financial Statements collectively as the  Applicable Index  or  Indices.  

Benchmark Component Futures Contracts, Benchmark
Component Copper Futures Contracts and Benchmark Component Agriculture Futures Contracts are referred to throughout these Notes
to Condensed Financial Statements collectively as  Applicable Benchmark Component Futures Contracts.  

Other Commodity-Related Investments, Other
Copper-Related Investments and Other Agriculture-Related Interests are referred to throughout these Notes to Condensed Financial
Statements collectively as  Other Related Investments.  

Trading Advisor and Trustee  

The Trust Series  trading advisor is
SummerHaven Investment Management, LLC ( SummerHaven ), a Delaware limited liability company that is registered as
a commodity trading advisor and CPO with the CFTC and is a member of the NFA. SummerHaven provides advisory services to USCF with
respect to the Applicable Index of each Trust Series and the investment decisions of each Trust Series. 

The Trustee accepts service of legal process
on the Trust in the State of Delaware and makes certain filings under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act. The Trustee does not owe
any other duties to the Trust, USCF or the shareholders. 

NOTE 4 - FEES PAID BY EACH TRUST SERIES AND RELATED PARTY
TRANSACTIONS  

USCF Management Fee  

Under the Trust Agreement, USCF is responsible
for investing the assets of each Trust Series in accordance with the objectives and policies of each such Trust Series. In addition,
USCF has arranged for one or more third parties to provide trading advisory, administrative, custody, accounting, transfer agency
and other necessary services to each Trust Series. For these services, each of USCI, CPER and USAG is contractually obligated to
pay USCF a fee, which is paid monthly, equal to 0.95% per annum of average daily total net assets. Effective January 1, 2016,
USCF permanently lowered the management fee for USCI to 0.80% (80 basis points) per annum of average daily total net assets for
USCI and 0.65% (65 basis points) per annum of average daily total net assets for both CPER and USAG, respectively. 

Trustee Fee  

The Trustee is the Delaware trustee of the
Trust. In connection with the Trustee s services, USCF is responsible for paying the Trustee s annual fee in the
amount of $3,000. 

Ongoing Registration Fees and Other Offering
Expenses  

Each Trust Series pays the costs and expenses
associated with the ongoing registration of its shares subsequent to the initial offering. These costs include registration
or other fees paid to regulatory agencies in connection with the offer and sale of shares, and all legal, accounting, printing
and other expenses associated with such offer and sale. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, no Trust
Series incurred any registration fees or other offering expenses. 

Independent Directors  and Officers 
Expenses  

Each Trust Series is responsible for paying
its portion of the directors  fees and directors  and officers  liability insurance for such Trust Series and
the Related Public Funds. Each Trust Series shares the fees and expenses on a pro rata basis with each other Trust Series and each
Related Public Fund, as described above, based on the relative assets of each fund computed on a daily basis. These fees and expenses
for the year ended December 31, 2016, are estimated to be a total of $554,800 for the Trust Series and the Related Public Funds.
USCI s portion of such fees and expenses for year ended December 31, 2016 are estimated to be a total of $65,400, CPER s
portion of such fees and expenses for year ended December 31, 2016 are estimated to be a total of $300 and USAG s portion
of such fees and expenses for year ended December 31, 2016 are estimated to be a total of $200. 

Investor Tax Reporting Cost  

The fees and expenses associated with each
Trust Series  audit expenses and tax accounting and reporting requirements are paid by such Trust Series. These costs are
estimated to be $650,000 for the year ended December 31, 2016 for USCI, $46,000 for the year ended December 31, 2016 for CPER,
and $42,000 for the year ended December 31, 2016 for USAG. 

Other Expenses and Fees and Expense Waivers  

In addition to the fees described above, each
Trust Series pays all brokerage fees and other expenses in connection with the operation of such Trust Series, excluding costs
and expenses paid by USCF as outlined in  Note 5  Contracts and Agreements  below. In addition, USCF pays certain expenses
normally borne by each of CPER and USAG to the extent that such expenses exceed 0.15% (15 basis points) of each of CPER s
and USAG s NAV, on an annualized basis. USCF has no obligation to continue such payments into subsequent periods. For the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, USCF waived $56,084 in expenses for CPER and $53,011 for USAG. This voluntary expense waiver
is in addition to those amounts USCF is contractually obligated to pay as described in  Note 5   Contracts and Agreements 
below. 

NOTE 5   CONTRACTS AND AGREEMENTS  

Marketing Agent Agreement  

USCF and the Trust, each on its own behalf
and on behalf of each Trust Series, are party to a marketing agent agreement, dated as of July 22, 2010, as amended from time
to time, with the Marketing Agent, whereby the Marketing Agent provides certain marketing services for each Trust Series as
outlined in the agreement. The fee of the Marketing Agent, which is borne by USCF, is equal to 0.06% on each Trust Series 
assets up to $3 billion and 0.04% on each Trust Series  assets in excess of $3 billion. In no event may the aggregate compensation
paid to the Marketing Agent and any affiliate of USCF for distribution related services exceed 10% of the gross proceeds of each
Trust Series  offering. 

The above fee does not include website construction
and development, which are also borne by USCF.   

Brown Brothers Harriman   Co. Agreements  

USCF and the Trust, on its own behalf and on
behalf of each Trust Series, are also party to a custodian agreement, dated July 22, 2010, as amended from time to time, with
Brown Brothers Harriman   Co. ( BBH Co. ), whereby BBH Co. holds investments on behalf of each Trust
Series. USCF pays the fees of the custodian, which are determined by the parties from time to time. In addition, USCF and
the Trust, on its own behalf and on behalf of each Trust Series, are party to an administrative agency agreement, dated July 22,
2010, as amended from time to time, with BBH Co., whereby BBH Co. acts as the administrative agent, transfer agent and
registrar for each Trust Series. USCF also pays the fees of BBH Co. for its services under such agreement and such fees are
determined by the parties from time to time. 

Currently, USCF pays BBH Co. for its services,
in the foregoing capacities, a minimum amount of $75,000 annually for its custody, fund accounting and fund administration services
rendered to each Trust Series and each of the Related Public Funds, as well as a $20,000 annual fee for its transfer agency services.
In addition, USCF pays BBH Co. an asset-based charge of: (a) 0.06% for the first $500 million of the Related Public Funds 
combined net assets, (b) 0.0465% for the Related Public Funds  combined net assets greater than $500 million but less than
$1 billion, and (c) 0.035% once the Related Public Funds  combined net assets exceed $1 billion. The annual minimum amount
will not apply if the asset-based charge for all accounts in the aggregate exceeds $75,000. USCF also pays BBH Co. transaction
fees ranging from $7 to $15 per transaction. 

Brokerage and Futures Commission Merchant
Agreements  

On July 7, 2014, the Trust on behalf of each
Trust Series entered into a Futures and Cleared Swaps Agreement with Wells Fargo Securities, LLC ( WFS ). WFS is referred
to as the  Futures Commissions Merchant  or  FCM . The agreements require the FCM to provide services to
each Trust Series in connection with the purchase and sale of Futures Contracts and Other Related Investments that may be purchased
and sold by or through the FCM for each Trust Series  account. In accordance with the agreement, the FCM charges each Trust
Series commissions of approximately $7 to $8 per round-turn trade, including applicable exchange and NFA fees for Futures Contracts
and options on Futures Contracts. Such fees include those incurred when purchasing Futures Contracts and options on Futures Contracts
when each Trust Series issues shares as a result of a Creation Basket, as well as fees incurred when selling Futures Contacts and
options on Futures Contracts when each Trust Series redeems shares as a result of a Redemption Basket. Such fees are also incurred
when Futures Contracts and options on Futures Contracts are purchased or redeemed for the purpose of rebalancing the portfolio.
Each Trust Series also incurs commissions to brokers for the purchase and sale of Futures Contracts, Other Commodity-Related Investments
or short-term obligations of the United States of two years or less ( Treasuries ). 

USCI  

The increase in USCI s total commissions
accrued to brokers for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, was primarily
due to an increase in the number of contracts traded during the rebalancing periods. 

CPER  

CPER s total commissions accrued to brokers
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, increased due to the number
contracts traded during the rebalancing periods. 

USAG  

For the nine  months ended  September 30, 2016       
     For the nine  months ended  September 30, 2015     
 
     Total commissions accrued to brokers    
     $  1,788       
     $  1,606     
 
     Total commissions as an annualized percentage of average total net assets    
        0.12  %    
        0.10  %  
 
     Commissions accrued as a result of rebalancing    
     $  1,788       
     $  1,606     
 
     Percentage of commissions accrued as a result of rebalancing    
        100  %    
        100  %  
 
     Commissions accrued as a result of creation and redemption activity    
     $          
     $        
 
     Percentage of commissions accrued as a result of creation and redemption activity    
           %    
           %  

USAG s total commissions accrued to brokers
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, increased slightly due to the
contracts traded during the rebalancing periods. 

SummerHaven Agreements  

USCF is party to an Amended Advisory Agreement,
dated July 1, 2011, as amended from time to time, with SummerHaven, whereby SummerHaven provides advisory services to USCF
with respect to the Applicable Index for each Trust Series and investment decisions for each Trust Series. SummerHaven s
advisory services include, but are not limited to, general consultation regarding the calculation and maintenance of the Applicable
Index for each Trust Series, anticipated changes to each Applicable Index and the nature of each Applicable Index s current
or anticipated component securities. For these services, USCF pays SummerHaven a fee based on a percentage of the average
total net assets of each Trust Series. For USCI, the fee is equal to the percentage fees paid to USCF minus 0.14%, with that result
multiplied by 0.5, minus 0.06% to arrive at the actual fee paid. For each of CPER and USAG, the fee is equal to the percentage
fees paid to USCF minus 0.18%, with that result multiplied by 0.5, minus 0.06% to arrive at the actual fee paid. 

USCF is also party to an Amended Licensing
Agreement, dated July 1, 2011, as amended from time to time, with SummerHaven, whereby SummerHaven sub-licensed to each Trust
Series the use of certain names and marks, including the Applicable Index for each Trust Series for which SummerHaven has a sub-license
from SHIM, the owner of each Applicable Index. Under the Licensing Agreement, USCF paid SummerHaven an annual fee of $15,000 per
each Trust Series for the year ended December 31, 2015, plus an annual fee of 0.06% of the average daily total net assets of each
Trust Series. 

NOTE 6   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS, OFF-BALANCE SHEET RISKS
AND CONTINGENCIES  

Each Trust Series engages in the trading of
futures contracts, options on futures contracts and cleared swaps (collectively,  derivatives ). As such, each Trust
Series is exposed to both market risk, which is the risk arising from changes in the market value of the contracts, and credit
risk, which is the risk of failure by another party to perform according to the terms of a contract. 

Each Trust Series may enter into futures contracts
and options on futures contracts to gain exposure to changes in the value of an underlying commodity. A futures contract obligates
the seller to deliver (and the purchaser to accept) the future delivery of a specified quantity and type of a commodity at a specified
time and place. Some futures contracts may call for physical delivery of the asset, while others are settled in cash. The contractual
obligations of a buyer or seller may generally be satisfied by taking or making physical delivery of the underlying commodity or
by making an offsetting sale or purchase of an identical futures contract on the same or linked exchange before the designated
date of delivery. Cleared swaps are agreements that are eligible to be cleared by a clearinghouse, e.g. ICE Clear Europe, and provide
the efficiencies and benefits that centralized clearing on an exchange offers to traders of futures contracts, including credit
risk intermediation and the ability to offset positions initiated with different counterparties. 

The purchase and sale of futures contracts
and options on futures contracts require margin deposits with an FCM. Additional deposits may be necessary for any loss on contract
value. The Commodity Exchange Act requires an FCM to segregate all customer transactions and assets from the FCM s proprietary
activities. 

Futures contracts, options on futures contracts
and cleared swaps involve, to varying degrees, elements of market risk (specifically commodity price risk) and exposure to loss
in excess of the amount of variation margin. The face or contract amounts reflect the extent of the total exposure each Trust Series
has in the particular classes of instruments. Additional risks associated with the use of futures contracts are an imperfect correlation
between movements in the price of the futures contracts and the market value of the underlying securities and the possibility of
an illiquid market for a futures contract. Buying and selling options on futures contracts exposes investors to the risks of purchasing
or selling futures contracts. 

All of the Futures Contracts held by each Trust
Series were exchange-traded through September 30, 2016. The risks associated with exchange-traded contracts are generally perceived
to be less than those associated with OTC swaps since, in OTC swaps, a party must rely solely on the credit of its respective individual
counterparties. However, in the future if each Trust Series were to enter into non-exchange traded contracts (including Exchange
for Related Position or EFRP), it would be subject to the credit risk associated with counterparty non-performance. The credit
risk from counterparty non-performance associated with such instruments is the net unrealized gain, if any, on the transaction.
Currently, each Trust Series has credit risk under its futures contracts since the sole counterparty to all domestic and foreign
futures contracts is the clearinghouse for the exchange on which the relevant contracts are traded. In addition, each Trust
Series bears the risk of financial failure by the clearing broker. 

A Trust Series  cash and other property,
such as Treasuries, deposited with an FCM are considered commingled with all other customer funds, subject to the FCM s segregation
requirements. In the event of an FCM s insolvency, recovery may be limited to a pro rata share of segregated funds available.
It is possible that the recovered amount could be less than the total of cash and other property deposited. The insolvency of an
FCM could result in the complete loss of a Trust Series  assets posted with that FCM; however, the majority of each Trust
Series  assets are held in Treasuries, cash and/or cash equivalents with the Trust Series  custodian and would not
be impacted by the insolvency of an FCM. The failure or insolvency of the Trust Series  custodian, however, could result
in a substantial loss of each Trust Series  assets. 

USCF may invest a portion of each Trust Series 
cash in money market funds that seek to maintain a stable per share NAV. Each Trust Series may be exposed to any risk of loss associated
with an investment in such money market funds. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, none of the Trust Series held investments
in money market funds. Each Trust Series holds cash deposits with its custodian. Pursuant to a written agreement with BBH Co.,
uninvested overnight cash balances are swept to offshore branches of U.S. regulated and domiciled banks located in Toronto, Canada;
London, United Kingdom; Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands; and Nassau, Bahamas; which are subject to U.S. regulation and regulatory
oversight. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, USCI held cash deposits and investments in Treasuries in the amounts
of $669,848,288 and $530,306,994, respectively, with the custodian and FCM. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, CPER
held cash deposits and investments in Treasuries in the amounts of $2,828,004 and $2,304,696, respectively, with the custodian
and FCM. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, USAG held cash deposits and investments in Treasuries in the amounts of
$1,922,955 and $1,960,209, respectively, with the custodian and FCM. Some or all of these amounts may be subject to loss should
the Trust Series  custodian and/or FCM cease operations. 

For derivatives, risks arise from changes in
the market value of the contracts. Theoretically, each Trust Series is exposed to market risk equal to the value of Futures Contracts
purchased and unlimited liability on such contracts sold short. As both a buyer and a seller of options, each Trust Series pays
or receives a premium at the outset and then bears the risk of unfavorable changes in the price of the contract underlying the
option. 

The Trust Series  policy is to continuously
monitor its exposure to market and counterparty risk through the use of a variety of financial, position and credit exposure reporting
controls and procedures. In addition, the Trust Series or USCF have a policy of requiring review of the credit standing of
each broker or counterparty with which they conduct business. 

The financial instruments held by the applicable
Trust Series are reported in its condensed statements of financial condition at market or fair value, or at carrying amounts
that approximate fair value, because of their highly liquid nature and short-term maturity. 

NOTE 7   FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS  

The following tables present per share performance
data and other supplemental financial data for each Trust Series for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 for the
shareholders. This information has been derived from information presented in the condensed financial statements. 

USCI  

*  
      Annualized.   
 
      **  
      Effective January 1, 2016 USCF s management fee charged to USCI is 0.80% per annum of average daily total net assets.   
 
      ***  
      Effective May 1, 2014 and continuing through December 31, 2015, USCF contractually agreed to lower the management fee to 0.80% per annum of average daily total net assets for USCI.   

CPER  

*  
      Annualized.   
 
      **  
      Effective January 1, 2016 USCF s management fee charged to CPER is 0.65% per annum of average daily total net assets.   
 
      ***  
      Effective May 1, 2014 and continuing through December 31, 2015, USCF contractually agreed to lower the management fee to 0.65% per annum of average daily total net assets for CPER.   

USCF paid certain expenses on a discretionary basis typically borne by CPER where expenses exceeded 0.15% (15 basis points) of CPER s NAV, on an annualized basis, through September 30, 2016. USCF has no obligation to continue such payments into subsequent periods.   

USAG  

*  
      Annualized.   
 
      **  
      Effective January 1, 2016, USCF s management fee charged to USAG is 0.65% per annum of average daily total net assets.   
 
      ***  
      Effective May 1, 2014 and continuing through December 31, 2015, USCF contractually agreed to lower the management fee to 0.65% per annum of average daily total net assets for USAG.   

USCF paid certain expenses on a discretionary basis typically borne by USAG where expenses exceeded 0.15% (15 basis points) of USAG s NAV, on an annualized basis, through September 30, 2016. USCF has no obligation to continue such payments into subsequent periods.   

Total returns are calculated based on the change
in value during the period. An individual shareholder s total return and ratio may vary from the above total returns and
ratios based on the timing of contributions to and withdrawals from each Trust Series. 

NOTE 8   FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  

The Trust and each Trust Series value their
investments in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 820   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ( ASC
820 ). ASC 820 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles,
and expands disclosures about fair value measurement. The changes to past practice resulting from the application of ASC 820 relate
to the definition of fair value, the methods used to measure fair value, and the expanded disclosures about fair value measurement.
ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between: (1) market participant assumptions developed based
on market data obtained from sources independent of the Trust and each Trust Series (observable inputs) and (2) the Trust s
and each Trust Series  own assumptions about market participant assumptions developed based on the best information available
under the circumstances (unobservable inputs). The three levels defined by the ASC 820 hierarchy are as follows: 

Level I   Quoted prices (unadjusted)
in active markets for  identical  assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement
date. 

Level II   Inputs other than quoted prices
included within Level I that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level II assets include
the following: quoted prices for  similar  assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar
assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability,
and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means (market-corroborated
inputs). 

Level III   Unobservable pricing
input at the measurement date for the asset or liability. Unobservable inputs shall be used to measure fair value to the extent
that observable inputs are not available. 

In some instances, the inputs used to measure
fair value might fall within different levels of the fair value hierarchy. The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the
fair value measurement in its entirety falls shall be determined based on the lowest input level that is significant to the fair
value measurement in its entirety. 

The following table summarizes the valuation
of USCI s securities at September 30, 2016 using the fair value hierarchy: 

During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, there were no transfers between Level I and Level II. 

The following table summarizes the valuation
of USCI s securities at December 31, 2015 using the fair value hierarchy: 

During the year ended December 31, 2015, there
were no transfers between Level I and Level II. 

The following table summarizes the valuation
of CPER s securities at September 30, 2016 using the fair value hierarchy: 

During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, there were no transfers between Level I and Level II. 

The following table summarizes the valuation
of CPER s securities at December 31, 2015 using the fair value hierarchy: 

During the year ended December 31, 2015, there
were no transfers between Level I and Level II. 

The following table summarizes the valuation
of USAG s securities at September 30, 2016 using the fair value hierarchy: 

During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, there were no transfers between Level I and Level II. 

The following table summarizes the valuation
of USAG s securities at December 31, 2015 using the fair value hierarchy: 

During the year ended December 31, 2015, there
were no transfers between Level I and Level II. 

The Trust and each Trust Series have adopted
the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification 815   Derivatives and Hedging, which require presentation of qualitative
disclosures about objectives and strategies for using derivatives, quantitative disclosures about fair value amounts and gains
and losses on derivatives. 

Fair Value of Derivative Instruments Held by USCI  

Fair Value of Derivative Instruments Held by CPER  

Fair Value of Derivative Instruments Held by USAG  

Derivatives not Accounted for  as Hedging Instruments    
     Condensed  Statements of Financial  Condition Location    
     Fair Value  At September  30, 2016       
     Fair Value  At December  31, 2015     
 
     Futures - Commodity Contracts    
     Assets    
     $  (67  )    
     $  6,157     

The Effect of Derivative Instruments on the Condensed Statements
of Operations of USCI  

For the nine months ended  September 30, 2016       
     For the nine months ended  September 30, 2015     
 
     Derivatives  not Accounted  for as  Hedging  Instruments    
     Location of  Gain (Loss)  on Derivatives    Recognized  in Income    
     Realized  Gain (Loss)  on Derivatives  Recognized  in Income       
     Change in  Unrealized  Gain (Loss)  on Derivatives  Recognized  in Income       
     Realized  Gain (Loss)  on Derivatives  Recognized  in Income       
     Change in  Unrealized  Gain (Loss)  on Derivatives  Recognized  in Income     

Futures   Commodity Contracts    
     Realized gain  (loss) on closed contracts    
     $  7,757,295       
                
     $  (111,342,952  )    

Change in unrealized gain (loss) on open contracts    
                
     $  3,666,595       
                
     $  29,934,122     

The Effect of Derivative Instruments on the Condensed Statements
of Operations of CPER  

For the nine months ended   
  September 30, 2016   

For the nine months ended   
  September 30, 2015   

Derivatives   
  not Accounted   
  for as   
  Hedging   
  Instruments   
       
       Location of   
  Gain (Loss)   
  on Derivatives     
  Recognized   
  in Income   
       
       Realized   
  Gain (Loss)   
  on Derivatives   
  Recognized   
  in Income   

Change in   
  Unrealized   
  Gain (Loss)   
  on Derivatives   
  Recognized   
  in Income   

Realized   
  Gain (Loss)   
  on Derivatives   
  Recognized   
  in Income   

Change in   
  Unrealized   
  Gain (Loss)   
  on Derivatives   
  Recognized   
  in Income   

Futures   Commodity Contracts   
       
      Realized gain  
 (loss) on closed contracts  
       
      $  
      (241,163  
      )  

$  
      (580,813  
      )  

Change in unrealized gain (loss) on open contracts  

$  
      263,038  

$  
      173,325  

The Effect of Derivative Instruments on the Condensed Statements
of Operations of USAG  

For the nine months ended   
  September 30, 2016   

For the nine months ended   
  September 30, 2015   

Derivatives   
  not Accounted   
  for as   
  Hedging   
  Instruments   
       
       Location of   
  Gain (Loss)   
  on Derivatives     
  Recognized   
  in Income   
       
       Realized   
  Gain (Loss)   
  on Derivatives   
  Recognized   
  in Income   

Change in   
  Unrealized   
  Gain (Loss)   
  on Derivatives   
  Recognized   
  in Income   

Realized   
  Gain (Loss)   
  on Derivatives   
  Recognized   
  in Income   

Change in   
  Unrealized   
  Gain (Loss)   
  on Derivatives   
  Recognized   
  in Income   

Futures   Commodity Contracts   
       
      Realized gain  
 (loss) on closed contracts  
       
      $  
      (42,575  
      )   

$  
      (325,516  
      )  

Change in unrealized gain (loss) on open contracts  

$  
      (6,224  
      )   

$  
      66,624  

NOTE 9   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

The Trust and each Trust Series have performed
an evaluation of subsequent events through the date the condensed financial statements were issued. This evaluation did not result
in any subsequent events that necessitated disclosures and/or adjustments. 

Item 2. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  

The following discussion should be read in
conjunction with the condensed financial statements and the notes thereto of the United States Commodity Index Funds Trust (the
 Trust ) included elsewhere in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

Forward-Looking Information  

This quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including
this  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  contains forward-looking
statements regarding the plans and objectives of management for future operations. This information may involve known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the Trust s actual results, performance or achievements to be materially
different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements, which involve assumptions and describe the Trust s future plans, strategies and expectations, are generally identifiable
by use of the words  may,   will,   should,   expect,   anticipate, 
 estimate,   believe,   intend  or  project,  the negative of these words,
other variations on these words or comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that may be
incorrect, and the Trust cannot assure investors that the projections included in these forward-looking statements will come to
pass. The Trust s actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements
as a result of various factors. 

The Trust has based the forward-looking statements
included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q on information available to it on the date of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q,
and the Trust assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Although the Trust undertakes no obligation
to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, investors
are advised to consult any additional disclosures that the Trust may make directly to them or through reports that the Trust in
the future files with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ), including annual reports on Form
10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. 

Introduction  

The United States Commodity Index Fund ( USCI ),
the United States Copper Index Fund ( CPER ) and the United States Agriculture Index Fund ( USAG ) are
each a commodity pool that issues shares representing fractional undivided beneficial interests in USCI, CPER and USAG, respectively
( shares ) that may be purchased and sold on the NYSE Arca, Inc. (the  NYSE Arca ). USCI, CPER and
USAG are collectively referred to herein as the  Trust Series.  The Trust Series are series of the Trust, a Delaware
statutory trust formed on December 21, 2009. The Trust and each Trust Series operate pursuant to the Trust s Third Amended
and Restated Declaration of Trust and Trust Agreement (the  Trust Agreement ), dated March 22, 2013. Wilmington Trust
Company (the  Trustee ), a Delaware banking corporation, is the Delaware trustee of the Trust. The Trust and each Trust
Series are managed and controlled by United States Commodity Funds LLC ( USCF ). 

United States Commodity Index Fund   

USCI invests in futures contracts for commodities
that are traded on the New York Mercantile Exchange (the  NYMEX ), ICE Futures ( ICE Futures ), Chicago
Board of Trade ( CBOT ), Chicago Mercantile Exchange ( CME ), London Metal Exchange ( LME ),
Commodity Exchange, Inc. ( COMEX ) or on other domestic or foreign exchanges (such exchanges, collectively, the  Futures
Exchanges ) (such futures contracts, collectively,  Futures Contracts ) and, to a lesser extent, in order to
comply with regulatory requirements or in view of market conditions, other commodity-based contracts and instruments such as cash-settled
options on Futures Contracts, forward contracts relating to commodities, cleared swap contracts and other over-the-counter ( OTC )
swaps that are based on the price of commodities and Futures Contracts (collectively,  Other Commodity-Related Investments ).
Market conditions that USCF currently anticipates could cause USCI to invest in Other Commodity Related Investments would be those
allowing USCI to obtain greater liquidity or to execute transactions with more favorable pricing. 

The investment objective of USCI is for the
daily changes in percentage terms of its shares  per share net asset value ( NAV ) to reflect the daily changes
in percentage terms of the SummerHaven Dynamic Commodity Index Total Return SM  (the  SDCI ), less USCI s
expenses. USCF does not intend to operate USCI in a fashion such that its per share NAV will equal, in dollar terms, the spot prices
of the commodities underlying the Benchmark Component Futures Contracts (as defined below) that comprise the SDCI or the prices
of any particular group of Futures Contracts. The SDCI is owned and maintained by SummerHaven Index Management, LLC ( SHIM )
and calculated and published by the NYSE Arca. The SDCI is comprised of 14 Futures Contracts that are selected on a monthly
basis from a list of 27 possible Futures Contracts. The Futures Contracts that at any given time make up the SDCI are referred
to herein as  Benchmark Component Futures Contracts.  USCI invests first in the current Benchmark Component Futures
Contracts and other Futures Contracts intended to replicate the return on the current Benchmark Component Futures Contracts and,
thereafter may hold Futures Contracts in a particular commodity other than one specified as the Benchmark Component Futures Contract,
or may hold Other Commodity-Related Investments that may fail to closely track the SDCI s total return movements. If
USCI increases in size, and due to its obligations to comply with regulatory limits or due to other market pricing or liquidity
factors, USCI may invest in Futures Contract months other than the designated month specified as the Benchmark Component Futures
Contract, or in Other Commodity-Related Investments, which may have the effect of increasing transaction related expenses and may
result in increased tracking error. 

USCI seeks to achieve its investment objective
by investing in Futures Contracts and Other Commodity-Related Investments such that daily changes in its  per share NAV closely
track the daily changes in the price of the SDCI. USCI s positions in Commodity Interests are rebalanced on a monthly
basis in order to track the changing nature of the SDCI. If Futures Contracts relating to a particular commodity remain in
the SDCI from one month to the next, such Futures Contracts are rebalanced to the 7.14% target weight. Specifically, on a
specified day near the end of each month (the  Selection Date ), it will be determined if a current Benchmark Component
Futures Contract will be replaced by a new Futures Contract in either the same or different underlying commodity as a Benchmark
Component Futures Contract for the following month, in which case USCI s investments would have to be changed accordingly. In
order that USCI s trading does not unduly cause extraordinary market movements, and to make it more difficult for third parties
to profit by trading based on market movements that could be expected from changes in the Benchmark Component Futures Contracts,
USCI s investments typically are not rebalanced entirely on a single day, but rather typically rebalanced over a period of
four days. After fulfilling the margin and collateral requirements with respect to its Commodity Interests, USCF invests the remainder
of USCI s proceeds from the sale of shares in short-term obligations of the United States government ( Treasuries )
or cash equivalents, and/or merely hold such assets in cash (generally in interest-bearing accounts). As of September 30, 2016,
USCI held 846 Futures Contracts on the NYMEX, 4,348 Futures Contracts on the ICE Futures, 3,911 Futures Contracts on the CBOT,
4,468 Futures Contracts on the CME, 2,560 Futures Contracts on the LME and 849 Futures Contracts on the COMEX. 

United States Copper Index Fund   

CPER invests in Futures Contracts for commodities
that are traded on the COMEX and, to a lesser extent, in order to comply with regulatory requirements or in view of market conditions,
Other Copper-Related Investments. Market conditions that USCF currently anticipates could cause CPER to invest in Other Copper-Related
Investments would be those allowing CPER to obtain greater liquidity or to execute transactions with more favorable pricing. 

The investment objective of CPER is for the
daily changes in percentage terms of its shares  per share NAV to reflect the daily changes in percentage terms of the SummerHaven
Copper Index Total Return SM  (the  SCI ), less CPER s expenses. USCF does not intend to operate CPER
in a fashion such that its per share NAV will equal, in dollar terms, the spot prices of the commodities underlying the Benchmark
Component Copper Futures Contracts (as defined below) that comprise the SCI or the prices of any particular group of Futures Contracts.
The SCI is designed to reflect the performance of the investment returns form a portfolio of copper futures contracts. The SCI
is owned and maintained by SHIM and calculated and published by the NYSE Arca. The SCI is comprised of either two or three Eligible
Copper Futures Contracts that are selected on a monthly basis based on quantitative formulas relating to the prices of the Eligible
Copper Futures Contracts developed by SHIM. The Eligible Copper Futures Contracts that at any given time make up the SCI are referred
to herein as  Benchmark Component Copper Futures Contracts.  

CPER seeks to achieve its investment objective
by investing to the fullest extent possible in the Benchmark Component Copper Futures Contracts. Then, if constrained by regulatory
requirements or in view of market conditions, CPER will invest next in other Eligible Copper Futures Contracts, and finally to
a lesser extent, in other exchange traded futures contracts that are economically identical or substantially similar to the Benchmark
Component Copper Futures Contracts if one or more other Eligible Copper Futures Contracts is not available. When CPER has invested
to the fullest extent possible in exchange-traded futures contracts, CPER may then invest in other contracts and instruments based
on the Benchmark Component Copper Futures Contracts, other Eligible Copper Futures Contracts or copper, such as cash-settled options,
forward contracts, cleared swap contracts and swap contracts other than cleared swap contracts. Other exchange-traded futures contracts
that are economically identical or substantially similar to the Benchmark Component Copper Futures Contracts and other contracts
and instruments based on the Benchmark Component Copper Futures Contracts, are collectively referred to as  Other Copper-Related
Investments,  and together with Benchmark Component Copper Futures Contracts and other Eligible Copper Futures Contracts,
 Copper Interests.  As of September 30, 2016, CPER held 53 Futures Contracts on the COMEX. 

United States Agriculture Index Fund   

USAG invests in Futures Contracts for commodities
that are traded on the ICE Futures US, the ICE Futures Canada, the CBOT, the CME and the Kansas City Board of Trade ( KCBT )
and to a lesser extent, in order to comply with regulatory requirements or in view of market conditions, Other Agriculture-Related
Investments (as defined below). Market conditions that USCF currently anticipates could cause USAG to invest in Other Agriculture-Related
Investments would be those allowing USAG to obtain greater liquidity or to execute transactions with more favorable pricing. 

The investment objective of USAG is for the
daily changes in percentage terms of its shares  per share NAV to reflect the daily changes in percentage terms of the SummerHaven
Dynamic Agriculture Index Total Return SM  (the  SDAI ), less USAG s expenses. USCF does not intend
to operate USAG in a fashion such that its per share NAV will equal, in dollar terms, the spot prices of the commodities underlying
the Benchmark Component Agriculture Futures Contracts (as defined below) that comprise the SDAI or the prices of any particular
group of Agriculture Futures Contracts. The SDAI is designed to reflect the performance of a diversified group of agricultural
commodities. The SDAI is owned and maintained by SHIM and calculated and published by the NYSE Arca comprised of 14 Eligible Agriculture
Futures Contracts that are selected on a monthly basis based on quantitative formulas developed by SHIM. The Eligible Agriculture
Futures Contracts that at any given time make up the SDAI are referred to herein as  Benchmark Component Agriculture Futures
Contracts.  

USAG seeks to achieve its investment objective
by investing to the fullest extent possible in Benchmark Component Agriculture Futures Contracts. Then, if constrained by regulatory
requirements or in view of market conditions, USAG will invest next in other Eligible Agriculture Futures Contracts based on the
same agricultural commodity as the futures contracts subject to such regulatory constraints or market conditions, and finally,
to a lesser extent, in other exchange traded futures contracts that are economically identical or substantially similar to the
Benchmark Component Agriculture Futures Contracts, if one or more Eligible Agriculture Futures Contracts is not available. When
USAG has invested to the fullest extent possible in exchange-traded futures contracts, USAG may then invest in other contracts
and instruments based on the Benchmark Component Agriculture Futures Contracts, other Eligible Agriculture Futures Contracts or
the agricultural commodities included in the SDAI, such as cash-settled options, forward contracts, cleared swap contracts and
swap contracts other than cleared swap contracts. Other exchange-traded futures contracts that are economically identical or substantially
similar to the Benchmark Component Agriculture Futures Contracts and other contracts and instruments based on the Benchmark Component
Agriculture Futures Contracts, are collectively referred to as  Other Agriculture-Related Investments,  and together
with Benchmark Component Agriculture Futures Contracts and other Eligible Agriculture Futures Contracts,  Agriculture Interests. 
As of September 30, 2016, USAG held 23 Futures Contracts on the ICE Futures, 30 Futures Contracts on the CBOT, 16 Futures Contract
on the CME and 2 Futures Contracts on the KCBT. 

Other Defined Terms  

The SCI, together with the SDCI and the SDAI
are referred to throughout this quarterly report on Form 10-Q collectively as the  Applicable Index  or  Indices.  

Benchmark Component Futures Contracts, Benchmark
Component Copper Futures Contracts and Benchmark Component Agriculture Futures Contracts are referred to throughout this quarterly
report on Form 10-Q collectively as  Applicable Benchmark Component Futures Contracts.  

Other Commodity-Related Investments, Other
Copper-Related Investments and Other Agriculture-Related Investments are collectively referred to herein as  Other Related
Investments.  Commodity Interests, Copper Interests and Agriculture Interests are collectively referred to herein as  Applicable
Interests  throughout this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

Regulatory Disclosure  

Accountability Levels, Position Limits and
Price Fluctuation Limits . Designated contract markets, such as the NYMEX and ICE Futures, have established accountability levels
and position limits on the maximum net long or net short futures contracts in commodity interests that any person or group of persons
under common trading control (other than as a hedge, which is not applicable to the Trust Series  investments) may hold,
own or control. These levels and position limits apply to the futures contracts that the Trust invests in to meet its investment
objective. In addition to accountability levels and position limits, the NYMEX and ICE Futures also set daily price fluctuation
limits on futures contracts. The daily price fluctuation limit established the maximum amount that the price of a futures contract
may vary either up or down from the previous day s settlement price. Once that daily price fluctuation limit has been reached
in a particular futures contract, no trades may be made at a price beyond that limit. 

The accountability levels for the commodities
comprising an Applicable Index and other futures contracts traded on U.S.-based futures exchanges are not a fixed ceiling, but
rather a threshold above which such exchanges may exercise greater scrutiny and control over an investor s positions. As
of September 30, 2016, USCI held 846 Futures Contracts on the NYMEX, 4,348 Futures Contracts on the ICE Futures, 3,911 Futures
Contracts on the CBOT, 4,468 Futures Contracts on the CME, 2,560 Futures Contracts on the LME and 849 Futures Contracts on the
COMEX, totaling 16,982 futures contracts. As of September 30, 2016, CPER held 53 Futures Contracts on the COMEX. As of September
30, 2016, USAG held 23 Futures Contracts on the ICE Futures, 30 Futures Contracts on the CBOT, 16 Futures Contracts on the CME
and 2 Futures Contracts on the KCBT, totaling 71 futures contracts. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, no Trust Series
exceeded accountability levels imposed by the NYMEX, COMEX, CME, CBOT, KCBT, LME or ICE Futures. 

Position limits differ from accountability
levels in that they represent fixed limits on the maximum number of futures contracts that any person may hold and cannot allow
such limits to be exceeded without express CFTC authority to do so. In addition to accountability levels and position limits that
may apply at any time, the Futures Exchanges may impose position limits on contracts held in the last few days of trading in the
near month contract to expire. It is unlikely that a Trust Series will run up against such position limits. A Trust Series does
not typically hold the near month contract in its Applicable Benchmark Component Futures Contracts. In addition, each Trust Series 
investment strategy is to close out its positions during each Rebalancing Period in advance of the period right before expiration
and purchase new contracts. As such, none of the Trust Series anticipates that position limits that apply to the last few days
prior to a contract s expiration will impact it. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, no Trust Series exceeded position
limits imposed by the NYMEX, COMEX, CME, CBOT, KCBT, LME or ICE Futures. 

Regulation of Commodity Interests   

The regulation of commodity interest trading
in the United States and other countries is an evolving area of the law. The various statements made in this summary are subject
to modification by legislative action and changes in the rules and regulations of Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ( FINRA ),
the CFTC, the National Futures Association (the  NFA ), the SEC, the futures exchanges, clearing organizations and
other regulatory bodies. 

Futures Contracts and Position Limits   

The CFTC is generally prohibited by statute
from regulating trading on non-U.S. futures exchanges and markets. The CFTC, however, has adopted regulations relating to the marketing
of non-U.S. futures contracts in the United States. These regulations permit certain contracts on non-U.S. exchanges to be offered
and sold in the United States. 

The CFTC has proposed to adopt limits on speculative
positions in 28 physical commodity futures and option contracts and swaps that are economically equivalent to such contracts in
the agriculture, energy and metals markets and rules addressing the circumstances under which market participants would be required
to aggregate their positions with other persons under common ownership or control (the  Position Limit Rules ). The
Position Limit Rules would, among other things: identify which contracts are subject to speculative position limits; set thresholds
that restrict the number of speculative positions that a person may hold in a spot month, individual month, and all months combined;
create an exemption for positions that constitute bona fide hedging transactions; impose responsibilities on designated contract
markets ( DCMs ) and swap execution facilities ( SEFs ) to establish position limits or, in some cases,
position accountability rules; and apply to both futures and swaps across four relevant venues: OTC, DCMs, SEFs as well as non-U.S.
located platforms. The CFTC s first attempt at finalizing the Position Limit Rules, in 2011, was successfully challenged
by market participants in 2012 and, since then, the CFTC has re-proposed them and solicited comments from market participants multiple
times. 

Until such time as the Position Limit Rules
are adopted, the regulatory architecture in effect prior to the adoption of the Position Limit Rules will govern transactions in
commodities and related derivatives (collectively,  Referenced Contracts ). Under that system, the CFTC enforces federal
limits on speculation in agricultural products (e.g., corn, wheat and soy), while futures exchanges enforce position limits and
accountability levels for agricultural and certain energy products (e.g., oil and natural gas). As a result, a Trust Series may
be limited with respect to the size of its investments in any commodities subject to these limits. Finally, subject to certain
narrow exceptions, the Position Limit Rules require the aggregation, for purposes of the position limits, of all positions in the
28 Referenced Contracts held by a single entity and its affiliates, regardless of whether such position existed on U.S. futures
exchanges, non-U.S. futures exchanges, in cleared swaps or in OTC swaps. Under the CFTC s existing position limits requirements
and the Position Limit Rules, a market participant is generally required to aggregate all positions for which that participant
controls the trading decisions with all positions for which that participant has a 10 percent or greater ownership interest in
an account or position, as well as the positions of two or more persons acting pursuant to an express or implied agreement or understanding.
At this time, it is unclear how the Position Limit Rules may affect a Trust Series, but the effect may be substantial and adverse.
By way of example, the Position Limit Rules may negatively impact the ability of a Trust Series to meet its investment objectives
through limits that may inhibit USCF s ability to sell additional Creation Baskets of a Trust Series. 

Swap  Transactions   

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act (the  Dodd-Frank Act ) imposes regulatory requirements on certain  swap  transactions that
a Trust Series is authorized to engage in that may ultimately impact the ability of a Trust Series to meet its investment objective.
The term  swap  is broadly defined to include various types of OTC derivatives, including swaps and options. 

CFTC regulations require that certain transactions
ultimately falling within the definition of  swap  be executed on organized exchanges or  swap execution facilities 
and cleared through regulated clearing organizations ( CCPs ).  Clearing  refers to the process by which
a trade that is bilaterally executed by two parties is submitted to a CCP, via a clearing member ( i.e. , an FCM), and replaced
by two mirror swaps, with the CCP becoming the counterparty to both of the initial parties to the swap. CCPs have several layers
of protection against default including margin, member capital contributions and FCM guarantees of their customers  transactions
with the CCP. FCMs also pre-qualify the counterparties to all swaps that are sent to the CCP from a credit perspective, setting
limits for each counterparty and collecting initial and variation margin daily from each counterparty for changes in the value
of cleared swaps. The margin collected from both parties to the swap protects against credit risk in the event a counterparty defaults.
The initial and variation margin requirements are set by and held for the benefit of the CCP. Additional initial margin may be
required and held by the FCM. 

Current rules and regulations require enhanced
customer protections, risk management programs, internal monitoring and controls, capital and liquidity standards, customer disclosures
and auditing and examination programs for FCMs. The rules are intended to afford greater assurances to market participants that
customer segregated funds and secured amounts are protected, customers are provided with appropriate notice of the risks of futures
trading and of the FCMs with which they may choose to do business, FCMs are monitoring and managing risks in a robust manner, the
capital and liquidity of FCMs are strengthened to safeguard the continued operations and the auditing and examination programs
of the CFTC and the self-regulatory organizations are monitoring the activities of FCMs in a thorough manner. 

Certain index-based credit default swaps and
interest rate swaps are subject to mandatory clearing. If a Trust Series enters into index-based credit default swaps or interest
rate swaps that are subject to mandatory clearing, the Trust Series will be required to centrally clear those swaps. 

To the extent that a swap is required to be
cleared, it must also be executed on a SEF or DCM if it is designated as  made available to trade  by a SEF or DCM.
 Made available to trade  refers to the regulatory process by which the SEF or DCM execution requirement is implemented
by the CFTC. To date, only certain of the index-based credit default swaps and interest rate swaps that are required to be cleared
are made available to trade on a SEF. If a Trust Series enters into index-based credit default swaps or interest rate swaps that
are subject to mandatory clearing, such Trust Series will be required to execute those swaps on a SEF if they are designated as
made available to trade. In order to execute swaps on a SEF, a Trust Series will have to be a member of a SEF or it may access
the SEF through an intermediary. Members of a SEF are subject to additional requirements under CFTC regulations and are subject
to the rules and jurisdiction of the relevant SEF. 

Swaps that are not required to be cleared and
executed on a SEF but that are executed bilaterally are also subject to various requirements pursuant to CFTC regulations, including,
among others, reporting and recordkeeping requirements and, depending on the status of the counterparties, trading documentation
requirements and dispute resolution requirements. In addition, U.S. regulators have adopted rules to impose initial and variation
margin requirements that will apply to swap dealers and major swap participants and their counterparties. If a Trust Series engages
in non-cleared swap transactions it will be subject to some or all of the requirements of the margin rules, which include a requirement
that swap dealers and major swap participants collect variation margin daily, beginning in March 2017, and potentially initial
margin, beginning in September 2020. 

In addition to the rules and regulations imposed
under the Dodd-Frank Act, swap dealers that are European banks may also be subject to European Market Infrastructure Regulation
( EMIR ). EMIR imposes requirements on non-cleared derivatives that are similar to those imposed by the CFTC and other
regulators in the United States and which are described above. A Trust Series may be indirectly impacted by EMIR to the extent
that it engages in derivatives transactions with entities that are subject to EMIR. Other non-U.S. jurisdictions also impose obligations
with respect to OTC swaps that could impact the Trust Series if any of them were to engage in OTC swaps with non-U.S. persons. 

On August 12, 2013, the CFTC issued final rules
establishing compliance obligations for commodity pool operators ( CPOs ) of investment companies registered under
the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the  Investment Company Act ) that are required to register due to recent changes
to CFTC Regulation 4.5. The final rules were issued in a CFTC release entitled  Harmonization of Compliance Obligations for
Registered Investment Companies Required to Register as Commodity Pool Operators.  Although a Trust Series is not a registered
investment company under the Investment Company Act, the Harmonization Rules amended certain CFTC disclosure rules to make the
requirements for all CPOs to periodically update their disclosure documents consistent with those of the SEC. This change decreased
the burden on a Trust Series and USCF of having to comply with certain inconsistent regulatory requirements. 

Money Market Reform   

The SEC adopted Rule 2a-7 under the Investment
Company Act of 1940 on July 23, 2014, which goes effective on October 14, 2016, to reform money market funds ( MMFs ).
While the new rule applies only to MMFs, it may indirectly affect institutional investors such as those of the Trust. The new rule
requires institutional prime MMFs to price their shares using market-based values instead of the amortized cost method ( i.e., 
to use a  floating net asset value per share  or  floating NAV ). Government and retail funds can continue
to use the amortized cost method to value their portfolio securities. Additionally, liquidity fees and gates allowing an MMF s
board of directors to directly address runs on a fund. MMFs  boards of directors are required to implement rules to discourage
and prevent runs by investors through the use of redemption fees and gates (temporary suspension of redemptions). The fees and
gates could be imposed on a fund whose portfolios fail to meet certain liquidity thresholds although they are optional for government
MMFs. The Trust Series currently invest in government MMFs, as well as Treasuries with a maturity date of two years or less, as
an investment for assets not used for margin or collateral in the Oil Futures Contracts. The Trust Series do not hold any non-government
MMFs and, currently, do not anticipate investing in any non-government MMFs. The new rule further decreases the likelihood that
the Trust Series would invest in any non-governmental MMFs. However, if the Trust Series were to make investments in non-government
MMFs in the future, such investments could negatively impact the Trust Series because of the changes to MMFs resulting from the
new rule. 

Commodity Markets  

Commodity Futures Price Movements  

  Nine months ended September 30, 2016  

As measured by the four major diversified commodity
indexes listed below, commodity futures prices exhibited an upward trend during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The table
below compares the total returns of the SDCI to the three major diversified commodity indexes over this time period. 

SummerHaven Dynamic Commodity Index Total Return SM(1)          
        3.05  %  
 
      S P GSCI Commodity Index Total Return (2)          
        5.30  %  
 
      Bloomberg Commodity Index Total Return SM(2)          
        8.87  %  
 
      Deutsche Bank Liquid Commodity Index-Optimum Yield Total Return TM(2)          
        4.41  %  

(1)   
      The inception date for the SummerHaven Dynamic Commodity Index Total Return  SM  is December 2009.   
 
       (2)   
      Source: Bloomberg   

The value of the SDCI as of December 31, 2015
was 1,265.58. As of September 30, 2016, the value of the SDCI was 1,304.20, up approximately 3.05% over the nine months ended September
30, 2016. 

The return of approximately 3.05% on the SDCI
listed above is a hypothetical return only and could not actually be achieved by an investor holding Futures Contracts due to the
impact of trading costs and other expenses. USCI s per share NAV began the year at $40.52 and ended the period at $41.50
on September 30, 2016, an increase of approximately 2.42% over the period. USCI s per share NAV reached its high for
the period on June 8, 2016 at $43.74 and reached its low for the period on January 20, 2016 at $38.47. See   Tracking Each
Trust Series  Benchmark   below for information about how expenses and income affect USCI s NAV. 

Copper Markets  

Copper Futures Price Movements  

  Nine months ended September 30, 2016  

As measured by the two major copper indexes,
copper futures prices exhibited daily swings with an upward trend during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The table
below compares the total returns of the SCI to the Bloomberg Copper Sub index Total Return over this time period. 

(1)   
      The inception date for the SummerHaven Copper Index Total Return  TM  is November 2010.   
 
       (2)   
      Source: Bloomberg   

The value of the SCI as of December 31, 2015
was 704.39. As of September 30, 2016, the value of the SCI was 722.85, up approximately 2.62% over the nine months ended September
30, 2016. 

The return of approximately 2.62% on the SCI
listed above is a hypothetical return only and could not actually be achieved by an investor holding Futures Contracts due to the
impact of trading costs and other expenses. CPER s per share NAV began the year at $14.24 and ended the period at $14.54
on September 30, 2016, an increase of approximately 2.11% over the period. CPER s per share NAV reached its high for the
period on March 21, 2016 at $15.23 and reached its low for the period on January 15, 2016 at $12.96. See   Tracking the
Each Trust Series  Benchmark    for information about how expenses and income affect CPER s NAV. 

Agriculture Markets  

Agriculture Futures Price Movements  

  Nine months ended September 30, 2016  

As measured by the three major agriculture
indexes listed below, agriculture futures prices exhibited moderate daily swings along with an upward trend during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016. The table below compares the total returns of the SDAI to the two major agriculture indexes over this
time period. 

SummerHaven Dynamic Agriculture Index Total Return SM(1)          
        (3.33  )%  
 
      Bloomberg Agriculture Sub Index Total Return SM(2)          
        4.28  %  
 
      Deutsche Bank Liquid Commodity Index-Optimum Yield Agriculture Return TM(2)          
        (1.95  )%  

(1)   
      The inception date for the SummerHaven Dynamic Agriculture Index Total Return  SM  is September 2010.   
 
       (2)   
      Source: Bloomberg   

The value of the SDAI as of December 31, 2015
was 285.01. As of September 30, 2016, the value of the SDAI was 275.51, down approximately (3.33)% over the nine months ended September
30, 2016. 

The return of approximately (3.33)% on the
SDAI listed above is a hypothetical return only and could not actually be achieved by an investor holding Futures Contracts due
to the impact of trading costs and other expenses. USAG s per share NAV began the year at $19.80 and ended the period at
$19.24 on September 30, 2016, a decrease of approximately (2.83)% over the period. USAG s per share NAV reached its high
for the period on June 8, 2016 at $22.26 and reached its low for the period on February 11, 2016 at $18.88. See   Tracking
Each Trust Series  Benchmark   below for information about how expenses and income affect USAG s per share
NAV. 

Valuation of Futures Contracts and the Computation
of the Per Share NAV  

Each Trust Series  NAV is calculated
once each NYSE Arca trading day. The per share NAV for a particular trading day is released after 4:00 p.m. New York time. Trading
during the core trading session on the NYSE Arca typically closes at 4:00 p.m. New York time. The Trust Series  Administrator
uses the closing prices on the relevant Futures Exchanges of the Applicable Benchmark Component Futures Contracts (determined at
the earlier of the close of such exchange or 2:30 p.m. New York time) for the contracts held on the Futures Exchanges, but
calculates or determines the value of all other investments of such Trust Series using market quotations, if available, or other
information customarily used to determine the fair value of such investments. 

Results of Operations  

On July 30, 2010, USCI received a notice
of effectiveness from the SEC for its registration of 50,000,000 shares on Form S-1 with the SEC. On August 10, 2010, USCI
listed its shares on the NYSE Arca under the ticker symbol  USCI.  USCI established its initial offering per share
NAV by setting the price at $50 and issued 100,000 shares to the initial Authorized Participant, Merrill Lynch Professional Clearing
Corp., in exchange for $5,000,000 in cash on August 10, 2010. USCI commenced investment operations on August 10, 2010
by purchasing Futures Contracts traded on the Futures Exchanges. In order to satisfy NYSE Arca listing standards that at least
100,000 shares be outstanding at the beginning of the trading day on the NYSE Arca, USCF purchased the initial Creation Basket
from the initial Authorized Participant at the initial offering price. The $1,000 fee that would otherwise be charged to the Authorized
Participant in connection with an order to create or redeem was waived in connection with the initial Creation Basket. USCF agreed
not to resell the shares comprising such basket except that it may require the initial Authorized Participant to repurchase all
of these shares at a per share price equal to USCI s per share NAV within five days following written notice from USCF, subject
to the conditions that: (i) on the date of repurchase, the initial Authorized Participant must immediately redeem these shares
in accordance with the terms of the Authorized Participant Agreement and (ii) immediately following such redemption at least
100,000 shares of USCI remain outstanding. USCF held such initial Creation Basket until September 3, 2010, at which time the
initial Authorized Participant repurchased the shares comprising such basket in accordance with the specified conditions noted
above. On September 14, 2011, USCF redeemed the 20 Sponsor Shares of USCI, and on September 19, 2011, USCF purchased
five shares of USCI in the open market. USCF redeemed all Sponsor Shares of USMI on March 18, 2015. On March 18, 2015, at the close
of markets, USMI ceased all trading and all of USMI s assets were liquidated on March 24, 2015.  

Since its initial offering of 50,000,000 shares,
USCI has not registered any subsequent offerings of its shares. As of September 30, 2016, USCI had issued 29,200,000 shares, 16,000,000
of which were outstanding. As of September 30, 2016, there were 20,800,000 remaining shares registered but not yet issued. More
shares may have been issued by USCI than are outstanding due to the redemption of shares. 

In connection with the Second Amended and Restated
Trust Agreement dated November 10, 2010, USMI, USAG and CPER were designated as three additional series of the Trust. Following
the designation of the additional series, an initial capital contribution of $3,000 was transferred from USCF to the Trust. On
November 10, 2010, the Trust transferred $1,000 to each of USMI, USAG and CPER, which was deemed a capital contribution to
each series. On November 14, 2011, USCF received 40 Sponsor Shares of CPER in exchange for the previously received capital
contribution, representing a beneficial interest in CPER. On December 7, 2011, USCF redeemed the 40 Sponsor Shares of CPER
and purchased 40 shares of CPER in the open market. On April 13, 2012, USCF received 40 Sponsor Shares of USAG in exchange
for the previously received capital contribution, representing a beneficial interest in USAG. On June 28, 2012, USCF redeemed
the 40 Sponsor shares of USAG and on October 3, 2012, purchased 5 shares of USAG on the open market. On June 19, 2012, USCF
received 40 Sponsor Shares of USMI in exchange for the previously received capital contribution, representing a beneficial interest
in USMI. On August 27, 2012, USCF redeemed the 40 Sponsor shares of USMI and on September 4, 2013, USCF purchased 5 shares of USMI
on the open market. USCF redeemed all Sponsor Shares of USMI on March 18, 2015. On March 18, 2015, at the close of markets, USMI
ceased all trading and all of USMI s assets were liquidated on March 24, 2015. 

CPER and USAG received notice of effectiveness
from the SEC for its registration of 30,000,000 CPER shares and 20,000,000 USAG shares on September 6, 2011. The order to
permit listing CPER and USAG on the NYSE Arca was received on October 20, 2011. On November 15, 2011, CPER listed its
shares on the NYSE Arca under the ticker symbol  CPER.  CPER established its initial offering per share NAV by setting
the price at $25 and issued 100,000 shares to the initial Authorized Participant, Merrill Lynch Professional Clearing Corp., in
exchange for $2,500,000 in cash on November 15, 2011. The $1,000 fee that would otherwise be charged to the Authorized Participant
in connection with an order to create or redeem was waived in connection with the initial Creation Basket. 

Since its initial offering of 30,000,000 shares,
CPER has not registered any subsequent offerings of its shares. As of September 30, 2016, CPER had issued 400,000 shares, 200,000
of which were outstanding. As of September 30, 2016, there were 29,600,000 remaining shares registered but not yet issued. More
shares may have been issued by CPER than are outstanding due to the redemption of shares. 

On April 13, 2012, USAG listed its shares
on the NYSE Arca under the ticker symbol  USAG.  USAG established its  initial per share NAV by setting the price
at $25.00. On April 14, 2012, USCF purchased 2 initial Creation Baskets of USAG. In accordance with applicable requirements
of Regulation M under the Exchange Act, no Creation Baskets were offered to Authorized Participants nor were the shares listed
on the NYSE Arca until five business days had elapsed from the date of USCF s purchase of the initial Creation Basket on
April 4, 2012. The fee that would have otherwise been charged in connection with an order to create or redeem was waived in
connection with the initial Creation Basket. 

Since its initial offering of 20,000,000 shares,
USAG has not registered any subsequent offerings of its shares. As of September 30, 2016, USAG had issued 200,000 shares, 100,000
of which were outstanding. As of September 30, 2016, there were 19,800,000 remaining shares registered but not yet issued. More
shares may have been issued by USAG than are outstanding due to the redemption of shares. 

Unlike funds that are registered under the
Investment Company Act, shares that have been redeemed by the Trust Series cannot be resold. As a result, each Trust Series contemplates
that additional offerings of its shares will be registered with the SEC in the future in anticipation of additional issuances and
redemptions. 

As of September 30, 2016, USCI, CPER and USAG
had the following Authorized Participants: BNP Paribas Prime Brokerage, Inc., BNP Paribas Securities Corp., Citadel Securities
LLC, Credit Suisse Securities USA LLC, Goldman Sachs   Company, Jefferies   Company Inc., JP Morgan Securities Inc., Merrill
Lynch Professional Clearing Corp., Morgan Stanley   Co. LLC, RBC Capital Markets LLC and Virtu Financial BD LLC. 

For the Nine Months ended September 30,
2016 Compared to the Nine Months ended September 30, 2015  

USCI  

Portfolio Expenses . USCI s expenses
consist of investment management fees, brokerage fees and commissions, certain offering costs, licensing fees, the fees and expenses
of the independent directors of USCF and expenses relating to tax accounting and reporting requirements. The management fee that
USCI pays to USCF is calculated as a percentage of the total net assets of USCI. The fee is accrued daily and paid monthly. 

Average interest rates earned on short-term
investments held by USCI, including cash, cash equivalents and Treasuries, were higher during the nine months ended September 30,
2016, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. As a result, the amount of income earned by USCI as a percentage of
average daily total net assets was higher during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the nine months ended September
30, 2015. 

USCI s total fees and expenses excluding
management fees for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, decreased as
a result of a decrease in certain operating expenses. 

USCI s total commissions accrued to brokers
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, increased primarily due to
an increase in the number of contracts traded during the rebalancing periods. 

CPER  

Portfolio Expenses . CPER s expenses
consist of investment management fees, brokerage fees and commissions, certain offering costs, licensing fees, the fees and expenses
of the independent directors of USCF and expenses relating to tax accounting and reporting requirements. The management fee that
CPER pays to USCF is calculated as a percentage of the total net assets of CPER. The fee is accrued daily and paid monthly. 

Average interest rates earned on short-term
investments held by CPER, including cash, cash equivalents and Treasuries, were higher during the nine months ended September 30,
2016, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The amount of income earned by CPER as a percentage of average daily
total net assets was higher during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

CPER s total fees and expenses excluding
management fees for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, increased as
a result of higher other expenses. 

CPER s total commissions accrued to brokers
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, increased due to the number
of contracts traded during the rebalancing periods. 

USAG  

Portfolio Expenses.  USAG s expenses consist
of investment management fees, brokerage fees and commissions, certain offering costs, licensing fees, the fees and expenses
of the independent directors of USCF and expenses relating to tax accounting and reporting requirements. The management fee that
USAG pays to USCF is calculated as a percentage of the total net assets of USAG. The fee is accrued daily and paid monthly. 

Average interest rates earned on short-term
investments held by USAG, including cash, cash equivalents and Treasuries, were higher during the nine months ended September 30,
2016, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. As a result, the amount of income earned by USAG as a percentage of
average daily total net assets was higher during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the nine months ended September
30, 2015. 

USAG s total fees and expenses excluding
management fees for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, increased as
a result of an increase in certain operating expenses. 

USAG s total commissions accrued to brokers
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, increased slightly due to the
number of contracts traded during the rebalancing periods. 

For the Three Months ended September 30,
2016 Compared to the Three Months ended September 30, 2015  

USCI  

Portfolio Expenses . USCI s expenses
consist of investment management fees, brokerage fees and commissions, certain offering costs, licensing fees, the fees and expenses
of the independent directors of USCF and expenses relating to tax accounting and reporting requirements. The management fee that
USCI pays to USCF is calculated as a percentage of the total net assets of USCI. The fee is accrued daily and paid monthly. 

Average interest rates earned on short-term
investments held by USCI, including cash, cash equivalents and Treasuries, were higher during the three months ended September
30, 2016, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. As a result, the amount of income earned by USCI as a percentage
of average daily total net assets was higher during the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the three months ended
September 30, 2015. 

USCI s total fees and expenses excluding
management fees for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, decreased
as a result of a decrease in certain operating expenses. 

USCI s total commissions accrued to brokers
for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, increased primarily due to
an increase in the number of contracts traded during the rebalancing periods. 

CPER  

Portfolio Expenses . CPER s expenses
consist of investment management fees, brokerage fees and commissions, certain offering costs, licensing fees, the fees and expenses
of the independent directors of USCF and expenses relating to tax accounting and reporting requirements. The management fee that
CPER pays to USCF is calculated as a percentage of the total net assets of CPER. The fee is accrued daily and paid monthly. 

Average interest rates earned on short-term
investments held by CPER, including cash, cash equivalents and Treasuries, were higher during the three months ended September
30, 2016, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. The amount of income earned by CPER as a percentage of average
daily total net assets was higher during the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the three months ended September
30, 2015. 

CPER s total fees and expenses excluding
management fees for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, increased
as a result of higher other expense. 

CPER s total commissions accrued to
brokers for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, increased due to
the number of contracts traded during the rebalancing periods. 

USAG  

Portfolio Expenses.  USAG s expenses consist
of investment management fees, brokerage fees and commissions, certain offering costs, licensing fees, the fees and expenses
of the independent directors of USCF and expenses relating to tax accounting and reporting requirements. The management fee that
USAG pays to USCF is calculated as a percentage of the total net assets of USAG. The fee is accrued daily and paid monthly. 

Average interest rates earned on short-term
investments held by USAG, including cash, cash equivalents and Treasuries, were higher during the three months ended September
30, 2016, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. As a result, the amount of income earned by USAG as a percentage
of average daily total net assets was higher during the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the three months ended
September 30, 2015. 

USAG s total fees and expenses excluding
management fees for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, increased
as a result of an increase in certain operating expenses. 

USAG s total commissions accrued to brokers
for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, increased due to the number
of contracts traded during the rebalancing periods. 

Tracking Each Trust Series  Benchmark  

USCF seeks to manage each Trust Series 
portfolio such that changes in its average daily per share NAV, on a percentage basis, closely track the changes in the average
price of the Applicable Index, also on a percentage basis. Specifically, USCF seeks to manage the portfolio such that over any
rolling period of 30-valuation days, the average daily change in a Trust Series  per share NAV is within a range of 90% to
110% (0.9 to 1.1) of the average daily change in the price of the Applicable Index. As an example, if the average daily movement
of the price of the Applicable Index for a particular 30-valuation day time period was 0.50% per day, USCF would attempt to
manage the portfolio such that the average daily movement of the per share NAV during that same time period fell between 0.45%
and 0.55% ( i.e ., between 0.9 and 1.1 of the Applicable Index s results). Each Trust Series  portfolio management
goals do not include trying to make the nominal price of its per share NAV equal to the nominal price of the Applicable Index,
the nominal price of any particular commodity Futures Contract or the spot price for any particular commodity. USCF believes that
it is not practical to manage the portfolio to achieve such an investment goal when investing in listed Futures Contracts and Other-Related
Investments. 

USCI  

For the 30-valuation days ended September
30, 2016, the simple average daily change in the SDCI was (0.058)%, while the simple average daily change in the per share NAV
of USCI over the same time period was (0.064)% The average daily difference was (0.006)% (or (0.6) basis points, where 1 basis
point equals 1/100 of 1%). As a percentage of the daily movement of the SDCI, the average error in daily tracking by the per share
NAV was (1.44)%, meaning that over this time period USCI s tracking error was within the plus or minus 10% range established
as its benchmark tracking goal. This measurement is based on the relative movement in the benchmark. When the benchmark movement
is small, small differences are magnified. On a daily basis, USCI is tracking very close to its benchmark. 

Since the commencement of the offering of USCI s
shares to the public on August 10, 2010 to September 30, 2016, the simple average daily change in the SDCI was (0.0030)%,
while the simple average daily change in the per share NAV of USCI over the same time period was (0.0090)%. The average daily difference
was (0.006)% (or (0.6) basis points, where 1 basis point equals 1/100 of 1%). As a percentage of the daily movement of the SDCI,
the average error in daily tracking by the per share NAV was (8.97)%, meaning that over this time period USCI s tracking
error was within the plus or minus 10% range established as its benchmark tracking goal. The first chart below shows the daily
movement of USCI s per share NAV versus the daily movement of the SDCI for the 30-valuation day period ended September 30,
2016. The second chart below shows the monthly total returns of USCI as compared to the monthly value of the SDCI for the five
years ended September 30, 2016. 

*PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE
OF FUTURE RESULTS   

*PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE
OF FUTURE RESULTS   

An alternative tracking measurement of the
return performance of USCI versus the return of the SDCI can be calculated by comparing the actual return of USCI, measured by
changes in its NAV, versus the  expected  changes in its NAV under the assumption that USCI s returns had been exactly
the same as the daily changes in the price of the SDCI. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
the actual total return of USCI as measured by changes in its per share NAV was 2.42%. This is based on an initial per share NAV
of $40.52 on December 31, 2015 and an ending per share NAV as of September 30, 2016 of $41.50. During this time period, USCI made
no distributions to its shareholders. However, if USCI s daily changes in its per share NAV had instead exactly tracked
the changes in the daily return of the SDCI, USCI would have had an estimated per share NAV of $41.76 as of September 30, 2016,
for a total return over the relevant time period of 3.06%. The difference between the actual per share NAV total return of
USCI of 2.42% and the expected total return based on the SDCI of 3.06% was an error over the time period of (0.64)%, which is to
say that USCI s actual total return underperformed the SDCI result by that percentage. USCI incurs expenses primarily
composed of the management fee, brokerage commissions for the buying and selling of futures contracts, and other expenses. The
impact of these expenses tends to cause daily changes in the per share NAV of USCI to track slightly lower than daily changes in
the price of the SDCI. 

By comparison, for the nine months ended September
30, 2015, the actual total return of USCI as measured by changes in its per share NAV was (13.16)%. This was based on an initial
per share NAV of $48.24 on December 31, 2014 and an ending per share NAV as of September 30, 2015 of $41.89. During this time period,
USCI made no distributions to its shareholders. However, if USCI s daily changes in its per share NAV had instead exactly
tracked the changes in the daily return of the SDCI, USCI would have had an estimated per share NAV of $42.45 as of September 30,
2015, for a total return over the relevant time period of (12.00)%. The difference between the actual per share NAV total
return of USCI of (13.16)% and the expected total return based on the SDCI of (12.00)% was an error over the time period of (1.16)%,
which is to say that USCI s actual total return underperformed the SDCI result by that percentage. USCI incurred expenses
primarily composed of the management fee, brokerage commissions for the buying and selling of futures contracts, and other expenses.
The impact of these expenses tended to cause daily changes in the per share NAV of USCI to track slightly lower than daily changes
in the price of the SDCI. 

CPER  

For the 30-valuation days ended September 30,
2016, the simple average daily change in the SCI was 0.052%, while the simple average daily change in the per share NAV of CPER
over the same time period was 0.050%. The average daily difference was (0.002)% (or (0.2) basis points, where 1 basis point equals
1/100 of 1%). As a percentage of the daily movement of the SCI, the average error in daily tracking by the per share NAV was (9.52)%,
meaning that over this time period CPER s tracking error was within the plus or minus 10% range established as its benchmark
tracking goal. 

Since the commencement of the offering of CPER s
shares to the public on November 15, 2011 to September 30, 2016, the simple average daily change in the SCI was (0.032)%,
while the simple average daily change in the per share NAV of CPER over the same time period was (0.0360)%. The average daily difference
was (0.004)% (or (0.4) basis points, where 1 basis point equals 1/100 of 1%). As a percentage of the daily movement of the SCI,
the average error in daily tracking by the per share NAV was (4.20)%, meaning that over this time period CPER s tracking
error was within the plus or minus 10% range established as its benchmark tracking goal. The first chart below shows the daily
movement of CPER s per share NAV versus the daily movement of the SCI for the 30-valuation day period September 30, 2016.
The second chart below shows the monthly total returns of CPER as compared to the monthly value of the SCI for the four years ended
September 30, 2016. 

*PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE
OF FUTURE RESULTS   

*PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE
OF FUTURE RESULTS   

An alternative tracking measurement of the
return performance of CPER versus the return of the SCI can be calculated by comparing the actual return of CPER, measured by changes
in its per share NAV, versus the  expected  changes in its per share NAV under the assumption that CPER s returns had
been exactly the same as the daily changes in the price of the SCI. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
the actual total return of CPER as measured by changes in its per share NAV was 2.11%. This is based on an initial per share NAV
of $14.24 as of December 31, 2015 and an ending per share NAV as of September 30, 2016 of $14.54. During this time period, CPER
made no distributions to its shareholders. However, if CPER s daily changes in its per share NAV had instead exactly tracked
the changes in the daily total return of the SCI, CPER would have had an estimated per share NAV of $14.61 as of September 30,
2016, for a total return over the relevant time period of 2.60%. The difference between the actual per share NAV total return of
CPER of 2.11% and the expected total return based on the SCI of 2.60% was an error over the time period of (0.49)%, which is to
say that CPER s actual total return underperformed the SCI result by that percentage. CPER incurs expenses primarily composed
of the management fee, brokerage commissions for the buying and selling of futures contracts, and other expenses. The impact of
these expenses tends to cause daily changes in the per share NAV of CPER to track slightly lower than daily changes in the price
of the SCI. 

By comparison, for nine months ended September
30, 2015, the actual total return of CPER as measured by changes in its per share NAV was (17.85)%. This was based on an initial
per share NAV of $19.10 as of December 31, 2014 and an ending per share NAV as of September 30, 2015 of $15.69. During this time
period, CPER made no distributions to its shareholders. However, if CPER s daily changes in its per share NAV had instead
exactly tracked the changes in the daily total return of the SCI, CPER would have had an estimated per share NAV of $15.73 as of
September 30, 2015, for a total return over the relevant time period of (17.64)%. The difference between the actual per share NAV
total return of CPER of (17.85)% and the expected total return based on the SCI of (17.64)% was an error over the time period of
(0.21)%, which is to say that CPER s actual total return underperformed the SCI result by that percentage. CPER incurred
expenses primarily composed of the management fee, brokerage commissions for the buying and selling of futures contracts, and other
expenses. The impact of these expenses tended to cause daily changes in the per share NAV of CPER to track slightly lower than
daily changes in the price of the SCI. 

USAG  

For the 30-valuation days ended September 30,
2016, the simple average daily change in the SDAI was (0.134)%, while the simple average daily change in the per share NAV of USAG
over the same time period was (0.137)%. The average daily difference was (0.003)% (or (0.3) basis points, where 1 basis point equals
1/100 of 1%). As a percentage of the daily movement of the SDAI, the average error in daily tracking by the per share NAV was (1.99)%,
meaning that over this time period USAG s tracking error was within the plus or minus 10% range established as its benchmark
tracking goal. This measurement is based on the relative movement in the benchmark. When the benchmark movement is small, small
differences are magnified. On a daily basis, USAG is tracking very close to its benchmark. 

Since the commencement of the offering of USAG s
shares to the public on April 13, 2012 to September 30, 2016, the simple average daily change in the SDAI was (0.018)%, while
the simple average daily change in the per share NAV of USAG over the same time period was (0.020)%. The average daily difference
was (0.002)% (or (0.2) basis points, where 1 basis point equals 1/100 of 1%). As a percentage of the daily movement of the SDAI,
the average error in daily tracking by the per share NAV was 7.31%, meaning that over this time period USAG s tracking error
was within the plus or minus 10% range established as its benchmark tracking goal. The first chart below shows the daily movement
of USAG s per share NAV versus the daily movement of the SDAI for the 30-valuation day period ended September 30, 2016. The
second chart below shows the monthly total returns of USAG as compared to the monthly value of the SDAI for the three years ended
September 30, 2016. 

*PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE
OF FUTURE RESULTS   

*PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE
OF FUTURE RESULTS   

An alternative tracking measurement of the
return performance of USAG versus the return of the SDAI can be calculated by comparing the actual return of USAG, measured by
changes in its per share NAV, versus the  expected  changes in its per share NAV under the assumption that USAG s returns
had been exactly the same as the daily changes in the price of the SDAI. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
the actual total return of USAG as measured by changes in its per share NAV was (2.83)%. This is based on an initial per share
NAV of $19.80 as of December 31, 2015 and an ending per share NAV as of September 30, 2016, of $19.24. During this time period,
USAG made no distributions to its shareholders. However, if USAG s daily changes in its per share NAV had instead exactly
tracked the changes in the daily total return of the SDAI, USAG would have had an estimated per share NAV of $19.14 as of September
30, 2016, for a total return over the relevant time period of (3.36)%. The difference between the actual per share NAV total return
of USAG of (2.83)% and the expected total return based on the SDAI of (3.36)% was an error over the time period of 0.53%, which
is to say that USAG s actual total return outperformed the SDAI result by that percentage. USAG incurs expenses primarily
composed of the management fee, brokerage commissions for the buying and selling of futures contracts, and other expenses. The
impact of these expenses usually cause daily changes in the per share NAV of USAG to track slightly lower than daily changes in
the price of the SDAI. In this case the NAV for USAG outperformed its benchmark. 

By comparison, for the nine months ended September
30, 2015, the actual total return of USAG as measured by changes in its per share NAV was (11.84)%. This was based on an initial
per share NAV of $22.97 as of December 31, 2014 and an ending per share NAV as of September 30, 2015 of $20.25. During this time
period, USAG made no distributions to its shareholders. However, if USAG s daily changes in its per share NAV had instead
exactly tracked the changes in the daily total return of the SDAI, USAG would have had an estimated per share NAV of $20.17 as
of September 30, 2015, for a total return over the relevant time period of (12.19)%. The difference between the actual per share
NAV total return of USAG of (11.84)% and the expected total return based on the SDAI of (12.19)% was an error over the time period
of 0.35%, which is to say that USAG s actual total return outperformed the SDAI result by that percentage. USAG incurred
expenses primarily composed of the management fee, brokerage commissions for the buying and selling of futures contracts, and other
expenses. The impact of these expenses usually caused daily changes in the per share NAV of USAG to track slightly lower than daily
changes in the price of the SDAI. In this case the NAV for USAG outperformed its benchmark. 

Factors That Can Impact Ability to Track
the Applicable Index  

There are currently five factors that have
impacted or are most likely to impact a Trust Series  ability to accurately track its Applicable Index. 

First, a Trust Series may buy or sell its holdings
in the then current Applicable Benchmark Component Futures Contracts at a price other than the closing settlement price of that
contract on the day during which such Trust Series executes the trade. In that case, a Trust Series may pay a price that is higher,
or lower, than that of the Applicable Benchmark Component Futures Contracts, which could cause the changes in the daily per share
NAV of a Trust Series to either be too high or too low relative to the daily changes in the price of the Applicable Index. During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, USCF attempted to minimize the effect of these transactions by seeking to execute its
purchase or sale of the Applicable Index at, or as close as possible to, the end of the day settlement price. However, it may not
always be possible for a Trust Series to obtain the closing settlement price and there is no assurance that failure to obtain the
closing settlement price in the future will not adversely impact a Trust Series  attempt to track the Applicable Index over
time. 

Second, each Trust Series incurs expenses primarily
composed of the management fees, brokerage commissions for the buying and selling of futures contracts, and other expenses. The
impact of these expenses tends to cause daily changes in the per share NAV of such Trust Series to track slightly lower than daily
changes in the price of the Applicable Index. At the same time, each Trust Series earns interest income on its cash, cash equivalents
and Treasuries. A Trust Series is not required to distribute any portion of its income to its shareholders and none of the Trust
Series made any distributions to shareholders during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Interest payments, and any other
income, were retained within the portfolio and added to each Trust Series  NAV. At the same time, each Trust Series incurred
expenses for its management fee, brokerage commissions and other expenses (including ongoing registration fees). The calculation
of each Applicable Index includes an interest portion, calculated daily using the 90-Day U.S. Treasury Bill s total return,
but does not include an expense component. When a Trust Series  income exceeds the sum of its expenses by the yield on the
90-Day U.S. Treasury Bill, such Trust Series realizes a net yield that tends to cause daily changes in the per share NAV of such
Trust Series to track slightly higher than daily changes in the price of the Applicable Index. If this net yield is lower than
the yield on the 90-Day U.S. Treasury Bill, that tends to cause daily changes in the per share NAV of such Trust Series to track
slightly lower than daily changes in the price of the Applicable Index. If short-term interest rates rise above the current levels,
the level of deviation created by the yield would decrease. Conversely, if short-term interest rates were to decline, the amount
of error created by the yield would increase. When short-term yields drop to a level lower than the combined expenses of the management
fee and the brokerage commissions, then the tracking error becomes a negative number and would tend to cause the daily returns
of the per share NAV to underperform the daily returns of the Applicable Index. USCF anticipates that interest rates will continue
to remain at historical lows and, therefore, it is anticipated that fees and expenses paid by each Trust Series will continue to
be higher than interest earned by each Trust Series. As such, USCF anticipates that each Trust Series will continue to underperform
tracking the Applicable Index until such a time when interest earns at least equals or exceeds the fees and expenses paid by each
Trust Series. 

Third, a Trust Series may hold Futures Contracts
in a particular commodity other than the one specified as the Applicable Benchmark Component Futures Contract, or may hold Other
Related Investments in its portfolio that may fail to closely track the Applicable Index  total return movements. Taking
USCI as an example, assume for a given month one of the Applicable Benchmark Component Futures Contracts is the NYMEX WTI physically
settled Futures Contract, trading under the symbol  CL,  for the contract month of November 2016. It is possible that
USCI could hold a NYMEX WTI financially settled Futures Contract, trading under the symbol  WS,  for the contract month
of November 2016. Alternatively, and using the same example, USCI could hold the ICE WTI financially settled Futures Contract,
also for the contract month of November 2016. As a third example, USCI could hold the NYMEX WTI physically settled Futures Contract,
trading under the symbol  CL,  but for a contract month other than November 2016. 

Fourth, a Trust Series could hold Other Related
Investments. In any of these cases, the error in tracking the Applicable Index could result in daily changes in the per share NAV
of a Trust Series that are either too high, or too low, relative to the daily changes in the price of the Applicable Index. During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, none of the Trust Series held any Other Related Investments, but did, at times, hold
Futures Contracts that were in months other than the months specified as the Applicable Benchmark Component Futures Contract. If
any Trust Series increases in size, and due to its obligations to comply with regulatory limits or due to other market pricing
or liquidity factors, such Trust Series may invest in Futures Contract months other than the designated month specified as the
Applicable Benchmark Component Futures Contract, or in Other Related Investments, which may have the effect of increasing transaction
related expenses and may result in increased tracking error. 

Finally, a Trust Series could hold the same
Futures contracts as its benchmark but at a different weight. This is due to the fact that the benchmark can theoretically own
a fractional percentage of a Futures contract but a Trust Series must own a full contract. For a Trust Series with smaller asset
base, this percentage difference can have a material impact. 

The SDCI  

The SDCI was developed based upon academic
research by Yale University professors Gary B. Gorton and K. Geert Rouwenhorst, and Hitotsubashi University professor Fumio Hayashi.
The SDCI is designed to reflect the performance of a fully margined or collateralized portfolio of 14 Eligible Commodity Futures
Contracts with equal weights, selected each month from a universe of the 27 Eligible Commodity Futures Contracts. The SDCI is rules-based
and rebalanced monthly based on observable price signals. In this context, the term  rules-based  is meant to indicate
that the composition of the SDCI in any given month will be determined by quantitative formulas relating to the prices of the futures
contracts that relate to the commodities that are eligible to be included in the SDCI. Such formulas are not subject to adjustment
based on other factors. The overall return on the SDCI is generated by two components: (i) uncollateralized returns from the
Applicable Benchmark Component Futures Contracts comprising the SDCI and (ii) a daily fixed income return reflecting the interest
earned on a hypothetical 3-month U.S. Treasury Bill collateral portfolio, calculated using the weekly auction rate for the 3-Month
U.S. Treasury Bills published by the U.S Department of the Treasury. SHIM is the owner of the SDCI. 

The SDCI is composed of physical non-financial
commodity futures contracts with active and liquid markets traded upon futures exchanges in major industrialized countries. The
futures contracts are denominated in U.S. dollars and weighted equally by notional amount. The SDCI currently reflects commodities
in six commodity sectors: energy ( e.g ., crude oil, natural gas, diesel-heating oil, etc.), precious metals ( e.g. ,
gold, silver platinum), industrial metals ( e.g. , zinc, nickel, aluminum, copper, etc.), grains ( e.g. , wheat, corn,
soybeans, etc.), softs ( e.g ., sugar, cotton, coffee, cocoa), and livestock ( e.g ., live cattle, lean hogs, feeder
cattle). 

Table 1 below lists the eligible commodities, the relevant Futures
Exchanges on which the Eligible Commodity Futures Contracts are listed and quotation details. Table 2 lists the Eligible Commodity
Futures Contracts, their sector designation and maximum allowable tenor. 

Table 1  

Commodity   
       
       Designated Contract   
       
       Exchange   
       
       Units   
       
       Quote    

Aluminum  
       
      High Grade Primary Aluminum  
       
      LME  
       
      25 metric tons  
       
      USD/metric ton   
 
      Cocoa  
       
      Cocoa  
       
      ICE-US  
       
      10 metric tons  
       
      USD/metric ton   
 
      Coffee  
       
      Coffee  C   
       
      ICE-US  
       
      37,500 lbs  
       
      U.S. cents/pound   
 
      Copper  
       
      Copper  
       
      COMEX  
       
      25,000 lbs  
       
      U.S. cents/pound   
 
      Corn  
       
      Corn  
       
      CBOT  
       
      5,000 bushels  
       
      U.S. cents/bushel   
 
      Cotton  
       
      Cotton  
       
      ICE-US  
       
      50,000 lbs  
       
      U.S. cents/pound   
 
      Crude Oil (WTI)  
       
      Light, Sweet Crude Oil  
       
      NYMEX  
       
      1,000 barrels  
       
      USD/barrel   
 
      Crude Oil (Brent)  
       
      Crude Oil  
       
      ICE-UK  
       
      1,000 barrels  
       
      USD/barrel   
 
      Gas Oil  
       
      Gas Oil  
       
      ICE-UK  
       
      100 metric tons  
       
      USD/metric ton   
 
      Gold  
       
      Gold  
       
      COMEX  
       
      100 troy oz.  
       
      USD/troy oz.   
 
      Heating Oil  
       
      Heating Oil  
       
      NYMEX  
       
      42,000 gallons  
       
      U.S. cents/gallon   
 
      Lead  
       
      Lead  
       
      LME  
       
      25 metric tons  
       
      USD/metric ton   
 
      Lean Hogs  
       
      Lean Hogs  
       
      CME  
       
      40,000 lbs.  
       
      U.S. cents/pound   
 
      Live Cattle  
       
      Live Cattle  
       
      CME  
       
      40,000 lbs.  
       
      U.S. cents/pound   
 
      Feeder Cattle  
       
      Feeder Cattle  
       
      CME  
       
      50,000 lbs.  
       
      U.S. cents/pound   
 
      Natural Gas  
       
      Henry Hub Natural Gas  
       
      NYMEX  
       
      10,000 mmbtu  
       
      USD/mmbtu   
 
      Nickel  
       
      Primary Nickel  
       
      LME  
       
      6 metric tons  
       
      USD/metric ton   
 
      Platinum  
       
      Platinum  
       
      NYMEX  
       
      50 troy oz.  
       
      USD/troy oz.   
 
      Silver  
       
      Silver  
       
      COMEX  
       
      5,000 troy oz.  
       
      U.S. cents/troy oz.   
 
      Soybeans  
       
      Soybeans  
       
      CBOT  
       
      5,000 bushels  
       
      U.S. cents/bushel   
 
      Soybean Meal  
       
      Soybean Meal  
       
      CBOT  
       
      100 tons  
       
      USD/ton   
 
      Soybean Oil  
       
      Soybean Oil  
       
      CBOT  
       
      60,000 lbs.  
       
      U.S. cents/pound   
 
      Sugar  
       
      World Sugar No. 11  
       
      ICE-US  
       
      112,000 lbs.  
       
      U.S. cents/pound   
 
      Tin  
       
      Tin  
       
      LME  
       
      5 metric tons  
       
      USD/metric ton   
 
      Unleaded Gasoline  
       
      Reformulated Blendstock for Oxygen Blending  
       
      NYMEX  
       
      42,000 gallons  
       
      U.S. cents/gallon   
 
      Wheat  
       
      Wheat  
       
      CBOT  
       
      5,000 bushels  
       
      U.S. cents/bushel   
 
      Zinc  
       
      Special High Grade Zinc  
       
      LME  
       
      25 metric tons  
       
      USD/metric ton   

Table 2  

Commodity   
  Symbol   
       
       Commodity Name   
       
       Sector   
       
       Allowed Contracts   
       
       Max.   Tenor    

CO  
       
      Brent Crude  
       
      Energy  
       
      All 12 Calendar Months  
       
      12   
 
      CL  
       
      Crude Oil  
       
      Energy  
       
      All 12 Calendar Months  
       
      12   
 
      QS  
       
      Gas Oil  
       
      Energy  
       
      All 12 Calendar Months  
       
      12   
 
      HO  
       
      Diesel-Heating Oil  
       
      Energy  
       
      All 12 Calendar Months  
       
      12   
 
      NG  
       
      Natural Gas  
       
      Energy  
       
      All 12 Calendar Months  
       
      12   
 
      XB  
       
      RBOB  
       
      Energy  
       
      All 12 Calendar Months  
       
      12   
 
      FC  
       
      Feeder Cattle  
       
      Livestock  
       
      Jan, Mar, Apr, May, Aug, Sep, Oct, Nov  
       
      5   
 
      LH  
       
      Lean Hogs  
       
      Livestock  
       
      Feb, Apr, Jun, Jul, Aug, Oct, Dec  
       
      5   
 
      LC  
       
      Live Cattle  
       
      Livestock  
       
      Feb, Apr, Jun, Aug, Oct, Dec  
       
      5   
 
      BO  
       
      Soybean Oil  
       
      Grains  
       
      Jan, Mar, May, Jul, Aug, Sep, Oct, Dec  
       
      7   
 
      C  
       
      Corn  
       
      Grains  
       
      Mar, May, Jul, Sep, Dec  
       
      12   
 
      S  
       
      Soybeans  
       
      Grains  
       
      Jan, Mar, May, Jul, Aug, Sep, Nov  
       
      12   
 
      SM  
       
      Soymeal  
       
      Grains  
       
      Jan, Mar, May, Jul, Aug, Sep, Oct, Dec  
       
      7   
 
      W  
       
      Wheat (Soft Red Winter)  
       
      Grains  
       
      Mar, May, Jul, Sep, Dec  
       
      7   
 
      LA  
       
      Aluminum  
       
      Industrial Metals  
       
      All 12 Calendar months  
       
      12   
 
      HG  
       
      Copper  
       
      Industrial Metals  
       
      All 12 Calendar Months  
       
      12   
 
      LL  
       
      Lead  
       
      Industrial Metals  
       
      All 12 Calendar Months  
       
      7   
 
      LN  
       
      Nickel  
       
      Industrial Metals  
       
      All 12 Calendar Months  
       
      7   
 
      LT  
       
      Tin  
       
      Industrial Metals  
       
      All 12 Calendar Months  
       
      7   
 
      LX  
       
      Zinc  
       
      Industrial Metals  
       
      All 12 Calendar Months  
       
      7   
 
      GC  
       
      Gold  
       
      Precious Metals  
       
      Feb, Apr, Jun, Aug, Oct, Dec  
       
      12   
 
      PL  
       
      Platinum  
       
      Precious Metals  
       
      Jan, Apr, Jul, Oct  
       
      5   
 
      SI  
       
      Silver  
       
      Precious Metals  
       
      Mar, May, Jul, Sep, Dec  
       
      5   
 
      CC  
       
      Cocoa  
       
      Softs  
       
      Mar, May, Jul, Sep, Dec  
       
      7   
 
      KC  
       
      Coffee  
       
      Softs  
       
      Mar, May, Jul, Sep, Dec  
       
      7   
 
      CT  
       
      Cotton  
       
      Softs  
       
      Mar, May, Jul, Dec  
       
      7   
 
      SB  
       
      Sugar  
       
      Softs  
       
      Mar, May, Jul, Oct  
       
      7   

Prior to the end of each month, SHIM determines
the composition of the SDCI and provides such information to Bloomberg, L.P. ( Bloomberg ). Values of the SDCI are
computed by Bloomberg and disseminated approximately every fifteen (15) seconds from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., New York City
time, which also publishes a daily SDCI value at approximately 5:30 p.m., New York City time, under the index ticker symbol  SDCITR:IND. 
Only settlement and last-sale prices are used in the SDCI s calculation, bids and offers are not recognized   including
limit-bid and limit-offer price quotes. Where no last-sale price exists, typically in the more deferred contract months, the previous
days  settlement price is used. This means that the underlying SDCI may lag its theoretical value. This tendency to lag is
evident at the end of the day when the SDCI value is based on the settlement prices of the Applicable Benchmark Component Futures
Contracts, and explains why the underlying SDCI often closes at or near the high or low for the day. 

Composition of the SDCI   

The composition of the SDCI on any given day,
as determined and published by SHIM, is determinative of the benchmark for USCI. However, it is not possible to anticipate all
possible circumstances and events that may occur with respect to the SDCI and the methodology for its composition, weighting and
calculation. Accordingly, a number of subjective judgments must be made in connection with the operation of the SDCI that cannot
be adequately reflected in this description of the SDCI. All questions of interpretation with respect to the application of the
provisions of the SDCI methodology, including any determinations that need to be made in the event of a market emergency or other
extraordinary circumstances, will be resolved by SHIM. 

Contract Expirations   

Because the SDCI is comprised of actively traded
contracts with scheduled expirations, it can be calculated only by reference to the prices of contracts for specified expiration,
delivery or settlement periods, referred to as contract expirations. The contract expirations included in the SDCI for each commodity
during a given year are designated by SHIM, provided that each contract must be an active contract. An active contract for this
purpose is a liquid, actively-traded contract expiration, as defined or identified by the relevant trading facility or, if no such
definition or identification is provided by the relevant trading facility, as defined by standard custom and practice in the industry. 

If a Futures Exchange ceases trading in all
contract expirations relating to a particular Futures Contract, SHIM may designate a replacement contract on the commodity. The
replacement contract must satisfy the eligibility criteria for inclusion in the SDCI. To the extent practicable, the replacement
will be effected during the next monthly review of the composition of the SDCI. If that timing is not practicable, SHIM will determine
the date of the replacement based on a number of factors, including the differences between the existing Futures Contract and the
replacement Futures Contract with respect to contractual specifications and contract expirations. 

If a contract is eliminated and there is no
replacement contract, the underlying commodity will necessarily be dropped from the SDCI. The designation of a replacement contract,
or the elimination of a commodity from the SDCI because of the absence of a replacement contract, could affect the value of the
SDCI, either positively or negatively, depending on the price of the contract that is eliminated and the prices of the remaining
contracts. It is impossible, however, to predict the effect of these changes, if they occur, on the value of the SDCI. 

Commodity Selection   

Fourteen of the 27 Futures Contracts are selected
for inclusion in the SDCI for the next month, subject to the constraint that each of the six commodity sectors is represented by
at least one commodity. The methodology used to select the 14 Futures Contracts is based solely on quantitative data using observable
futures prices and is not subject to human bias. 

Monthly commodity selection is a two-step process
based upon examination of the relevant futures prices for each commodity: 

1)  
      The annualized percentage price difference between the closest-to-expiration Futures Contract and the next closest-to-expiration Futures Contract is calculated for each of the 27 eligible Futures Contracts on the Selection Date. The seven commodities with the highest percentage price difference are selected.   

2)  
      For the remaining 20 eligible commodities, the percentage price change of each commodity over the previous year is calculated, as measured by the change in the price of the closest-to-expiration Futures Contract on the Selection Date from the price of the closest-to-expiration Futures Contract a year prior to the Selection Date. The seven commodities with the highest percentage price change are selected.   

When evaluating the data from the second step,
all six commodity sectors must be represented. If the selection of the seven additional commodities with the highest price change
fails to meet the overall diversification requirement that all six commodity sectors are represented in the SDCI, the commodity
with the highest price change among the commodities of the omitted sector(s) would be substituted for the commodity with the lowest
price change among the seven additional commodities. 

The 14 commodities selected are included in
the SDCI for the next month on an equally-weighted basis. Due to the dynamic monthly commodity selection, the sector weights will
vary from approximately 7% to 43% over time, depending on the price observations each month. The Selection Date for the SDCI is
the fifth business day prior to the first business day of the next calendar month. 

The following graph shows the sector weights of the commodities
selected for inclusion in the SDCI as of September 30, 2016. 

Contract Selection   

For each commodity selected for inclusion into
the SDCI for a particular month, the SDCI selects a specific Benchmark Component Futures Contract with a tenor ( i.e. , contract
month) among the eligible tenors (the range of contract months) based upon the relative prices of the Applicable Benchmark Component
Futures Contracts within the eligible range of contract months. The previous notwithstanding, the contract expiration is not changed
for such month if a contract remains in the SDCI, as long as the contract does not expire or enter its notice period in the subsequent
month. 

Portfolio Construction   

The portfolio rebalancing takes place during
the last four business days of the month (the  Rebalancing Period ). At the end of each of the days in the Rebalancing
Period, one fourth of the prior month portfolio positions are replaced by an equally-weighted position in the commodity contracts
determined on the Selection Date. At the end of the Rebalancing Period, the SDCI takes an equal-weight position of approximately
7.14% in each of the selected commodity contracts. 

SDCI Total Return Calculation   

The value of the SDCI on any business day is
equal to the product of (i) the value of the SDCI on the immediately preceding business day multiplied by (ii) one plus
the sum of the day s returns for another version of the SDCI known as the SummerHaven Dynamic Commodity Index Excess Return
( SDCI ER ) (explained below) and one business day s interest from hypothetical Treasuries. The value of the
SDCI is calculated and published by Bloomberg. 

SDCI Base Level   

The SDCI was set to 100 on January 2,
1991. 

SDCI ER Calculation   

The total return of the SDCI ER reflects the
percentage change of the market values of the underlying commodity futures. During the Rebalancing Period, the SDCI changes its
contract holdings during a four day period. The value of the SDCI ER at the end of a business day    t    is equal
to the SDCI ER value on day    t  -1  multiplied by the sum of the daily percentage price changes of each commodity
future factoring in each respective commodity future s notional holding on day    t  -1 . 

Rebalancing Period   

 During the Rebalancing Period, existing positions
are replaced by new positions based on the signals used for contract selection as outlined above. At the end of the first day of
the Rebalancing Period, the signals are observed and on the second day a new portfolio is constructed that is equally weighted
in terms of notional positions in the newly selected contracts. 

Hypothetical Performance of Each Applicable
Index  

SDCI   

The table and chart below show the hypothetical
performance of the SDCI from January 1, 2006 through September 30, 2016. 

HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS HAVE MANY
INHERENT LIMITATIONS, SOME OF WHICH ARE DESCRIBED BELOW. NO REPRESENTATION IS BEING MADE THAT USCI WILL OR IS LIKELY TO ACHIEVE
PROFITS OR LOSSES SIMILAR TO THOSE SHOWN. IN FACT, THERE ARE FREQUENTLY SHARP DIFFERENCES BETWEEN HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS
AND THE ACTUAL RESULTS ACHIEVED BY ANY PARTICULAR TRADING PROGRAM.  

ONE OF THE LIMITATIONS OF HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE
RESULTS IS THAT THEY ARE GENERALLY PREPARED WITH THE BENEFIT OF HINDSIGHT. IN ADDITION, HYPOTHETICAL TRADING DOES NOT INVOLVE FINANCIAL
RISK, AND NO HYPOTHETICAL TRADING RECORD CAN COMPLETELY ACCOUNT FOR THE IMPACT OF FINANCIAL RISK IN ACTUAL TRADING.   FOR
EXAMPLE, THE ABILITY TO WITHSTAND LOSSES OR TO ADHERE TO A PARTICULAR TRADING PROGRAM IN SPITE OF TRADING LOSSES ARE MATERIAL POINTS
WHICH CAN ALSO ADVERSELY AFFECT ACTUAL TRADING RESULTS. THERE ARE NUMEROUS OTHER FACTORS RELATED TO THE MARKETS IN GENERAL OR TO
THE IMPLEMENTATION OF ANY SPECIFIC TRADING PROGRAM WHICH CANNOT BE FULLY ACCOUNTED FOR IN THE PREPARATION OF HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE
RESULTS AND ALL OF WHICH CAN ADVERSELY AFFECT ACTUAL TRADING RESULTS.  

USCF HAS HAD LITTLE OR NO EXPERIENCE IN
TRADING ACTUAL ACCOUNTS FOR CUSTOMERS. BECAUSE THERE ARE NO ACTUAL TRADING RESULTS TO COMPARE TO THE HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS,
CUSTOMERS SHOULD BE PARTICULARLY WARY OF PLACING UNDUE RELIANCE ON THESE HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS.  

Since the SDCI was launched on December 18,
2009, there is only actual performance history of the SDCI from that date to the present. This data is available for periods prior
to December 18, 2009. However, the components of the SDCI and the weighting of the components of the SDCI are established
each month based on purely quantitative data that is not subject to revision based on other external factors. As a result, the
table below reflects how the SDCI would have performed from January 1, 2006 through September 30, 2016 had it been in effect during
such time period. The performance data does not reflect any reinvestment or distribution of profits, commission charges, management
fees or other expenses that would have been incurred in connection with operating and managing a commodity pool designed to track
the SDCI. Such fees and expenses would reduce the performance returns shown in the table below. 

Hypothetical Performance Results* for the
period  

  from January 1, 2006 through September 30,
2016  

* The  base level  for the SDCI
was set at 100 on January 2, 1991. The  Ending Level  represents the value of the components of the SDCI on the
last trading day of each year and is used to illustrate the cumulative performance of the SDCI. 

PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE
OF FUTURE RESULTS  

SummerHaven Dynamic Commodity Index  SM 
( SDCI ) Year-Over-Year  

  Hypothetical Total Returns (1/1/2006-9/30/2016
YTD)  

PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE
OF FUTURE RESULTS  

The following table and chart compare the
hypothetical total return of the SDCI in comparison with the actual total return of three major indexes for the period from December 31,
1997 to September 30, 2016. 

Source: SHIM, Bloomberg 

PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE
OF FUTURE RESULTS  

The table immediately above shows the
performance of the SDCI from December 31, 1997 through September 30, 2016 in comparison with three traditional
commodities indices: the S P GSCI Commodity Index (GSCI   ) Total Return, Bloomberg Commodity Index Total
Return SM  and the Deutsche Bank Liquid Commodity Index-Optimum Yield Total Return TM . The S P
GSCI    Commodity Index Total Return is a composite index of commodity sector returns representing an
unleveraged, long-only investment in commodity futures that is broadly diversified across the spectrum of commodities. The
Bloomberg Commodity Index Total Return SM  is currently composed of futures contracts on a diversified basket of
commodities traded on U.S. exchanges. The Deutsche Bank Liquid Commodity Index-Optimum Yield Total Return TM  is
designed to reflect the performance of certain wheat, corn, light sweet crude oil, heating oil, gold and aluminum futures
contracts plus the returns from investing in 3-month U.S. Treasury Bills. The data for the SDCI Total Return Index is derived
by using the SDCI s calculation methodology with historical prices for the futures contracts comprising the SDCI. The
information about each of the indices comes from publicly-available material about such indices but is not designed to
provide a thorough overview of the methodology of each index. 

None of the indices has an investment objective
identical to the SDCI. As a result, there are inherent limitations in comparing the performance of such indices against the SDCI.
For more information about these indices and their methodologies, please refer to the material published by the sponsors of each
such index which may be found on their websites. USCI is not responsible for any information found on such websites, and such information
is not part of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

In the table above,  Total Return 
refers to the return of the relevant index from December 31, 1997 to September 30, 2016;  Annualized Volatility 
is a measure of the amount of variation or fluctuation in the returns of the relevant index. Annualized Volatility is calculated
by taking the monthly standard deviation of the relevant index s return and multiplying it by the square root of 12; and
 Annualized Sharpe Ratio  is a measure of the total return of each relevant index adjusted by the risk-free interest
rate (the 90-Day U.S. Treasury Bill yield) and the volatility of each index. Many investors consider volatility to be a measure
of risk, and lower volatility of investment returns is considered a positive investment attribute as opposed to higher volatility.
Annualized Sharpe Ratio is a standard measure for investors to compare two different investments or indexes that have different
levels of volatility. If two indexes have the same total return, but one has lower Annualized Volatility, then its Annualized
Sharpe Ratio will be higher. The higher the Annualized Sharpe Ratio, the better the risk-adjusted performance. Annualized Sharpe
Ratio is calculated by taking the average monthly total return of the relevant index and subtracting the then current yield on
the 90-Day U.S. Treasury Bill. The annualized return of this series is then divided by the Annualized Volatility of this series,
and this result is the Annualized Sharpe Ratio for the relevant index. A higher Sharpe Ratio is not a guarantee that one investment
or index will in the future produce better risk adjustment total returns, but USCF believes it is a useful tool for investors
to consider when making investment decisions. 

The following chart compares the hypothetical
total return of the SDCI in comparison with the actual total return of three major indexes between September 30, 2006 and September
30, 2016. 

Ten Year Comparison of Index Returns of the BCOM TR, S P
GSCI TR,  

  DBLCI OY TR, and the Hypothetical Returns
of the SDCI TR  

  (9/30/2006-9/30/2016)  

Source: SHIM, Bloomberg 

PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE
OF FUTURE RESULTS  

The following chart compares the hypothetical total return of the
SDCI in comparison with the actual total return of three major indexes over a five year period. 

Five Year Comparison of Index Returns of
the BCOM TR, S P GSCI TR,  

  DBLCI OY TR, and the Hypothetical Returns
of the SDCI TR  

  (9/30/2011-9/30/2016)  

Source: SHIM, Bloomberg 

PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE
OF FUTURE RESULTS  

SCI   

The SCI is a single-commodity index designed
to be an investment benchmark for copper as an asset class. The SCI is composed of copper futures contracts on the COMEX exchange.
The SCI attempts to maximize backwardation and minimize contango while utilizing contracts in liquid portions of the futures curve. 

The SCI is rules-based and is rebalanced monthly
based on observable price signals described below in the section  Contract Selection and Weighting.  In this context,
the term  rules-based  is meant to indicate that the composition of the SCI in any given month will be determined by
quantitative formulas relating to the prices of the futures contracts that are included in the SCI. Such formulas are not subject
to adjustment based on other factors. 

The overall return on the SCI is generated
by two components: (i) uncollateralized returns from the Benchmark Component Copper Futures Contracts comprising the SCI,
and (ii) a daily fixed income return reflecting the interest earned on hypothetical 3-month Treasuries, calculated using the
weekly auction rate for 3-Month Treasuries published by the U.S. Department of the Treasury. SHIM is the owner of the SCI. 

Table 1 below lists the Futures Exchange on which the Eligible Copper
Futures Contracts are listed and quotation details. Table 2 lists the Eligible Copper Futures Contracts, their sector designation
and maximum allowable tenor. 

TABLE 1  

Commodity   
       
       Designated Contract   
       
       Exchange   
       
       Units   
       
       Quote    
 
      Copper  
       
      Copper  
       
      COMEX  
       
      25,000 lbs  
       
      U.S. cents/pound   

TABLE 2  

Commodity Name   
       
       Commodity   
  Symbol   
       
       Allowed Contracts   
       
       Max. Tenor    
 
      Copper  
       
      HG  
       
      All 12 calendar months  
       
      19   

Prior to the end of each month, SHIM determines
the composition of the SCI and provides such information to the NYSE Arca. Values of the SCI are computed by the NYSE Arca and
disseminated approximately every fifteen (15) seconds from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., New York City time, which also publishes
a daily SCI value at approximately 5:30 p.m., New York City time, under the index ticker symbol  SCI . Only settlement
and last-sale prices are used in the SCI s calculation, bids and offers are not recognized   including limit-bid and
limit-offer price quotes. Where no last-sale price exists, typically in the more deferred contract months, the previous days 
settlement price is used. This means that the underlying SCI may lag its theoretical value. This tendency to lag is evident at
the end of the day when the SCI value is based on the settlement prices of the Benchmark Component Copper Futures Contracts, and
explains why the underlying SCI often closes at or near the high or low for the day. 

Composition of the SCI   

The composition of the SCI on any given day,
as determined and published by SHIM, is determinative of the benchmark for CPER. Neither the index methodology for the SCI nor
any set of procedures, however, are capable of anticipating all possible circumstances and events that may occur with respect to
the SCI and the methodology for its composition, weighting and calculation. Accordingly, a number of subjective judgments must
be made in connection with the operation of the SCI that cannot be adequately reflected in this description of the SCI. All questions
of interpretation with respect to the application of the provisions of the index methodology for the SCI, including any determinations
that need to be made in the event of a market emergency or other extraordinary circumstances, will be resolved by SHIM. 

Contract Expirations   

Because the SCI is comprised of actively traded
contracts with scheduled expirations, it can be calculated only by reference to the prices of contracts for specified expiration,
delivery or settlement periods, referred to as contract expirations. The contract expirations included in the SCI for each commodity
during a given year are designated by SHIM, provided that each contract must be an active contract. An active contract for this
purpose is a liquid, actively-traded contract expiration, as defined or identified by the relevant trading facility or, if no such
definition or identification is provided by the relevant trading facility, as defined by standard custom and practice in the industry. 

If a futures exchange, such as the COMEX, ceases
trading in all contract expirations relating to an Eligible Copper Futures Contract, SHIM may designate a replacement contract.
The replacement contract must satisfy the eligibility criteria for inclusion in the SCI. To the extent practicable, the replacement
will be effected during the next monthly review of the composition of the SCI. If that timing is not practicable, SHIM will determine
the date of the replacement based on a number of factors, including the differences between the existing Benchmark Component Copper
Futures Contract and the replacement contract with respect to contractual specifications and contract expirations. 

The designation of a replacement contract could
affect the value of the SCI, either positively or negatively, depending on the price of the contract that is eliminated and the
prices of the replacement contract. It is impossible, however, to predict the effect of these changes, if they occur, on the value
of the SCI. 

Contract Selection and Weighting   

Weights for each of the Benchmark Component
Copper Futures Contracts are determined for the next month. The methodology used to calculate the SCI weighting is based solely
on quantitative data using observable futures prices and is not subject to human bias. 

The monthly weighting selection is a process
based upon examination of the relevant futures prices for copper: 

1) On the Selection Date: 

a)  
      the copper futures curve is assessed to be in either backwardation or contango (as discussed below); and   

b)  
      the annualized percentage price difference between the Closest-to-Expiration Eligible Copper Futures Contract and each of the Next Four Eligible Copper Futures Contracts is calculated. For each month, the Closest-to-Expiration Eligible Copper Futures Contract and the Next Four Eligible Copper Futures Contracts are as follows:   

Month   
         
       January   
         
       February   
         
       March   
         
       April   
         
       May   
         
       June   
         
       July   
         
       August   
         
       September   
         
       October   
         
       November   
         
       December   

Closest-to-Expiration  

Eligible  

Futures  

Contract  
         
      February  
         
      March  
         
      April  
         
      May  
         
      June  
         
      July  
         
      August  
         
      September  
         
      October  
         
      November  
         
      December  
         
      January  

Next Four  
         
      April  
         
      May  
         
      June  
         
      July  
         
      August  
         
      September  
         
      October  
         
      November  
         
      December  
         
      January  
         
      February  
         
      March  

Eligible  
         
      May  
         
      June  
         
      July  
         
      August  
         
      September  
         
      October  
         
      November  
         
      December  
         
      January  
         
      February  
         
      March  
         
      April  

Futures  
         
      June  
         
      July  
         
      August  
         
      September  
         
      October  
         
      November  
         
      December  
         
      January  
         
      February  
         
      March  
         
      April  
         
      May  

Contracts  
         
      July  
         
      August  
         
      September  
         
      October  
         
      November  
         
      December  
         
      January  
         
      February  
         
      March  
         
      April  
         
      May  
         
      June  

A futures curve in backwardation occurs when
the price of the closest-to-expiration contract is greater than or equal to the price of the third closest-to-expiration contract.
These contracts will have expirations that are approximately two months apart. A curve not in backwardation is defined as being
in contango, which occurs when the price of the closest-to-expiration contract is less than the price of the third closest-to-expiration
contract. 

2a) Backwardation: If the copper futures curve
is in backwardation on the Selection Date, the SCI takes positions in the two Eligible Copper Futures Contracts with the highest
annualized percentage price difference, each weighted at 50%. 

A hypothetical example is included below, with
the two selected Eligible Copper Futures Contracts shaded below (the selected commodities are ranked 1 and 2): 

2b) Contango: If the copper futures curve
is in contango, then the SCI takes positions in three Eligible Copper Futures Contracts, as follows: first, the SCI takes positions
in the two Eligible Copper Futures Contracts with the highest annualized percentage price difference, each weighted at 25%; then,
the SCI also takes a position in the closest-to-expiration December Eligible Future Contract that has expiration more distant
than the fourth of the Next Four Eligible Copper Futures Contracts for the applicable month, which position is weighted at 50%. 

A hypothetical example is included below,
with the next two selected Eligible Copper Futures Contracts shaded below (the selected commodities are ranked 1   2): 

Due to the dynamic monthly weighting calculation,
the individual weights will vary-over time, depending on the price observations each month. The Selection Date for the SCI is the
last business day of the calendar month. 

The following graph shows the weights of
the Benchmark Component Copper Futures Contracts selected for inclusion in the SCI as of September 30, 2016. 

Portfolio Construction   

The portfolio rebalancing takes place during
the Rebalancing Period. At the end of each of the days in the Rebalancing Period one fourth of the prior month portfolio positions
are replaced by the new weights for the Benchmark Component Copper Futures Contracts determined on the Selection Date. 

SCI Total Return Calculation   

The value of the SCI on any business day
is equal to the product of (i) the value of the SCI on the immediately preceding business day multiplied by (ii) one
plus the sum of the day s returns for another version of the SCI known as the SummerHaven Dynamic Copper Index Excess Return
( SCI ER ) (explained below) and one business day s interest from the hypothetical Treasury Bill portfolio. The
value of the SCI will be calculated and published by the NYSE Arca. 

SCI Base Level   

The SCI was set to 100 on January 2,
1991. 

SCI ER Calculation   

The total return of the SCI ER reflects
the percentage change of the market values of the underlying commodity futures. During the Rebalancing Period, the SCI changes
its contract holdings and weightings during a four day period. The value of the SCI ER at the end of a business day    t 
  is equal to the SCI ER value on day    t  -1  multiplied by the sum of the daily percentage price changes
of each commodity future factoring in each respective commodity future s notional holding on day    t  -1 . 

Rebalancing Period   

The SCI is rebalanced during the first
4 business days of each calendar month, when existing positions are placed by new positions and weightings based on the signals
used for contract selection on the last business day of the prior calendar month as outlined above. 

Hypothetical Performance of the SCI  

The table and chart below show the hypothetical
performance of the SCI from January 1, 2006 through September 30, 2016. 

HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS HAVE
MANY INHERENT LIMITATIONS, SOME OF WHICH ARE DESCRIBED BELOW. NO REPRESENTATION IS BEING MADE THAT CPER WILL OR IS LIKELY TO ACHIEVE
PROFITS OR LOSSES SIMILAR TO THOSE SHOWN. IN FACT, THERE ARE FREQUENTLY SHARP DIFFERENCES BETWEEN HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS
AND THE ACTUAL RESULTS ACHIEVED BY ANY PARTICULAR TRADING PROGRAM.  

ONE OF THE LIMITATIONS OF HYPOTHETICAL
PERFORMANCE RESULTS IS THAT THEY ARE GENERALLY PREPARED WITH THE BENEFIT OF HINDSIGHT. IN ADDITION, HYPOTHETICAL TRADING DOES NOT
INVOLVE FINANCIAL RISK, AND NO HYPOTHETICAL TRADING RECORD CAN COMPLETELY ACCOUNT FOR THE IMPACT OF FINANCIAL RISK IN ACTUAL TRADING.
FOR EXAMPLE, THE ABILITY TO WITHSTAND LOSSES OR TO ADHERE TO A PARTICULAR TRADING PROGRAM IN SPITE OF TRADING LOSSES ARE MATERIAL
POINTS WHICH CAN ALSO ADVERSELY AFFECT ACTUAL TRADING RESULTS. THERE ARE NUMEROUS OTHER FACTORS RELATED TO THE MARKETS IN GENERAL
OR TO THE IMPLEMENTATION OF ANY SPECIFIC TRADING PROGRAM WHICH CANNOT BE FULLY ACCOUNTED FOR IN THE PREPARATION OF HYPOTHETICAL
PERFORMANCE RESULTS AND ALL OF WHICH CAN ADVERSELY AFFECT ACTUAL TRADING RESULTS.  

Since the SCI was launched on November 4,
2010, there is no actual performance history of the SCI to present. However, the components of the SCI and the weighting of the
components of the SCI are established each month based on purely quantitative data that is not subject to revisions based on other
external factors. This data is available for periods prior to November 4, 2010. As a result, the tables below reflects how
the SCI would have performed from January 1, 2006 through September 30, 2016 had it been in effect during such time period. The
performance data does not reflect any reinvestment or distribution profits, commission charges, management fees or other expenses
that would have been incurred in connection with operating and managing a commodity pool designed to track the SCI. Such fees and
expenses would reduce the performance returns shown in the table below. 

Hypothetical Performance Results for
the SCI for the period  

  from January 1, 2006 through September
30, 2016  

*  
      The  base level  for the SCI was set at 100 on January 2, 1991. The  Ending Level  represents the value of the components of the SCI on the last trading day of each year and is used to illustrate the cumulative performance of the SCI.   

PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE
OF FUTURE RESULTS  

SummerHaven Copper Index Year-Over-Year  

  Hypothetical Total Returns (1/1/2006-6/30/2016
YTD)  

PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE
OF FUTURE RESULTS  

The following table compares the hypothetical
total return of the SCI in comparison with the actual total return of a major index from December 31, 1997 through September
30, 2016. 

Source: SHIM, Bloomberg 

PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE
OF FUTURE RESULTS  

The table above shows the performance of
the SCI from December 31, 1997 through September 30, 2016 in comparison with a traditional commodity index and spot copper
prices: the Bloomberg Copper Sub index Total Return SM  (BCOMHGTR), (formerly known as Bloomberg Copper Sub index Total
Return as of July 1, 2014) and spot copper prices less warehouse storage rents. The Bloomberg Copper Sub index Total Return SM 
includes the contract in the Bloomberg Commodity Index Total Return that relates to a single commodity, copper (currently the Copper
High Grade futures contract traded on the COMEX). The data for the SCI Total Return Index is derived by using the SCI s calculation
methodology with historical prices for the futures contracts comprising the SCI. The information about the index above comes from
publicly-available material about such index but is not designed to provide a thorough overview of the methodology of such index.
The index noted above does not have investment objectives identical to the SCI. As a result, there are inherent limitations in
comparing such performance against the SCI. For more information about the index and its methodologies, please refer to the material
published by the sponsor of the Bloomberg Copper Sub index Total Return which may be found on its website. USCF is not responsible
for any information found on such website, and such information is not part of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

In the table above,  Total Return  refers
to the return of the relevant index from December 31, 1997 to September 30, 2016;  Annualized Volatility  is
a measure of the amount of variation or fluctuation in the returns of the relevant index. Annualized Volatility is calculated
by taking the monthly standard deviation of the relevant index s return and multiplying it by the square root of 12; and
 Annualized Sharpe Ratio  is a measure of the total return of each relevant index adjusted by the risk-free interest
rate (the 90-Day U.S. Treasury Bill yield) and the volatility of each index. Many investors consider volatility to be a measure
of risk, and lower volatility of investment returns is considered a positive investment attribute as opposed to higher volatility.
Annualized Sharpe Ratio is a standard measure for investors to compare two different investments or indexes that have different
levels of volatility. If two indexes have the same total return, but one has lower Annualized Volatility, then its Annualized
Sharpe Ratio will be higher. The higher the Annualized Sharpe Ratio, the better the risk-adjusted performance. Annualized Sharpe
Ratio is calculated by taking the average monthly total return of the relevant index and subtracting the then current yield on
the 90-Day U.S. Treasury Bill. The annualized return of this series is then divided by the Annualized Volatility of this series,
and this result is the Annualized Sharpe Ratio for the relevant index. A higher Sharpe Ratio is not a guarantee that one investment
or index will in the future produce better risk adjustment total returns, but USCF believes it is a useful tool for investors
to consider when making investment decisions. 

The following chart compares the hypothetical
total return of the SCI in comparison with the actual total return of a major index and spot copper prices (less storage cost)
between September 30, 2006 and September 30, 2016. 

Ten Year Comparison of Index Returns
of  

  BCOMHGTR, Spot Copper price, Spot Copper
Price less Storage  

  Cost, and the Hypothetical Returns of
the SCI TR (9/30/2006-9/30/2016)  

Source: SHIM, Bloomberg, LME 

PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY
INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS  

The following chart compares the hypothetical
total return of the SCI in comparison with the actual total return of two major indices and spot copper prices (less storage cost)
over a 5 year period. 

Five Year Comparison of Index Returns
of  

  BCOMHGTR, Spot Copper price, Spot Copper
Price  

  less Storage Cost, and the Hypothetical
Returns of the SCI TR (9/30/11-9/30/16)  

Source: SHIM, Bloomberg, LME 

PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE
OF FUTURE RESULTS  

SDAI   

The SDAI is an agricultural sector index
designed to broadly represent major agricultural commodities while overweighting the components that are assessed to be in a low
inventory state and underweighting the components assessed to be in a high inventory state. 

The SDAI consists of fourteen agricultural
markets: soybeans, corn, soft red winter wheat, hard red winter wheat, soybean oil, soybean meal, canola, sugar, cocoa, coffee,
cotton, live cattle, feeder cattle and lean hogs. Each agricultural commodity is assigned a base weight based on an assessment
of market liquidity and the commodity s overall economic importance. Each commodity is U.S. dollar based, with the exception
of canola, which is quoted in Canadian dollars and converted to U.S. dollars for the purpose of the SDAI calculation. 

Academic research by Professors Gorton,
Rouwenhorst and Hayashi has shown that commodities in relatively low inventory states tend to have higher returns than commodities
in relatively high inventory states. Furthermore, relative inventory comparisons can be estimated by the price-based signals momentum
and basis. Momentum is the percentage price change in a commodity over the previous year. Basis is the annualized percentage difference
between the nearest-to-maturity contract and the second nearest-to-maturity contract. Using these price-based signals, agricultural
commodities determined to be in low inventory state will be weighted more heavily, and agricultural commodities in high inventory
state will be weighted less heavily during any given month. 

The SDAI is rules-based and rebalanced
monthly based on observable price signals described above. In this context, the term  rules-based  is meant to indicate
that the composition of the SDAI in any given month will be determined by quantitative formulas relating to the prices of the futures
contracts that relate to the commodities that are included in the SDAI. Such formulas are not subject to adjustment based on other
factors. 

The overall return on the SDAI is generated
by two components: (i) uncollateralized returns from the Benchmark Component Agriculture Futures Contracts comprising the
SDAI and (ii) a daily fixed income return reflecting the interest earned on a hypothetical 3-month U.S. Treasury Bill collateral
portfolio, calculated using the weekly auction rate for the 3-Month U.S. Treasury Bills published by the U.S Department of the
Treasury. SHIM is the owner of the SDAI. 

Table 1 below lists the eligible agricultural
commodities, the relevant Futures Exchange on which each Benchmark Component Agriculture Futures Contract is listed and quotation
details. Table 2 lists the Benchmark Component Agriculture Futures Contracts, their sector designation and maximum allowable tenor. 

TABLE 1  

Commodity   
       
       Designated Contract   
       
       Exchange   
       
       Units   
       
       Quote    
 
      Soybeans  
       
      Soybeans  
       
      CBOT  
       
      5,000 bushels  
       
      U.S. cents/bushel   

Corn  
       
      Corn  
       
      CBOT  
       
      5,000 bushels  
       
      U.S. cents/bushel   

Soft Red Winter Wheat  
       
      Soft Red Winter Wheat  
       
      CBOT  
       
      5,000 bushels  
       
      U.S. cents/bushel   

Hard Red Winter Wheat  
       
      Hard Red Winter Wheat  
       
      KCBT  
       
      5,000 bushels  
       
      U.S. cents/bushel   

Bean Oil  
       
      Bean Oil  
       
      CBOT  
       
      60,000 lbs.  
       
      U.S. cents/pound   

Soybean Meal  
       
      Soybean Meal  
       
      CBOT  
       
      100 tons  
       
      USD/ton   

Coffee  
       
      Coffee  C   
       
      ICE-US  
       
      37,500 lbs.  
       
      U.S. cents/pound   

Cocoa  
       
      Cocoa  
       
      ICE-US  
       
      10 metric tons  
       
      USD/metric ton   

Sugar  
       
      World Sugar No. 11  
       
      ICE-US  
       
      112,000 lbs.  
       
      U.S. cents/pound   

Canola  
       
      Canola  
       
      ICE- CANADA  
       
      20 metric tonnes  
       
      $CAD/tonne   

Cotton  
       
      Cotton  
       
      ICE-US  
       
      50,000 lbs.  
       
      U.S. cents/pound   

Feeder Cattle  
       
      Feeder Cattle  
       
      CME  
       
      50,000 lbs.  
       
      U.S. cents/pound   

Live Cattle  
       
      Live Cattle  
       
      CME  
       
      40,000 lbs.  
       
      U.S. cents/pound   

Lean Hogs  
       
      Lean Hogs  
       
      CME  
       
      40,000 lbs.  
       
      U.S. cents/pound   

TABLE 2  

Commodity Name   
       
       Commodity   
  Symbol   
       
       Allowed Contracts   
       
       Max. Tenor   

Soybeans  
       
      S  
       
      Jan, Mar, May, July, Aug, Sep, Nov  

12  

Corn  
       
      C  
       
      Mar, May, July, Sep, Dec  

12  

Soft Red Winter Wheat  
       
      W  
       
      Mar, May, July, Sep, Dec  

7  

Hard Red Winter Wheat  
       
      KW  
       
      Mar, May, July, Sep, Dec  

5  

Bean Oil  
       
      BO  
       
      Jan, Mar, May, July, Aug, Sep, Oct, Dec  

7  

Soybean Meal  
       
      SM  
       
      Jan, Mar, May, July, Aug, Sep, Oct, Dec  

7  

Coffee  
       
      KC  
       
      Mar, May, July, Sep, Dec  

7  

Cocoa  
       
      CC  
       
      Mar, May, July, Sep, Dec  

7  

Sugar  
       
      SB  
       
      Mar, May, July, Oct,  

7  

Canola  
       
      RS  
       
      Jan, Mar, May, July, Nov  

5  

Cotton  
       
      CT  
       
      Mar, May, July, Dec  

7  

Feeder Cattle  
       
      FC  
       
      Jan, Mar, April, May, Aug, Sep, Oct, Nov  

5  

Live Cattle  
       
      LC  
       
      Feb, April, June, Aug, Oct, Dec  

5  

Lean Hogs  
       
      LH  
       
      Feb, April, June, July, Aug, Oct, Dec  

5  

Prior to the end of each month, SHIM determines
the composition of the SDAI and provides such information to the NYSE Arca. Values of the SDAI are computed by the NYSE Arca and
disseminated approximately every fifteen (15) seconds from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., New York City time, which also publishes
a daily SDAI value at approximately 5:30 p.m., New York City time, under the index ticker symbol  SDAITR . Only settlement
and last-sale prices are used in the SDAI s calculation, bids and offers are not recognized; including limit-bid and limit-offer
price quotes. Where no last-sale price exists, typically in the more deferred contract months, the previous days  settlement
price is used. This means that the underlying SDAI may lag its theoretical value. This tendency to lag is evident at the end of
the day when the SDAI value is based on the settlement prices of the Benchmark Component Agriculture Futures Contracts, and explains
why the underlying SDAI often closes at or near the high or low for the day. 

Currency Conversion   

Canola seed futures trade on the ICE Futures
Canada and are denominated in Canadian dollars. Canola futures prices are divided by the USD/CAD foreign exchange spot price for
purposes of index calculation and commodity weighting calculations. The USD/CAD price used for canola futures for the daily SDAI
value is the 3:00 p.m. EST USD/CAD price quoted by Bloomberg under currency ticker  USDCAD F150 . 

Composition of the SDAI   

The composition of the SDAI on any given
day, as determined and published by SHIM, is determinative of the benchmark for USAG. Neither the SDAI methodology nor any set
of procedures, however, are capable of anticipating all possible circumstances and events that may occur with respect to the SDAI
and the methodology for its composition, weighting and calculation. Accordingly, a number of subjective judgments must be made
in connection with the operation of the SDAI that cannot be adequately reflected in this description of the SDAI. All questions
of interpretation with respect to the application of the provisions of the SDAI methodology, including any determinations that
need to be made in the event of a market emergency or other extraordinary circumstances, will be resolved by SHIM. 

Contract Expirations   

Because the SDAI is comprised of actively
traded contracts with scheduled expirations, it can be calculated only by reference to the prices of contracts for specified expiration,
delivery or settlement periods, referred to as contract expirations. The contract expirations included in the SDAI for each commodity
during a given year are designated by SHIM, provided that each contract must be an active contract. An active contract for this
purpose is a liquid, actively-traded contract expiration, as defined or identified by the relevant trading facility or, if no such
definition or identification is provided by the relevant trading facility, as defined by standard custom and practice in the industry. 

If a Futures Exchange ceases trading in
all contract expirations relating to a particular Benchmark Component Agriculture Futures Contract, SHIM may designate a replacement
contract on the particular agricultural commodity. The replacement contract must satisfy the eligibility criteria for inclusion
in the SDAI. To the extent practicable, the replacement will be effected during the next monthly review of the composition of the
SDAI. If that timing is not practicable, SHIM will determine the date of the replacement based on a number of factors, including
the differences between the existing Benchmark Component Agriculture Futures Contract and the replacement contract with respect
to contractual specifications and contract expirations. 

If a Benchmark Component Agriculture Futures
Contract is eliminated and there is no replacement contract, the underlying agricultural commodity will necessarily drop out of
the SDAI. The designation of a replacement contract, or the elimination of an agricultural commodity from the SDAI because of the
absence of a replacement contract, could affect the value of the SDAI, either positively or negatively, depending on the price
of the contract that is eliminated and the prices of the remaining contracts. It is impossible, however, to predict the effect
of these changes, if they occur, on the value of the SDAI. 

Commodity Weighting   

Each of the Benchmark Component Agriculture
Futures Contracts will remain in the SDAI from month to month. Weights for each of the Benchmark Component Agriculture Futures
Contracts in the SDAI are determined for the next month. The methodology used to calculate the SDAI weighting is based solely on
quantitative data using observable futures prices and is not subject to human bias. 

The monthly weighting selection is a three-step
process based upon examination of the relevant futures prices for each agricultural commodity: 

1)  
      The annualized percentage price difference between the closest-to-expiration Benchmark Component Agriculture Futures Contract and the next closest-to-expiration Benchmark Component Agriculture Futures Contract is calculated for each of the 14 eligible agricultural commodities on the fifth business day prior to the first business day of the next calendar month (the  Selection Date ). The four agricultural commodities with the highest percentage price difference are selected.   

2)  
      For the remaining 10 eligible agricultural commodities, the percentage price change of each agricultural commodity over the previous year is calculated, as measured by the change in the price of the closest-to- expiration Benchmark Component Agriculture Futures Contract on the Selection Date from the price of the closest-to-expiration Benchmark Component Agriculture Futures Contract a year prior to the Selection Date. The three agricultural commodities with the highest percentage price change are selected.   

3)  
      For the seven commodities selected through basis (step 1) and momentum (step 2), each commodity weight is increased by 2% above its base weighting for the following month. For the remaining seven commodities not selected, each commodity weight is decreased by 2% below its base weighting for the following month.   

Due to the dynamic monthly agricultural
commodity weighting calculation, the individual agricultural commodity weights will vary over time, depending on the price observations
each month. The Selection Date for the SDAI is the fifth business day prior to the first business day of the next calendar month. 

The following graph shows the agricultural
commodity weights of the agricultural commodities selected for inclusion in the SDAI as of September 30, 2016. 

SDAI Commodity Weights  

  as of September 30, 2016  

Contract Selection   

For each agricultural commodity in the
SDAI, the index selects a specific Benchmark Component Agriculture Futures Contract with a tenor ( i.e.,  contract month)
among the eligible tenors (the range of contract months) based upon the relative prices of the Benchmark Component Agriculture
Futures Contracts within the eligible range of contract months. The previous notwithstanding, the contract expiration is not changed
for that month if a Benchmark Component Agriculture Futures Contract remains in the SDAI, as long as the contract does not enter
expire or enter its notice period in the subsequent month. 

Portfolio Construction   

The portfolio rebalancing takes place during
the Rebalancing Period. At the end of each of the days in the last four business days of each month (the  Rebalancing Period )
one fourth of the prior month portfolio positions are replaced by the new commodity weights for the commodity contracts determined
on the Selection Date. 

Currency Conversion   

Canola futures are denominated and quoted
in Canadian dollars. 

SDAI Total Return Calculation   

The value of the SDAI on any business day
is equal to the product of (i) the value of the SDAI on the immediately preceding business day multiplied by (ii) one
plus the sum of the day s returns for another version of the SDAI known as the SummerHaven Dynamic Agriculture Index Excess
Return ( SDAI ER ) (explained below) and one business day s interest from the hypothetical Treasury Bill portfolio.
The value of the Agriculture will be calculated and published by the NYSE Arca. 

SDAI Base Level   

The SDAI was set to 100 on January 2,
1991. 

SDAI ER Calculation   

The total return of the SDAI ER reflects
the percentage change of the market values of the underlying Benchmark Component Agriculture Futures Contracts. During the Rebalancing
Period, the SDAI changes its contract holdings and weightings during a four day period. The value of the SDAI ER at the end of
a business day    t    is equal to the SDAI ER value on day    t  -1  multiplied by the sum of
the daily percentage price changes of each commodity future factoring in each respective commodity future s notional holding
on day    t  -1 . 

Rebalancing Period   

During the Rebalancing Period, existing
positions are replaced by new positions based on the signals used for contract selection as outlined above. At the end of the first
day of the Rebalancing Period, the signals are observed and on the second day a new portfolio is constructed that is equally weighted
in terms of notional positions in the newly selected contracts. 

The table and chart below show the hypothetical
performance of the SDAI from January 1, 2006 through September 30, 2016. 

HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS HAVE
MANY INHERENT LIMITATIONS, SOME OF WHICH ARE DESCRIBED BELOW. NO REPRESENTATION IS BEING MADE THAT USAG WILL OR IS LIKELY TO ACHIEVE
PROFITS OR LOSSES SIMILAR TO THOSE SHOWN. IN FACT, THERE ARE FREQUENTLY SHARP DIFFERENCES BETWEEN HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS
AND THE ACTUAL RESULTS ACHIEVED BY ANY PARTICULAR TRADING PROGRAM.  

ONE OF THE LIMITATIONS OF HYPOTHETICAL
PERFORMANCE RESULTS IS THAT THEY ARE GENERALLY PREPARED WITH THE BENEFIT OF HINDSIGHT. IN ADDITION, HYPOTHETICAL TRADING DOES NOT
INVOLVE FINANCIAL RISK, AND NO HYPOTHETICAL TRADING RECORD CAN COMPLETELY ACCOUNT FOR THE IMPACT OF FINANCIAL RISK IN ACTUAL TRADING.
FOR EXAMPLE, THE ABILITY TO WITHSTAND LOSSES OR TO ADHERE TO A PARTICULAR TRADING PROGRAM IN SPITE OF TRADING LOSSES ARE MATERIAL
POINTS WHICH CAN ALSO ADVERSELY AFFECT ACTUAL TRADING RESULTS. THERE ARE NUMEROUS OTHER FACTORS RELATED TO THE MARKETS IN GENERAL
OR TO THE IMPLEMENTATION OF ANY SPECIFIC TRADING PROGRAM WHICH CANNOT BE FULLY ACCOUNTED FOR IN THE PREPARATION OF HYPOTHETICAL
PERFORMANCE RESULTS AND ALL OF WHICH CAN ADVERSELY AFFECT ACTUAL TRADING RESULTS.  

USCF HAS HAD LITTLE OR NO EXPERIENCE
IN TRADING ACTUAL ACCOUNTS FOR CUSTOMERS. BECAUSE THERE ARE NO ACTUAL TRADING RESULTS TO COMPARE TO THE HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE
RESULTS, CUSTOMERS SHOULD BE PARTICULARLY WARY OF PLACING UNDUE RELIANCE ON THESE HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS.  

Since the SDAI was launched on September 23,
2010, there is only actual performance history of the SDAI from that date to the present. However, the components of the SDAI and
the weighting of the components of the SDAI are established each month based on purely quantitative data that is not subject to
revisions based on other external factors. This data is available for periods prior to September 23, 2010. As a result, the
table below reflects how the SDAI would have performed from January 1, 2006 through September 30, 2016 had it been in effect during
such time period. The performance data does not reflect any reinvestment or distribution of profits, commission charges, management
fees or other expenses that would have been incurred in connection with operating and managing a commodity pool designed to track
the SDAI. Such fees and expenses would reduce the performance returns shown in the table below. 

Hypothetical Performance Results for
the period  

  from January 1, 2006 through September
30, 2016  

*  
      The  base level  for the SDAI was set at 100 on January 2, 1991. The  Ending Level  represents the value of the components of the Index on the last trading day of each year and is used to illustrate the cumulative performance of the Index.   

PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF
FUTURE RESULTS  

SummerHaven Dynamic Agriculture Index Year-Over-Year  

  Hypothetical Total Returns (1/1/2006-9/30/2016
YTD)  

PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE
OF FUTURE RESULTS  

The following table compares the hypothetical
total return of the SDAI in comparison with the actual total return of three major indexes from December 31, 1997 through
September 30, 2016. 

The table above shows the performance of
the SDAI from December 31, 1997 through September 30, 2016 in comparison with three traditional agricultural commodities indices:
the S P GSCI    Agriculture Index Total Return, Bloomberg Sub index Total Return SM , and the Deutsche
Bank Liquid Commodity Index-Optimum Yield Agriculture Total Return TM . The S P GSCI    Agriculture Index
Total Return comprises the commodities: Wheat (Chicago and Kansas), Corn, Soybeans, Cotton, Sugar, Coffee, and Cocoa, and is part
of a series of sub-indices representing components of the S P GSCI. The Bloomberg Agriculture Sub index Total Return SM 
is currently composed of seven futures contracts on agricultural commodities traded on U.S. exchanges. The Deutsche Bank Liquid
Commodity Index-Optimum Yield Agriculture Total Return TM  is designed to reflect the performance of certain corn, wheat,
soybean and sugar futures contracts plus the returns from investing in 3 month U.S. Treasury Bills. The data for the SDAI is derived
by using the SDAI s calculation methodology with historical prices for the futures contracts comprising the SDAI. The information
about each of the indices comes from publicly-available material about such indices but is not designed to provide a thorough overview
of the methodology of each index. None of the indices have investment objectives identical to the SDAI. As a result, there are
inherent limitations in comparing the performance of such indices against the SDAI. For more information about these indices and
their methodologies, please refer to the material published by the sponsors of each such index which may be found on their websites.
USAG is not responsible for any information found on such website, and such information is not part of this quarterly report on
Form 10-Q. 

In the table above,  Total Return 
refers to the return of the relevant index from December 31, 1997 through September 30, 2016;  Annualized Volatility 
is a measure of the amount of variation or fluctuation in the returns of the relevant index. Annualized Volatility is calculated
by taking the monthly standard deviation of the relevant index s return and multiplying it by the square root of 12; and
 Annualized Sharpe Ratio  is a measure of the total return of each relevant index adjusted by the risk-free interest
rate (the 90 Day U.S. Treasury Bill yield) and the volatility of each index. Many investors consider volatility to be a measure
of risk, and lower volatility of investment returns is considered a positive investment attribute as opposed to higher volatility.
Annualized Sharpe Ratio is a standard measure for investors to compare two different investments or indexes that have different
levels of volatility. If two indexes have the same total return, but one has lower Annualized Volatility, then its Annualized Sharpe
Ratio will be higher. The higher the Annualized Sharpe Ratio, the better the risk-adjusted performance. Annualized Sharpe Ratio
is calculated by taking the average monthly total return of the relevant index and subtracting the then current yield on the 90
Day U.S. Treasury Bill. The annualized return of this series is then divided by the Annualized Volatility of this series, and this
result is the Annualized Sharpe Ratio for the relevant index. A higher Sharpe Ratio is not a guarantee that one investment or index
will in the future produce better risk adjustment total returns, but USCF believes it is a useful tool for investors to consider
when making investment decisions. 

The following chart compares the hypothetical
total return of the SDAI in comparison with the actual total return of three major indexes between September 30, 2006 and September
30, 2016. 

Ten Year Comparison of Index Returns
of the BCOM Ag TR, S P GSCI Ag TR,  

  DB LCI OY Ag TR, and the Hypothetical
Returns of the SDAI TR  

  (9/30/06-9/30/16)  

Source: SHIM, Bloomberg 

PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY
INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS  

The following chart compares the hypothetical
total return of the SDAI in comparison with the actual total return of three major indexes over a 5 year period. 

Five Year Comparison of Index Returns
of the DJ-UBS Ag TR, S P GSCI Ag TR,  

  DB LCI OY Ag TR, and the Hypothetical
Returns of the SDAI TR  

  (9/30/11-9/30/16)  

Source: SHIM, Bloomberg 

PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE
OF FUTURE RESULTS  

Critical Accounting Policies  

Preparation of the condensed financial
statements and related disclosures in compliance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires the application of appropriate accounting rules and guidance, as well as the use of estimates. The Trust s application
of these policies involves judgments and actual results may differ from the estimates used. 

USCF has evaluated the nature and types
of estimates that it makes in preparing the Trust s condensed financial statements and related disclosures and has determined
that the valuation of Applicable Interests, which are not traded on a United States or internationally recognized futures exchange
(such as forward contracts and OTC swaps) involves a critical accounting policy. The values which are used by each Trust Series
for its Futures Contracts are provided by its commodity broker who uses market prices when available, while OTC swaps are valued
based on the present value of estimated future cash flows that would be received from or paid to a third party in settlement of
these derivative contracts prior to their delivery date and valued on a daily basis. In addition, each Trust Series estimates interest
income on a daily basis using prevailing rates earned on its cash and cash equivalents. These estimates are adjusted to the actual
amount received on a monthly basis and the difference, if any, is not considered material. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

None of the Trust Series has made, and
does not anticipate making, use of borrowings or other lines of credit to meet its obligations. Each Trust Series has met, and
it is anticipated that each Trust Series will continue to meet, its liquidity needs in the normal course of business from the proceeds
of the sale of its investments, or from the Treasuries, cash and/or cash equivalents that it intends to hold at all times. Each
Trust Series  liquidity needs include: redeeming shares, providing margin deposits for its existing Futures Contracts or
the purchase of additional Futures Contracts and posting collateral for its OTC swaps and payment of its expenses, summarized below
under  Contractual Obligations.  

Each Trust Series currently generates cash
primarily from: (i) the sale of baskets consisting of 50,000 shares ( Creation Baskets ) and (ii) income
earned on Treasuries, cash and/or cash equivalents. Each Trust Series has allocated substantially all of its net assets to trading
in Applicable Interests. Each Trust Series invests in Applicable Interests to the fullest extent possible without being leveraged
or unable to satisfy its current or potential margin or collateral obligations with respect to its investments in Applicable Interests.
A significant portion of each Trust Series  NAV is held in Treasuries, cash and cash equivalents that are used as margin
and as collateral for its trading in Applicable Interests. The balance of the assets is held in each Trust Series  account
at the Custodian and in Treasuries at the FCM. Income received from any investments in money market funds and Treasuries by a Trust
Series will be paid to such Trust Series. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, each Trust Series  expenses exceeded
the income it earned and the cash earned from the sale of Creation Baskets and the redemption of Redemption Baskets. 

Each Trust Series  investments in
Applicable Interests may be subject to periods of illiquidity because of market conditions, regulatory considerations and other
reasons. For example, most commodity exchanges limit the fluctuations in futures contract prices during a single day by regulations
referred to as  daily limits.  During a single day, no trades may be executed at prices beyond the daily limit. Once
the price of a futures contract has increased or decreased by an amount equal to the daily limit, positions in the contracts can
neither be taken nor liquidated unless the traders are willing to effect trades at or within the specified daily limit. Such market
conditions could prevent a Trust Series from promptly liquidating its positions in Futures Contracts. During the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, none of the Trust Series purchased or liquidated any of its positions while daily limits were in effect; however,
no Trust Series can predict whether such an event may occur in the future. 

Prior to the initial offering of each Trust
Series, all payments with respect to each Trust Series  expenses are paid by USCF. None of the Trust Series has an obligation
or intention to refund such payments made by USCF. USCF is under no obligation to pay any Trust Series  future expenses.
Since the initial offering of shares, each Trust Series has been responsible for expenses relating to: (i) management fees,
(ii) brokerage fees and commissions, (iii) ongoing registration expenses in connection with offers and sales of its shares
subsequent to the initial offering, (iv) other expenses, including tax reporting costs, (v) the fees of the Trustee in
connection with its services as Delaware trustee of the Trust, (vi) fees and expenses of the independent directors of USCF
and (vii) other extraordinary expenses not in the ordinary course of business, while USCF has been responsible for expenses
relating to the fees of the Trust Series  Marketing Agent, Administrator and Custodian, the trading advisory and licensing
fees of SummerHaven and offering expenses relating to the initial offering of shares of each Trust Series. If USCF and each Trust
Series are unsuccessful in raising sufficient funds to cover these respective expenses or in locating any other source of funding,
one or more of the Trust Series could terminate and investors may lose all or part of their investment. 

Market Risk  

Trading in Applicable Interests such as
Futures Contracts involves each Trust Series entering into contractual commitments to purchase or sell specified amounts of commodities
at a specified date in the future. The aggregate market value of the contracts will significantly exceed each Trust Series 
future cash requirements since each Trust Series intends to close out its open positions prior to settlement. As a result, each
Trust Series is generally only subject to the risk of loss arising from the change in value of the contracts. Each Trust Series
considers the  fair value  of its derivative instruments to be the unrealized gain or loss on the contracts. The market
risk associated with each Trust Series  commitments to purchase a specific commodity will be limited to the aggregate market
value of the contracts held. 

Each Trust Series  exposure to market
risk depends on a number of factors, including the markets for commodities, the volatility of interest rates and foreign exchange
rates, the liquidity of the Applicable Interest markets and the relationships among the contracts held by each such Trust Series.
The limited experience that each Trust Series has had in utilizing its model to trade in Applicable Interests in a manner intended
to track the changes in the Applicable Index, as well as drastic market occurrences, could ultimately lead to the loss of all or
substantially all of an investor s capital. 

Credit Risk  

When a Trust Series enters into Futures
Contracts and Other Related Investments, it is exposed to the credit risk that the counterparty will not be able to meet its obligations.
The counterparty for the Futures Contracts traded on the Futures Exchanges is the clearinghouse associated with the particular
exchange. In general, in addition to margin required to be posted by the clearinghouse in connection with cleared trades, clearinghouses
are backed by their members who may be required to share in the financial burden resulting from the nonperformance of one of their
members and, therefore, this additional member support should significantly reduce credit risk. The Trust Series are not currently
a member of any clearinghouse. Some foreign exchanges are not backed by their clearinghouse members but may be backed by a consortium
of banks or other financial institutions. Unlike in the case of exchange-traded Futures Contracts, the counterparty to an OTC transaction
is generally a single bank or other financial institution. As a result, there will be greater counterparty credit risk in OTC transactions.
There can be no assurance that any counterparty, clearinghouse, or their members or their financial backers will satisfy their
obligations to a Trust Series in such circumstances. 

USCF attempts to manage the credit risk
of each Trust Series by following various trading limitations and policies. In particular, each Trust Series generally posts margin
and/or holds liquid assets that are approximately equal to the market value of its obligations to counterparties under the Futures
Contracts and Other Related Investments it holds. USCF has implemented procedures that include, but are not limited to, executing
and clearing trades and entering into OTC transactions only with creditworthy parties and/or requiring the posting of collateral
or margin by such parties for the benefit of each Trust Series to limit its credit exposure. Each Trust Series  commodity
broker, or any other broker that may be retained by a Trust Series in the future, when acting as the Trust Series  FCM in
accepting orders to purchase or sell Futures Contracts on United States exchanges, is required by CFTC regulations to separately
account for and segregate as belonging to a Trust Series, all assets of a Trust Series relating to domestic Futures Contracts trading.
These FCMs are not allowed to commingle a Trust Series  assets with their other assets. In addition, the CFTC requires commodity
brokers to hold in a secure account a Trust Series  assets related to foreign Futures Contracts trading. During the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, the only foreign exchanges on which USCI made investments were the ICE Futures, which is a London
based futures exchange, and the LME, which is a London based metal commodities exchange. Such Futures Contracts are denominated
in U.S. dollars. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, CPER did not make investments on any foreign exchanges. During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the only foreign exchange on which USAG made investments was the ICE Futures. Such Futures
Contracts are denominated in U.S. dollars except Canola, which is denominated in Canadian dollars. 

If, in the future, a Trust Series purchases
OTC swaps, see   Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   in this quarterly report
on Form 10-Q for a discussion of OTC swaps. 

As of September 30, 2016, each of USCI,
CPER and USAG held cash deposits and investments in Treasuries in the amount of $669,848,288, $2,828,004 and $1,922,955 respectively,
with the custodian and FCM. Some or all of these amounts held by a custodian or an FCM, as applicable, may be subject to loss should
the Trust Series  custodian or FCM, as applicable, cease operations. 

Off Balance Sheet Financing  

As of September 30, 2016, neither the Trust
nor any Trust Series had any loan guarantee, credit support or other off-balance sheet arrangement of any kind other than agreements
entered into in the normal course of business, which may include indemnification provisions relating to certain risks that service
providers undertake in performing services which are in the best interests of any Trust Series. While each Trust Series 
exposure under these indemnification provisions cannot be estimated, they are not expected to have a material impact on any Trust
Series  financial position. 

European Sovereign Debt  

None of the Trust Series had direct exposure
to European sovereign debt as of September 30, 2016 or had direct exposure to European sovereign debt as of the filing of this
quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

Redemption Basket Obligation  

In order to meet its investment objective
and pay its contractual obligations described below, each Trust Series requires liquidity to redeem shares, which redemptions must
be in blocks of 50,000 shares called  Redemption Baskets.  Each Trust Series has to date satisfied this obligation
by paying from the cash or cash equivalents it holds or through the sale of its Treasuries in an amount proportionate to the number
of shares being redeemed. Authorized Participants paid USCI $350 for each order placed to create one or more Creation Baskets or
to redeem one or more Redemption Baskets; prior to July 1, 2011, Authorized Participants paid USCI $1,000 for each order placed
to create one or more Creation Baskets or to redeem one or more Redemption Baskets. Authorized Participants paid to CPER and USAG
$350 for each order placed to create one or more Creation Baskets or to redeem one or more Redemption Baskets. Prior to May 1,
2012, Authorized Participants paid $1,000 for each order placed to create one or more Creation Baskets or to redeem one or more
Redemption Baskets. 

Contractual Obligations  

The Trust s (and each series thereunder)
primary contractual obligations are with USCF and certain other service providers. USCF, in return for its services, is entitled
to a management fee calculated as a fixed percentage of a Trust Series  NAV. Effective January 1, 2016, USCF permanently
lowered the management fee for USCI to 0.80% (80 basis points) per annum of average daily total net assets for USCI and 0.65% (65
basis points) per annum of average daily total net assets for both CPER and USAG. Ongoing fees, costs and expenses of its operation
for which a Trust Series is responsible include: 

brokerage and other fees and commissions incurred in connection
with the trading activities of each Trust Series; 

expenses incurred in connection with registering additional
shares of each Trust Series or offering shares of each Trust Series after the time any shares of each Trust Series have begun
trading on the NYSE Arca; 

the routine expenses associated with distribution, including
printing and mailing, of any monthly, annual and other reports to shareholders required by applicable U.S. federal and state regulatory
authorities; 

payment for routine services of the Trustee, legal counsel
and independent accountants; 

payment for fees associated with tax accounting and reporting,
routine accounting, bookkeeping, whether performed by an outside service provider or by affiliates of USCF; 

costs and expenses associated with investor relations and
services; 

the payment of any distributions related to redemption
of shares; 

payment of all federal, state, local or foreign taxes payable
on the income, assets or operations of each Trust Series and the preparation of all tax returns related thereto; 

fees and expenses of the independent directors of USCF;
and 

extraordinary expenses (including, but not limited to,
indemnification of any person against liabilities and obligations to the extent permitted by law and required under the Trust
Agreement and the bringing and defending of actions at law or in equity and otherwise engaging in the conduct of litigation and
the incurring of legal expense and the settlement of claims and litigation). 

While USCF has agreed to pay registration
fees to the SEC, FINRA, NYSE Arca or any other regulatory agency or exchange in connection with the initial offer and sale of the
shares and the legal, printing, accounting and other expenses associated with such registration, each Trust Series is responsible
for any registration fees and related expenses incurred in connection with any subsequent offer and sale of its shares after the
initial offering of shares. 

Each Trust Series pays its own brokerage
and other transaction costs. Each Trust Series pays fees to the FCM in connection with its transactions in Futures Contracts. For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, FCM fees were approximately 0.14% of average daily total net assets for USCI, approximately
0.06% of average daily total net assets for CPER, and approximately 0.12% of average daily total net assets for USAG. In general,
transaction costs on OTC Applicable Interests and on Treasuries and other short-term securities are embedded in the purchase or
sale price of the instrument being purchased or sold, and may not readily be estimated. USCF had voluntarily agreed to pay certain
expenses normally borne by USCI to the extent that such expenses exceeded 0.15% (15 basis points) of USCI s NAV, on an annualized
basis, through March 31, 2011. As of March 31, 2011, the expense waiver was no longer in effect for USCI. USCF has voluntarily
agreed to pay certain expenses typically borne by each CPER and USAG to the extent that such expenses exceed 0.15% (15 basis points)
of each of CPER s or USAG s NAV, on an annualized basis. USCF can terminate this agreement at any time in its sole
discretion. If this agreement were terminated, the Annual Fund Operating Expenses could increase, which would negatively impact
your total return from an investment in CPER or USAG. 

This voluntary expense waiver is in addition
to those amounts USCF is contractually obligated to pay as described in  Note 5   Contracts and Agreements . 

The parties cannot anticipate the amount
of payments that will be required under these arrangements for future periods, as each Trust Series  NAVs and trading levels
to meet its investment objective will not be known until a future date. These agreements are effective for a specific term agreed
upon by the parties with an option to renew, or, in some cases, are in effect for the duration of a Trust Series  existence.
Either party may terminate these agreements earlier for certain reasons described in the agreements. 

As of September 30, 2016, USCI s
portfolio consisted of 16,982 Futures Contracts traded on the Futures Exchanges, CPER s portfolio consisted of 53 Futures
Contracts traded on the COMEX and USAG s portfolio consisted of 71 Futures Contracts traded on the Futures Exchanges. For
a list of each of USCI s, CPER s and USAG s current holdings, please see www.unitedstatescommodityfunds.com.
See   Portfolio Holdings   for a complete list of Futures Contracts held by each of USCI, CPER and USAG during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk.  

OTC Contract Risk   

   Currently, OTC transactions are subject
to changing regulation.    

USCI, USAG, and CPER may purchase OTC Commodity-Related
Interests, Agriculture-Related Interests, and Copper-Related Interests, such as forward contracts or swap or spot contracts, respectively.
Unlike most exchange-traded futures contracts or exchange-traded options on such futures, each party to an OTC swap bears the credit
risk that the other party may not be able to perform its obligations under its contract. 

The Trust, on behalf of each Trust Series
may enter into certain transactions where an OTC component is exchanged for a corresponding futures contract ( Exchange for
Related Position  or  EFRP  transactions). In the most common type of EFRP transaction entered into by the Trust,
the OTC component is the purchase or sale of one or more baskets of a Trust Series shares. These EFRP transactions may expose a
Trust Series to counterparty risk during the interim period between the executions of the OTC component and the exchange for a
corresponding futures contract. Generally, the counterparty risk from the EFRP transaction will exist only on the day of execution. 

Swap transactions, like other financial
transactions, involves a variety of significant risks. The specific risks presented by a particular swap transaction necessarily
depend upon the terms and circumstances of the transaction. In general, however, all swap transactions involve some combination
of market risk, credit risk, counterparty risk, funding risk, liquidity risk and operational risk. 

Highly customized swap transactions in
particular may increase liquidity risk, which may result in a suspension of redemptions. Highly leveraged transactions may experience
substantial gains or losses in value as a result of relatively small changes in the value or level of an underlying or related
market factor. 

In evaluating the risks and contractual
obligations associated with a particular swap transaction, it is important to consider that a swap transaction may be modified
or terminated only by mutual consent of the original parties and subject to agreement on individually negotiated terms. Therefore,
it may not be possible for USCF to modify, terminate or offset a Trust Series  obligations or its exposure to the risks associated
with a transaction prior to its scheduled termination date. 

To reduce the credit risk that arises in
connection with such contracts, a Trust Series will generally enter into an agreement with each counterparty based on the Master
Agreement published by ISDA that provides for the netting of its overall exposure to its counterparty if the counterparty is unable
to meet its obligations to the Trust Series due to the occurrence of a specified event, such as the insolvency of the counterparty. 

A Trust Series assesses or reviews, as
appropriate, the creditworthiness of each potential or existing counterparty to an OTC contract pursuant to guidelines approved
by USCF s Board. Furthermore, USCF on behalf of a Trust Series only enters into OTC contracts with counterparties who are,
or are affiliates of, (a) banks regulated by a United States federal bank regulator, (b) broker-dealers regulated by
the SEC, (c) insurance companies domiciled in the United States, or (d) producers, users or traders of energy, whether
or not regulated by the CFTC. Any entity acting as a counterparty shall be regulated in either the United States or the United
Kingdom unless otherwise approved by the Board after consultation with its legal counsel. Existing counterparties are also reviewed
periodically by USCF. A Trust Series will also require that the counterparty be highly rated and/or provide collateral or other
credit support. Even if collateral is used to reduce counterparty credit risk, sudden changes in the value of OTC transactions
may leave a party open to financial risk due to a counterparty default since the collateral held may not cover a party s
exposure on the transaction in such situations. 

In general, valuing OTC derivatives is
less certain than valuing actively traded financial instruments such as exchange-traded futures contracts and securities or cleared
swaps because the price and terms on which such OTC derivatives are entered into or can be terminated are individually negotiated,
and those prices and terms may not reflect the best price or terms available from other sources. In addition, while market makers
and dealers generally quote indicative prices or terms for entering into or terminating OTC swaps, they typically are not contractually
obligated to do so, particularly if they are not a party to the transaction. As a result, it may be difficult to obtain an independent
value for an outstanding OTC derivatives transaction. 

During the nine month reporting period
ended September 30, 2016, no series of the Trust limited its OTC activities to EFRP transactions. 

Each Trust Series anticipates that the
use of Other Related Investments together with its investments in Futures Contracts will produce price and total return results
that closely track the investment goals of such Trust Series. However, there can be no assurance of this. OTC swaps may result
in higher transaction-related expenses than the brokerage commissions paid in connection with the purchase of Futures Contracts,
which may impact a Trust Series  ability to successfully track its Applicable Index. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures.  

Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

The Trust and each Trust Series maintain
disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Trust s periodic
reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time period specified
in the SEC s rules and forms. 

The duly appointed officers of USCF, including
its chief executive officer and chief financial officer, who perform functions equivalent to those of a principal executive
officer and principal financial officer of the Trust if the Trust had any officers, have evaluated the effectiveness of the Trust s
and each Trust Series  disclosure controls and procedures and have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures
of the Trust and each Trust Series have been effective as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form
10-Q. 

Change in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting  

There were no changes in the Trust s
or any Trust Series  internal control over financial reporting during the last fiscal quarter that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Trust s or any Trust Series  internal control over financial reporting. 

Part II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings.  

Not applicable. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors.  

There have been no material changes to
the risk factors previously disclosed in the Trust s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015,
filed on March 11, 2016. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity
Securities and Use of Proceeds.  

Not applicable. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  

Not applicable. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.  

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information.  

Monthly Account Statements  

Pursuant to the requirement under Rule
4.22 under the Commodity Exchange Act, each month the Trust and each Trust Series publish account statements for the Trust Series 
shareholders, which include Statements of Income (Loss) and Statements of Changes in Net Asset Value. The account statements
are furnished to the SEC on a current report on Form 8-K pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and posted
each month on each Trust Series  website at www.unitedstatescommodityfunds.com. 

Item 6. Exhibits.  

Listed below are the exhibits, which are
filed as part of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q (according to the number assigned to them in Item 601 of Regulation
S-K): 

Exhibit Number   
       
       Description of Document    
 
       31.1*   
       
      Certification by Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
       31.2*   
       
      Certification by Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
       32.1*   
       
      Certification by Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
       32.2*   
       
      Certification by Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
       101.INS   
       
      XBRL Instance Document.   
 
       101.SCH   
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema.   
 
       101.CAL   
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase.   
 
       101.DEF   
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase.   
 
       101.LAB   
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase.   
 
       101.PRE   
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase.   

*  Filed herewith. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

United States Commodity Index Funds Trust (Registrant)  

 By: United States Commodity Funds LLC, its Sponsor 

By:   
      /s/ John P. Love  

John P. Love  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal executive officer)  

Date: November 7 , 2016 

By:   
      /s/ Stuart P. Crumbaugh  

Stuart P. Crumbaugh  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal financial and accounting officer)  

Date: November 7, 2016  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v450972_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1   

Certification of Principal Executive
Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

I, John P. Love, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of United States Commodity Index Funds Trust; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date:  November
    7, 2016  
      By:    
      
      /s/
    John P. Love   

Name: 
         Title:  
     
         John P. Love 
        President and Chief Executive Officer 
         United States Commodity Funds LLC, 
         Sponsor of United States Commodity Index Funds Trust   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v450972_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2   

Certification of Principal Financial
Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

I, Stuart P. Crumbaugh, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of United States Commodity Index Funds Trust; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date:  November
    7, 2016  
      By:    
      
      /s/
    Stuart P. Crumbaugh   

Name: 
         Title:  
     
         Stuart P. Crumbaugh 
        Chief Financial Officer 
         United States Commodity Funds LLC, 
         Sponsor of United States Commodity Index Funds Trust   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v450972_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1   

Certification of Principal Executive
Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

In connection with
the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) of United States Commodity
Index Funds Trust (the  Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, John
P. Love, the President and Chief Executive Officer of United States Commodity Funds LLC, Sponsor of the Registrant, hereby certify,
to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date:  November
    7  , 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    John P. Love   

Name: 
         Title:  
     
         John P. Love 
        President and Chief Executive Officer 
         United States Commodity Funds LLC, 
         Sponsor of United States Commodity Index Funds Trust   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v450972_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2   

Certification of Principal Financial
Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

In connection with
the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) of United States Commodity
Index Funds Trust (the  Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Stuart
P. Crumbaugh, the Chief Financial Officer of United States Commodity Funds LLC, Sponsor of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the
best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date:  November
    7, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    Stuart P. Crumbaugh   

Name: 
         Title:  
     
         Stuart P. Crumbaugh 
        Chief Financial Officer 
         United States Commodity Funds LLC, 
         Sponsor of United States Commodity Index Funds Trust   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 usci-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 usci-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 usci-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 usci-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 usci-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 usci-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

