<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1446714_0001144204-16-134349_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3118887</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>88297</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>223257</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>695274</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1340769</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>703544</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>51</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134349.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114172645
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134349
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		61
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Macquarie Equipment Leasing Fund, LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001446714
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-EQUIPMENT RENTAL & LEASING, NEC [7359]
		IRS NUMBER:				263291543
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53904
		FILM NUMBER:		161996060

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		225 FRANKLIN STREET
		STREET 2:		26TH FLOOR
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02110
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6172172691

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		225 FRANKLIN STREET
		STREET 2:		26TH FLOOR
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02110

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134349.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v451893_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C.
20549  

FORM
10-Q   

(Mark One)  

For the Quarterly
Period Ended September 30, 2016  

OR  

For the Transition
Period from              to  

Commission File Number:
000-53904  

MACQUARIE EQUIPMENT
LEASING FUND, LLC  

  (Exact Name of
Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)  

Delaware   
       26-3291543    
 
       (State
    or Other Jurisdiction of   
       (IRS Employer    
 
       Incorporation
    or Organization)   
       Identification No.)    

225 Franklin St, 17th Floor, Suite 1740  

  Boston, Massachusetts 02110  

  (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code)  

(617) 457-0645  

  (Registrant s Telephone Number,
Including Area Code)  

(Former Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal
Year if Changed Since Last Report): N/A  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes    
   No      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every
Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this
chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files). Yes  x     No     

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large
    Accelerated Filer      
      Accelerated
    Filer       
 
      Non-accelerated
    Filer         
      Smaller
    Reporting Company       

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes    
   No      

There were 9,183,494 shares of limited liability
company membership interests outstanding at November 14, 2016. 

MACQUARIE EQUIPMENT
LEASING FUND, LLC  
  Table of Contents  

Part I.   
        Financial Information    

Item 1.  
       Financial Statements   

Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (Unaudited)   
      3  

Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)   
      4  

Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)   
       5  

Statement of Changes in Members  Equity for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 (Unaudited)   
      6  

Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited)   
      7  

Item 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      18  

Item 3. 
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     23  

Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      23  

Part II.   
        Other Information    

Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
      24  

Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
      24  

Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      24  

Item 3.  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      24  

Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      24  

Item 5.  
       Other Information   
      24  

Item 6.  
       Exhibits    
      24  

Signatures  
     25  

Macquarie Equipment Leasing Fund, LLC is
not an authorized deposit-taking institution for the purposes of the Banking Act 1959 (Commonwealth of Australia) and its obligations
do not represent deposits or other liabilities of Macquarie Bank Limited ABN 46 008 583 542 (MBL). MBL does not guarantee or otherwise
provide assurance in respect of the obligations of Macquarie Equipment Leasing Fund, LLC.  

Part I. FINANCIAL
INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial
Statements  

MACQUARIE EQUIPMENT
LEASING FUND, LLC  

    BALANCE SHEETS  

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to
Financial Statements.  

MACQUARIE EQUIPMENT
LEASING FUND, LLC 
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
(Unaudited)  

See accompanying
notes to Financial Statements.  

MACQUARIE EQUIPMENT
LEASING FUND, LLC 
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
(Unaudited)  

See accompanying
notes to Financial Statements.  

MACQUARIE EQUIPMENT
LEASING FUND, LLC 
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN MEMBERS  EQUITY  

  (Unaudited)  

(1)  Additional members represent all members other than the
Managing member. 

See accompanying
notes to Financial Statements.  

MACQUARIE EQUIPMENT
LEASING FUND, LLC 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (Unaudited)  

1. ORGANIZATION
AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS  

Macquarie Equipment Leasing
Fund, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the  Fund ), was formed on August 21, 2008 for the purpose of being
an equipment leasing program that acquired or originated a diversified portfolio of equipment, equipment leases and loans, and
other equipment-related investments. The majority of the Fund s equipment is leased to corporate clients. The Fund s
objective was to generate income through the collection of lease rentals, interest income, and other revenues, as well as through
the sale of leased and off lease equipment and other portfolio investments. The Fund s fiscal year end is December 31. 

The manager of the Fund
is Macquarie Asset Management Inc. (the  Manager ), a member of the Macquarie Group of Companies which is comprised
of Macquarie Group Limited and its subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide (the  Macquarie Group ). Macquarie Group Limited
is headquartered in Australia and is listed on the Australian Stock Exchange. The Manager has made a total of $1,505,000 in capital
contributions to the Fund. The Manager and its affiliates earn fees by providing or arranging all services necessary and desirable
for the operations of the Fund, including those relating to equipment acquisitions and disposals, equipment loans, asset management
and administrative, reporting and regulatory services. The Fund reimburses the Manager for costs incurred for managing the Fund
and the Fund s portfolio of equipment, equipment lease and loans, and other equipment-related investments. The Fund has one
reportable segment; all information and disclosures herein are related to that segment. 

The initial closing date
for the Fund was March 5, 2010, the date at which the Fund raised over $2,500,000 and reached the minimum offering amount. The
Fund s offering period ceased on March 19, 2012 and the Fund s operating period commenced on that date and ceased on
June 30, 2016. The Fund s liquidation period started on July 1, 2016 and may last for up to three years. To coincide with
the beginning of the Fund s liquidation period, the Manager suspended the Fund s share redemption program. However,
the Manager reserved the right to approve member requests for redemptions in cases of death or proof of disability (as the term
is defined in the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended). 

This report covers the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

The accompanying unaudited
financial statements were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
( U.S. GAAP ) for interim financial information and with the instructions for Form 10-Q and the rules and regulations
of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). In the opinion of management, all material adjustments,
consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, considered necessary for a fair statement of the interim period financial statements
have been made. Interim period results are not necessarily indicative of results for a full-year period. These financial statements
and the notes thereto should be read in conjunction with the Fund s financial statements included in its Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 as filed with the SEC on March 2, 2016. 

2. SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Basis of Accounting and
Use of Estimates   

The accompanying financial
statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. This requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements.
Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents   

The Fund considers all highly
liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash
equivalents are maintained with one financial institution, which at times may be in excess of federal insurance limits. 

Restricted Cash   

Restricted cash consisted
of cash collected from the lessee of the Fund s Bombardier CRJ 700 ER aircraft for maintenance costs. As management are satisfied
that there remains no ongoing liability to pay out amounts under the maintenance reserve, the restricted cash was released into
cash and cash equivalents. See Note 3 for more details. 

Income Taxes    

The Fund is treated as
a partnership for federal and state income tax purposes. As a partnership, the Fund is not subject to federal and state income
taxes, while each member will be individually liable for income taxes, if any, on its share of net taxable income from the Fund.
Interest, dividends and other income realized by the Fund may be subject to withholding tax in the jurisdiction in which the income
is sourced. 

Leased Equipment at Cost

If a lease meets certain
requirements under ASC 840 at its inception, such that the Fund retains ownership in the underlying equipment, the lease is accounted
for as an operating lease. Investment in leased equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Leased equipment is
depreciated on a straight-line basis over the lease term to the assets  residual value. Initial direct costs (such as freight,
installation, acquisition fees and expenses, legal fees and inspection fees) associated with the leases are capitalized as part
of the cost of the leased equipment and depreciated over the lease term. 

The lease term from the
acquisition date or most recent lease renewal date by the Fund of each item of equipment is as follows: 

The residual value and
useful life are determined by the Manager and are calculated using information from both internal (i.e. from affiliates) and external
sources, such as trade publications, industry valuers, auction data, internal and external sales data, equipment dealers, wholesalers
and industry experts, as well as inspection of the physical assets. Once an asset comes off lease or is re-leased, the Fund reassesses
its useful life and residual value. 

Costs incurred in extending
the useful life and/or increasing the resale value of leased equipment are capitalized into the cost of an asset. No such costs
have been incurred to date. 

If the equipment is returned
at the end of a lease term and the lessee has not met the return conditions as set out in the lease, the Fund is entitled, in certain
cases, to additional compensation from the lessee. The Fund s accounting policy for recording such payments is to treat the
payments as revenue when received. No such payments were received for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. 

The lessee is generally
responsible for the ongoing maintenance costs of the equipment under net lease arrangements. 

The significant operating
lease assets in the Fund s portfolio are reviewed for impairment at least annually or when indicators of impairment exist.
An impairment loss will be recognized only if the carrying value of a long-lived asset is not recoverable and exceeds its fair
market value. The Manager s assessment for impairment (i.e. undiscounted cash flows used in the recoverability assessment)
includes review of residual values based on published values for similar assets, recent transactions for similar assets, lease
terms, asset condition, adverse changes in market conditions for specific asset types and the occurrence of significant adverse
changes in general industry and market conditions that could affect the fair value of the asset. 

If no impairment is deemed
to exist and if the current assessment of the residual value is determined to be lower than the current value, the Fund adjusts
the residual value downward and prospectively adjusts depreciation expense over the remaining life of the lease. No impairment
charges were recorded for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. No impairment charges were recorded for the three
months ended September 30, 2015, however, an impairment charge of $165,556 was recognized for the nine months ended September 30,
2015 related to the Fund s self-service checkout equipment. 

Net Investment in Finance
Lease   

If a lease meets specific
criteria under ASC 840 at its inception, such that ownership of the underlying asset is effectively transferred to the lessee,
the Fund recognizes the lease as a net investment in finance lease on its Balance Sheet. Net investment in finance leases consist
of lease receivables plus the estimated unguaranteed residual value of the leased equipment on the lease termination date, less
the unearned income. 

The residual values of
the Fund s significant finance lease assets are reviewed at least annually. If the review results in a lower estimate than
had been previously established, the Fund will determine whether the decline in the estimated residual value is other than temporary.
If the decline in estimated residual value is judged to be other than temporary, the accounting for the transaction shall be revised
using the changed estimate and the resulting reduction in the net investment shall be recognized as a loss in the period in which
the estimate is changed. An upward adjustment of a leased asset s estimated residual value shall not be made. 

Lease Modifications   

If a lease is modified, ASC 840 requires the lease
to be re-evaluated as if the revised terms were in place at inception of the lease. If the revised terms result in a different
classification of the lease than what existed at inception (for example, an operating lease with the revised terms qualifies as
a sales type lease), then the revised lease and corresponding investment is reclassified (to either an operating lease, financing
lease or sales type lease). 

Net Investment in Sales
Type Lease   

If a lease meets specific
criteria under ASC 840 at its inception, such that ownership of the underlying asset is effectively transferred to the lessee and
the lease gives rise to a manufacturer s or dealers profit or loss to the lessor (that is, the fair value of the lease property
at lease inception is greater than or less than its cost or carrying amount), the Fund recognizes the lease as a net investment
in sales type lease on its Balance Sheet and the corresponding profit or loss as a net gain on sale. While the Fund is not a manufacturer
or dealer, sales type lease accounting may apply when existing lease agreements are modified and are required to be accounted for
as new leases. 

Net investment in sales
type lease consists of lease receivables plus the estimated unguaranteed residual value of the leased equipment on the lease termination
date, less unearned income. 

The residual values of
the Fund s significant sales type lease assets are reviewed at least annually. If the review results in a lower estimate
than had been previously established, the Fund will determine whether the decline in the estimated residual value is other than
temporary. If the decline in estimated residual value is judged to be other than temporary, the accounting for the transaction
shall be revised using the changed estimate and the resulting reduction in the net investment shall be recognized as a loss in
the period in which the estimate is changed. An upward adjustment of a leased asset s estimated residual value shall not
be made. 

Loan Receivables
and Participating Interests   Loan Receivables   

Loan receivables are reported on the Fund s
Balance Sheet at the outstanding principal balance, plus costs incurred to originate the loans. Unearned income, discounts and
premiums are amortized to interest income in the Fund s Statements of Operations using the effective interest method. Upon
the repayment of a loan receivable, any prepayment penalties and unamortized loan origination, closing and commitment fees are
recorded as part of interest income in the Statements of Operations. 

Participating interests   loan receivables
are arranged by related parties and are disclosed separately in the Fund s financial statements. See Note 7 for disclosures
relating the Fund s participating interests in loan receivables. 

Assets Held for Sale   

If any of the Fund s
assets held under operating leases meet the requirements under ASC 360-10-45-9, the asset is reclassified as Leased Equipment Held
for Sale on the Fund s Balance Sheet at the lower of its carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. 

If the Fund s net investment in finance
leases or loan receivables meet specific criteria under ASC 310-10-35, such that the Fund no longer has the intent or ability to
hold the finance lease or loan for the foreseeable future, the loan or finance lease is reclassified as held for sale and recorded
at the lower of cost or fair value, with any difference being recognized in the Statements of Operations. 

Maintenance Reserve   

Under the lease agreement
for the Fund s Bombardier CRJ 700 ER aircraft, the lessee was responsible for the costs of major maintenance on the components
of the aircraft, including the engines, airframe, auxiliary power unit and landing gear at an approved maintenance facility in
accordance with the manufacturer s recommended maintenance guidelines. The lessee was required to pay reserves to the Fund
for maintenance, calculated monthly, based on the prior month s flight hours and flight cycles. These payments were set aside
for future maintenance costs and were recognized as restricted cash on the Fund s Balance Sheet when paid by the lessee.
As maintenance was performed, and to the extent that the lessee had met all of its obligations under the lease, the lessee was
reimbursed for costs incurred up to, but not exceeding, the related payments the Fund receives from the lessee for maintenance.
At the completion of each major maintenance event, the difference between the liability for the cost of the aircraft s maintenance
and the reimbursement paid to the lessee was recorded as revenue if management was satisfied that the remaining reserve was considered
sufficient to cover future maintenance or repairs. In addition, if management was satisfied that there remains no ongoing liability
to pay out amounts under the maintenance reserve, the accumulated net proceeds in the maintenance reserve are recorded into finance
and rental income. See Note 3 for more details. 

Revenue Recognition   

At the inception of a
finance lease, the Fund records the total minimum lease payments receivable from the lessee, the estimated unguaranteed residual
value of the equipment at lease termination, the initial direct costs related to the lease, and the related unearned income. Unearned
income represents the total minimum lease payments receivable plus the estimated unguaranteed residual value minus the cost of
the leased equipment. Unearned income is recognized as finance income over the term of the lease using the effective interest rate
method. 

At the inception of a
sales type lease, or upon reclassification of an operating lease or direct finance lease to a sales type lease, the Fund records
the total minimum lease payments receivable from the lessee, the estimated unguaranteed residual value of the equipment at lease
termination, the initial direct costs related to the lease, and the related unearned income. Unearned income represents the total
minimum lease payments receivable plus the estimated unguaranteed residual value minus the cost of the leased equipment. Unearned
income is recognized as finance income over the term of the lease using the effective interest rate method. 

For operating leases,
rental income is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. From time to time, the Fund receives rental payments
in advance. These advance payments are recognized on the Fund's Balance Sheet as deferred revenue and recognized as income in the
month they are earned. 

Gains or losses from sales
of leased and off lease equipment (including reclassifications of operating or financing leases to sales type leases) are recorded
on a net basis in the Fund s Statements of Operations. The Fund recognized a gain on the sale of leased equipment of $5,107,777
and $5,115,704 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. The Fund recognized a gain on the sale
of leased equipment of $11,275 during both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Certain of the Fund s
leases contain provisions for late fees on past due rent. The Fund recognizes late fees as income when they become chargeable and
collection is reasonably assured. 

During 2015, the Fund
developed a vendor finance program for an Australian aircraft manufacturer. Under the program, the Australian aircraft manufacturer
refers the Fund to potential customers seeking aircraft finance. In consideration for the Fund s time and expense incurred
in developing the vendor finance program, the Australian aircraft manufacturer agreed to pay a program development fee of $150,000
to the Fund in installments. The Fund will recognize the program development fee as income over the life of the agreement. The
Fund recognized $18,750 and $56,250 related to the program development fee as other income during the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, respectively. No such fees were recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

The Fund recognizes interest
income on its loan receivables using the effective interest method. 

Credit Quality of
Loan Receivables and Finance Leases   

The Fund monitors the ongoing
credit quality of its financing receivables by: (i) reviewing and analyzing a borrower s financial performance on a regular
basis, including reviewing financial statements when provided as prescribed in the loan or lease agreement; (ii) tracking the relevant
credit metrics of each loan receivable and a borrower s compliance with financial and non-financial covenants; and (iii)
monitoring a borrower s payment history and public credit rating, if available. As part of the monitoring process, the Fund
may physically inspect the collateral and meet with a borrower s management to better understand the borrower s financial
performance and its future plans on an as-needed basis. 

Allowance for Doubtful
Accounts and Provision for Credit Losses   

The Fund is exposed to
risks under its leasing transactions, including risk associated with a lessee s creditworthiness, repossession, remarketing
and the future market value of the equipment. The Fund evaluates the collectability of its lease receivables by analyzing the counterparties 
payment history, general credit worthiness and current economic trends. Although the Fund currently has no reason to believe that
the lessees will fail to meet their contractual obligations, a risk of loss to the Fund exists should a lessee fail to meet its
payment obligations under a lease. The Fund records an allowance when the analysis indicates that the probability of full collection
is unlikely. No allowance was recorded on the Fund s Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015, respectively.
No allowance was recorded or reversed in the Fund s Statements of Operations during the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

An allowance or provision
for credit losses is established if there is evidence that the Fund will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the
original contractual terms of the loan or finance lease receivable. The allowance for credit losses is reported as a reduction
of the carrying value of the loan receivable on the Fund s Balance Sheet. Additions to the allowance and provision for credit
losses are recorded in the Fund s Statements of Operations. Allowances and provisions for credit losses are evaluated periodically
and on an individual asset and customer level. Individual credit exposures are evaluated based on the realizable value of any collateral,
and payment history. The estimated recoverable amount is the value of the expected future cash flows, including amounts that may
be realized with the repossession of the collateral. 

The accrual of interest
income based on the original terms of the loan receivable may be discontinued based on the facts and circumstances of the individual
credit exposure, and any future interest income is recorded based on cash receipts. Any subsequent changes to the amounts and timing
of the expected future cash flows compared with the prior estimates result in a change in the allowance for credit losses and are
charged or credited to the Fund s Statements of Operations. An allowance is generally reversed only when cash is received
in accordance with the original contractual terms of the note. 

The Fund does not provision for credit losses
on a collective basis. 

All loans are performing and there are no delinquent
loans on the Fund s Balance Sheet. Due to the credit rating of the counterparties, the short-term nature of loans, insurance
arrangements, and borrower payment history, the Fund has not recorded a provision for credit losses on its loan receivables as
of September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015, respectively. 

Long-Term Debt   

Long-term debt is reported
on the Fund s Balance Sheet at cost. Interest expense is recognized using the effective interest method. Expenses associated
with the incurrence of debt are capitalized and amortized to interest expense over the term of the debt instrument using the effective
interest rate method. These costs are included in the carrying value of long-term debt. 

Write Offs   

The Fund takes write offs
when it determines that a receivable is uncollectible and when all economically sensible means of recovery have been exhausted.
No write offs were recorded for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Operating Expenses
and Management Fees   

The Manager charges the
Fund management fees and the Fund reimburses the Manager for certain operating expenses directly related to the Fund. These fees
are recognized on an accrual basis. See Note 9 for further details. 

Comprehensive Income   

The Fund follows the requirements
of ASC 220 Comprehensive Income, for the reporting and presentation of comprehensive income and its components. The Fund does not
have any components of other comprehensive income, thus it is not presented separately in the Fund s financial statements. 

Distributions   

The Manager has sole discretion
to determine what portion, if any, of cash on hand will be distributed to the members. Regular distributions are made on a monthly
basis and accrued at the end of each month. Regular monthly cash distributions are paid on the 15th day of the following month
and reflected in the Fund s Statement of Changes in Members  Equity. Distributions accrued but not paid are recorded
as a distribution payable on the Fund s Balance Sheet. 

New Accounting Pronouncements   

In May 2014, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09, Revenue from
Contracts with Customers, requiring revenue to be recognized in an amount that reflects the consideration expected to be received
in exchange for goods and services. The original effective date for ASU 2014-09 would have required the Fund to adopt it beginning
in its first quarter of 2018. In July 2015, the FASB voted to amend ASU 2014-09 by approving a one-year deferral of the effective
date as well as providing the option to early adopt the standard on the original effective date. Accordingly, the Fund may adopt
the standard in either its first quarter of 2018 or 2019. The new revenue standard may be applied retrospectively to each prior
period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect recognized as of the date of adoption. The Fund is currently evaluating
the timing of its adoption of ASU 2014-09. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have an impact on the Fund's financial
statements. 

In August 2014, FASB issued
ASU No. 2014-15, Preparation of Financial Statements   Going Concern: Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s
Ability to continue as a Going Concern. This standard provides guidance about management's responsibility to evaluate whether there
is substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. The
adoption of this standard becomes effective on the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, and all subsequent annual and interim periods.
Early adoption is permitted. The Fund is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard on
its financial statements. 

In February 2016, FASB
issued ASU No. 2016-2, Leases, to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease
liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. The guidance primarily affects lessees
and requires that all leases create an asset and a liability for a leasing arrangement greater than 12 months, although there are
some modifications to lessor accounting. The adoption of this standard becomes effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2018. The Fund is evaluating the implications of the adoption of this standard. 

In March 2016, FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-08, Revenue from Contracts with Customers in order to amend principal versus agent guidance in the new revenue standard
contemplated in ASU 2014-09. The amendment reframes the indicators in the guidance to focus on evidence that an entity is acting
as a principal rather than as an agent. The effective date and transition of ASU 2016-08 aligns with ASU 2014-09, effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. The Fund is currently evaluating the timing of its adoption of ASU 2014-09. The
adoption of this standard is not expected to have an impact on the Fund s financial statements. 

In April 2016, FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts with Customers - Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing, to amend certain aspects
of ASU 2014-09 around licensing and performance obligations. The effective date and transition of ASU 2016-10 aligns with ASU 2014-09,
effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. The Fund is currently evaluating the timing of its adoption of ASU
2014-09. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have an impact on the Fund's financial statements. 

In August 2016, FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows   Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments, to provide guidance
on the presentation and classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments in the Statements of Cash Flows. The adoption
of this standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. The adoption of this standard is not expected
to have a significant impact on the Fund s financial statements. 

3. LEASED EQUIPMENT AT COST  

The following transactions
were entered into by the Fund during the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

Railcar Portfolio   

In April 2016, the Fund committed
to a plan to sell its railcar portfolio and received a deposit of $250,000 from a U.S. purchaser in May 2016. The sale was completed
in July 2016 and the Fund received an additional payment of sale proceeds of $9,376,000 from the buyer. As a result of the completion
of the sale of the railcar portfolio, the Fund recognized a gain on sale in July 2016. 

Bombardier CRJ 700 ER Aircraft Lease   

In March 2016, the Fund entered
into a purchase and sales agreement ( PSA ) to sell its Bombardier CRJ 700 ER aircraft. The Fund received a payment
of $7,050,000 for the sale in addition to a $250,000 deposit received in October 2015. Upon execution of the PSA, beneficial interest
in the aircraft passed to the buyer. However, the aircraft was not delivered and legal title was not transferred to the buyer until
September 2016. The Fund recognized a gain on sale in September 2016. 

The Fund recognized additional
rental income in September 2016 due to the release of the maintenance reserves as management has assessed that no further reimbursements
are required to be paid to the lessee. In addition, the maintenance reserve balance previously reported as restricted cash on the
Balance Sheet has been included in cash and cash equivalents as of September 30, 2016. 

Racetrack Equipment   

The lease for the Fund s
racetrack equipment was amended during the three months ended September 30, 2016, resulting in a re-classification of the leases
from operating leases and direct financing leases to sales type leases. See Note 5 for more information. 

Leased equipment at cost net of accumulated depreciation
consists of the following: 

Annual minimum future rentals
receivable related to the Fund s operating leases over the next five years consist of the following: 

Although there is a portion
of future rentals receivable expected beyond the Fund s liquidation period end date of July 1, 2019, the Fund expects to
divest these operating leases, or the underlying operating leased assets, over the course of the next three years. 

A risk of loss or lower than
expected returns exists if the market value of the equipment at the end of the lease term is lower than anticipated. 

4. NET INVESTMENT IN FINANCE LEASE  

The Fund s net investment
in finance lease primarily relate to furniture, eight-seater aircrafts, manufacturing equipment, and smart safes. The following
transactions were entered into by the Fund during the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

GA8-TC320 Airvan
Aircraft   

In January 2016, the lessee
exercised the early buyout option on its lease and purchased one of the GA8-TC320 Airvan aircraft it had been leasing from the
Fund. The lessee paid a purchase price of $553,025 and the Fund recognized a gain on the sale in January 2016. 

Racetrack Equipment   

The lease for the Fund s
motor racetrack equipment was amended in August 2016, resulting in a re-classification of the leases from operating leases and
direct financing leases to sales type leases. See Note 5 for more information. 

Net investment in finance lease
(current and non-current) consists of the following: 

Annual minimum future
rentals receivable related to the Fund s finance leases over the next 5 years consist of the following: 

5.  NET INVESTMENT
IN SALES TYPE LEASE  

The Fund s net investment
in sales type lease relates to motor racetrack equipment. On August 23, 2016, the Fund signed an agreement with the lessee which
amended the original lease agreement to allow the lessee to acquire the racetrack equipment from the Fund. This resulted in a re-classification
of leases from operating and finance categories to a sales type lease. The Fund has re-classified these assets from  Non-current
assets   Leased equipment at cost, net of accumulated depreciation  and  Current assets   Net investment
in finance lease  to  Current assets   Net investment in sales-type lease  as at September 30, 2016. The
Fund recognized a gain on the sale of the racetrack equipment in August 2016. 

As of September 30, 2016,
the net investment in sales type leases of $223,924 comprises minimum lease payments of $227,636 less unearned income of $3,712.
There were no sales type lease balances as of December 31, 2015. 

The future rentals receivable
related to the Fund s net investment in sales type lease at September 30, 2016 are all due within one year. 

6. LOAN RECEIVABLES  

The Fund carries its loan
receivables at amortized cost on the Balance Sheet. The Fund recognizes interest income using the effective interest method. 

In January 2016, the Fund
entered into an agreement with a U.S. drilling company to provide a finance facility of up to $15,000,000. The finance facility
has a term of two years and an interest rate of 10% per year. 

The loan is secured by
one of the drilling company s land-based rigs and a three year drilling rig operating contract. The drilling company paid
commitment fees and other upfront payments of $330,000 to the Fund. Of those fees, $140,000 was paid upon execution of the term
sheet, and the remaining $190,000 in fees were paid from the amount funded by the Fund under the terms of the finance facility
at closing. The commitment and upfront fees are included as a reduction to the carrying value of the loan and are amortized to
interest income using the effective interest rate method. The Fund capitalized other costs directly related to the origination
of the facility. These costs are included as an increase to the amount due under the facility and are recognized to income using
the effective interest method. 

In addition, in October
and November 2014, the Fund entered into agreements to provide two finance facilities to one of its lessees for up to $540,000
and $588,328, respectively. The facilities had initial terms of 12 months but were both extended for an additional 2 years and
have interest rates of 9.25 and 9.95%, respectively. 

The Fund recognized interest
income on its portfolio of loan receivables of $386,132 and $1,112,444 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
respectively, and $11,562 and $35,447 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

7. PARTICIPATING
INTEREST (ARRANGED BY A RELATED PARTY)  

In 2015, the Fund entered
into a participation agreement with Macquarie Bank Limited London Branch ( MBL UK ), a member of the Macquarie Group.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 the Fund provided additional financing of $28,345,392 to participate in an existing
facility previously provided by MBL UK to a UAE information technology distribution company. The Fund s advance was paid
to MBL UK and the Fund receives principal and interest payments from MBL UK. Repayment is predicated on MBL UK receiving principal
and interest payments from the underlying counterparty. The transaction was recorded as a participating interest   loan receivables
on the Fund s Balance Sheet and recognized at amortized cost. The Fund recognizes interest income using the effective interest
method. The loan is unsecured with the Fund being entitled to a pro-rata portion of MBL UK s credit insurance in the event
of a default. The Fund received repayments of $33,617,748 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, which included the outstanding
receivable as of December 31, 2015. The balance outstanding on the Fund s Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2016 was $2,703,597,
of which $1,137,966 was repaid in November 2016. 

The Fund recognized interest
income on participating interests related to the Fund s participation agreement with MBL UK of $144,483 and $486,489 for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $181,466 and $284,944 for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015, respectively. 

8. LONG-TERM DEBT  

In September 2015, the
Fund entered into a limited recourse loan agreement with a Japanese bank. The loan has a credit limit of $16,750,000 and an interest
rate of 3.192% per year. The full amount of the loan was drawn down in October 2015. The Fund s leased CFM56-7B jet engines,
which had a net carrying value of $21,990,222 on the Fund s Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2016, are pledged as collateral.
The loan matures in October 2019 and can be repaid prior to maturity. The loan is recorded as long-term debt and carried at amortized
cost on the Fund s Balance Sheet. The Fund recognizes interest expense using the effective interest method. 

The Fund paid an upfront
fee to the lender of $50,750 and incurred legal fees of $6,866 directly related to obtaining the loan. These costs are included
as a reduction to the carrying value of the loan and are amortized to interest expense using the effective interest rate method. 

The Fund recognized interest
expense, including the amortization of debt financing costs, of $128,756 and $394,098 for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, respectively. There was no interest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

As of September 30, 2016,
the scheduled maturities of long-term debt, including accretion of the debt discount over the next five years are detailed below.
The maturity of the current drawdowns in 2019 are within the Fund s liquidation period and coincide with the Fund s
intended wind-down period: 

9. TRANSACTIONS
WITH AFFILIATES  

As discussed in Note 1,
the Fund is required to pay fees to the Manager and its affiliates for providing or arranging all services necessary for its operations,
including those relating to equipment acquisitions and disposals, asset management and administrative, reporting and regulatory
services. As discussed in Note 7, the Fund entered into a participation agreement with MBL UK, a member of the Macquarie Group
and an affiliate of the Manager. 

The Fund pays the Manager
and its affiliates fees for operating services performed including: 

Acquisition fees of 3% of the purchase price that the
Fund pays for each item of equipment or direct or indirect interest in equipment acquired, including under lease agreements, trading
transactions, residual value guarantees, pay per use agreements, forward purchase agreements, total lease return swaps, participation
agreements, equipment purchase options, other equipment-related transactions, joint ventures, special purpose vehicles and other
Fund arrangements; 

Asset management fees equal to the lesser of: (i) (a)
5% of gross rental payments from non-full payout leases (except that 1% of gross rental payments shall be payable with respect
to non-full payout leases for which management services are performed by non-affiliates under the Manager s supervision);
(b) 2% of gross rental payments from full payout leases which contain net lease provisions; and (c) 7% of gross rental payments
from equipment for which the Fund provides services in addition to equipment management relating to the continued and active operation
of the Fund s equipment such as, but not limited to, ongoing marketing and re-leasing of equipment and hiring or arranging
for the hiring of crews or operating personnel for the Fund s equipment and similar services; or (ii) the amount of fees
which are competitive for similar services; 

Remarketing fees equal to the lesser of (i) 3% of the
purchase price paid to the Fund by the purchaser of the investment, or (ii) one-half of reasonable, customary and competitive
brokerage fees paid for services rendered in connection with the sale of equipment of similar size, type and location. Payment
of remarketing fees shall be subordinated until such time when investor return has been achieved.  Investor Return 
means such time when the aggregate amount of distributions to the members equals, as of any determination date, an amount equal
to a pre-tax 8.0% per annum internal rate of return compounded daily on all capital contributions of members; 

Outperformance fees depending upon the extent to which
Investor Return has been achieved. Prior to the time that Investor Return is achieved, cash distributions will be made 99.0% to
the Fund s members and 1.0% to the Manager. After the time that Investor Return is achieved, cash distributions will be
made 81.0% to the Fund s members and 19.0% to the Manager; and 

Reimbursement of operating expenses the Manager incurs
on behalf of the Fund. 

For the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Fund paid management fees to Macquarie Aircraft Leasing Services ( MALS ),
an affiliate of the Manager, for management services related to the aircraft lease for the Airbus model A320-200. The fees paid
by the Fund to MALS are 3% of gross rental receipts and are expensed as incurred and included in the Fund s Statements of
Operations. 

For the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Fund has accrued, in fees payable (related party) on the Fund s Balance Sheet,
or paid to the Manager or its affiliates the following amounts: 

(1) Amount is capitalized into the carrying value of loans receivable.   
 
      (2) Amount charged directly to operations.   
 
     (3) Amount for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
    includes $12,740 allocated to the carrying amount of loan receivables and the remaining amount charged directly to operations.  

10. EQUITY   

As of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, the Fund had 9,183,494 and 9,297,489 shares of limited liability company membership interests outstanding,
respectively (including the DRP shares and net of repurchased shares). As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the cumulative
number of shares repurchased since inception was 474,623 and 360,628, respectively. 

The Fund declared distributions
of $24,151,424 during the three months ended September 30, 2016, of which $23,547,942 was paid and $603,482 was payable as of September
30, 2016. This included $22,299,991 of special distributions which were declared after the Fund commenced its liquidation period
on July 1, 2016. 

The $24,151,424 in distributions
declared during the three months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $2.63 per share of $10.00 par value membership interest
($9.00 par value for DRP shares), of which approximately $1.14 represented a partial-liquidating distribution paid from members 
equity. 

11. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS  

The Fund is required to
disclose the fair value of financial instruments, as defined below. None of the Fund s assets and liabilities are carried
at fair value on the Fund s Balance Sheet on a recurring basis. Fair value is the price that would be received for selling
an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value
measurements are not adjusted for transaction costs. The fair value hierarchy prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used
to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets
and liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). The three levels
of the fair value hierarchy are described below: 

Level 1   Quoted prices
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for the asset or liability is a market in which transactions
for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis, generally
on a national exchange. 

Level 2   Quoted prices
for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and
model-based valuations in which all significant inputs are observable in the market. 

Level 3   Valuation
is modeled using significant inputs that are unobservable in the market. These unobservable inputs reflect the Fund s own
estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. 

A financial instrument s
level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

Non-Recurring Fair
Value Measurements   

As of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, there were no assets or liabilities measured using non-recurring fair value measurements.      

Fair Value of Financial
Instruments   

The Fund s financial
instruments, which are not carried on the Fund s Balance Sheet at fair value on a recurring basis, are carried at contracted
amounts which generally approximate fair value. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Fund s financial instruments
consisted of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, which are classified as Level 1 under the hierarchy defined above.
The Fund s participating interest   loan receivables, accrued interest receivable, other receivables, fees payable
(related party), distributions payable, other payables, and accrued interest payable, are classified as Level 3, based on the fact
that they were valued using inputs that are generally unobservable and are supported by little or no market data. The Fund uses
projected cash flows to estimate the fair value of these financial assets and liabilities. 

The fair value of
the Fund s fixed rate loan receivables was estimated by discounting the future cash flows related to the loans. The discount
rate was derived by adjusting the margin at inception for material changes in the counterparty s risk and adding the applicable
fixed rate based on the current interest rate curve. The fair value of the Fund s fixed-rate non-recourse long-term debt
was estimated by discounting the future cash flows related to the debt. The discount rate was derived by adjusting the margin
at inception for material changes in the Fund s risk and adding the applicable fixed rate based on the current interest
rate curve. The Fund s fixed rate loan receivables and long-term debt are classified as Level 3, based on the fact that
they were valued using inputs that are generally unobservable and are supported by little or no market. 

Fair value information
with respect to certain financial instruments which are not carried on the Fund s Balance Sheet at fair value is not separately
provided given that fair value disclosures of lease arrangements is not required under U.S. GAAP and the carrying value of the
Fund s other financial instruments approximates fair value due to the fact that they have short term maturities (all less
than one year) and credit risk is deemed low. 

12. COMMITMENTS AND
CONTINGENCIES  

Other than obligations
associated with investing activities or as set forth in the Fund s operating agreement, there were no contractual obligations,
commitments or contingencies as of September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015, respectively. 

13. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

In October 2016, the Fund
declared and paid a special distribution of $5,000,002 to its members. In addition, the Fund paid the distribution of $603,482
that was outstanding on the Balance Sheet as  Distributions payable  as of the end of September 30, 2016. 

In November 2016, the Fund
received repayment of $1,137,966 of the outstanding balance on its participating interest agreement with MBL UK, as described in
Note 7. 

Item 2. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

The following is a discussion
of our current financial position and results of operations. This discussion should be read together with our unaudited financial
statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as the audited financial statements
and related notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 2,
2016. This discussion should also be read in conjunction with the disclosures below regarding  Forward-Looking Statements.  

As used in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q, references to  we,   us,   our  or similar terms refer to Macquarie Equipment
Leasing Fund, LLC (the  Fund ). 

Forward-Looking
Statements  

Certain statements within
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995 ( PSLRA ). These statements are being made pursuant to the PSLRA, with the intention of obtaining
the benefits of the  safe harbor  provisions of the PSLRA, and, other than as required by law, we assume no obligation
to update or supplement such statements. Forward-looking statements are those that do not relate solely to historical fact. They
include, but are not limited to, any statement that may predict, forecast, indicate or imply future results, performance, achievements
or events. You can identify these statements by the use of words such as  may,   will,   could, 
 anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   expect,   continue,   further, 
 plan,   seek,   intend,   predict  or  project  and variations of
these words or comparable words or phrases of similar meaning. These forward-looking statements reflect our current beliefs and
expectations with respect to future events and are based on assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties and other factors
outside our control that may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. We undertake no obligation to update
publicly or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. 

Overview  

Macquarie Equipment Leasing
Fund, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, was formed on August 21, 2008 for the purpose of acquiring or originating
a diversified portfolio of equipment and equipment leases. The Fund also made investments in loans collateralized by equipment,
and other equipment-related transactions which allow it to directly or indirectly participate in the benefits and risks of equipment
ownership or usage.  

The Fund s offering
was for a total of 15,000,000 shares at a price of $10.00 per share, subject to certain reductions. The Fund also offered up to
800,000 shares pursuant to its Distribution Reinvestment Plan ( DRP ) at a public offering price of $9.00 per share.
The Manager made capital contributions to the Fund totaling $1,505,000. The Fund s fiscal year end is December 31.  

The Fund s offering
period ended on March 19, 2012 and the Fund s operating period commenced on that date. The Fund made investments in
equipment, equipment leases and other equipment-related transactions during its operating period. The Fund s liquidation
period began on July 1, 2016 and may last for up to three years. To coincide with the beginning of the Fund s liquidation
period, the Manager suspended the Fund s share redemption program. However, the Manager reserved the right to approve member
requests for redemptions in cases of death or proof of disability (as the term is defined in the Americans with Disabilities Act
of 1990, as amended). During the liquidation period, the Fund will not pursue any new equipment lease and loan investment opportunities
and will continue to manage end of lease options and investigate divestment opportunities for its portfolio. 

As of November 14, 2016,
the Fund had 9,183,494 shares of limited liability company interests outstanding (including the DRP shares and net of repurchase
of shares). 

Third Quarter Transactions  

Participating Interest
in Finance Facility   

In 2015, the Fund entered
into a participation agreement with Macquarie Bank Limited London Branch ( MBL UK ), a member of the Macquarie Group.
During the three months ended September 30, 2016 the Fund provided additional financing of $8,215,771 to participate in an existing
facility previously provided by MBL UK to a UAE information technology distribution company. The Fund s advance was paid
to MBL UK and the Fund receives principal and interest payments from MBL UK. Repayment is predicated on MBL UK receiving principal
and interest payments from the underlying counterparty. The transaction was recorded as participating interest   loan receivables
on the Fund s Balance Sheet and recognized at amortized cost. The Fund recognizes interest income using the effective interest
method. The loan is unsecured with the Fund being entitled to a pro-rata portion of MBL UK s credit insurance in the event
of a default. The Fund received repayments of $13,278,417 during the three months ended September 30, 2016, which included the
outstanding receivable as of June 30, 2016. The balance outstanding on the Fund s Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2016
was $2,703,597, of which $1,137,966 was repaid in November 2016. 

Railcar Portfolio   

In April 2016, the Fund committed
to a plan to sell its railcar portfolio and received a deposit of $250,000 from a U.S. purchaser in May 2016. The sale was completed
in July 2016 and the Fund received an additional payment of sale proceeds of $9,376,000 from the buyer. The Fund recognized a gain
on sale in July 2016. 

Bombardier CRJ 700 ER Aircraft Lease   

In March 2016, the Fund entered
into a purchase and sales agreement ( PSA ) to sell its Bombardier CRJ 700 ER aircraft. The Fund received a payment
of $7,050,000 for the sale in addition to a $250,000 deposit received in October 2015. Upon execution of the PSA, beneficial interest
in the aircraft passed to the buyer. However, the aircraft was delivered and legal title was transferred to the buyer in September
2016. The Fund recognized a gain on sale in September 2016. 

The Fund recognized additional
rental income during the three months ended September 30, 2016 due to the release of the maintenance reserves as management has
assessed that no further reimbursements are required to be paid to the lessee. In addition, the maintenance reserve balance previously
reported as restricted cash on the Fund s Balance Sheet has been included in cash and cash equivalents as of September 30,
2016. 

Racetrack Equipment   

On August 23, 2016, the
Fund signed an agreement with the lessee of its racetrack equipment which amended the original lease agreement to allow the lessee
to acquire the racetrack equipment from the Fund. This resulted in a re-classification of leases from operating and finance categories
to a sales type lease. The Fund has re-classified these assets from  Non-current assets   Leased equipment at cost,
net of accumulated depreciation  and  Current assets   Net investment in finance lease  to  Current
assets   Net investment in sales-type lease  as at September 30, 2016. The Fund has recognized a gain in August 2016
on the sale of the racetrack equipment. 

Results of Operations
for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

Net income for the three
months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $7,656,044 and $10,703,797, respectively, an increase of $6,128,246 and $6,101,015,
respectively, compared with the same periods in 2015, due to the revenue and expense movements discussed below. 

Total revenue for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 was $9,282,364, an increase of $6,100,025, due to the following movements: 

Rental income increased by $586,863, due to revenue
recognized by the Fund in relation to the release of the maintenance reserves, partially offset by a decrease in rental income
due to the sale of leased equipment as described above. 

Interest income increased by $337,587 primarily due
to $361,332 of interest income on the Fund s loan facility with a U.S. drilling company which was initially funded in January
2016. See Note 6,  Loan Receivables , in our financial statements in  Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data  in Part I, Item 1, of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a summary of the Fund s agreement with the U.S.
drilling company. 

Other income increased by $79,073 due to fees following
the sale of the Bombardier CRJ 700 ER aircraft and program development fees due under a vendor finance arrangement the Fund has
with an Australian aircraft manufacturer, See Note 2,  Significant Accounting Policies , in our financial statements
in  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  in Part I, Item 1, of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a summary
of the Fund s vendor finance program. 

Total expenses for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 was $1,626,320, a decrease of $28,221, due to the following movements: 

Other expenses increased by $268,274 due to an increase
in outperformance fees paid to the Manager which is calculated based on the distributions paid to the members during the quarter. 

The Fund recognized $128,756 in interest expense during
the three months ended September 30, 2016 on its limited recourse loan facility. See Note 8,  Long-Term Debt , in
our financial statements in  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  in Part I, Item 1, of this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q for a summary of the Fund s limited recourse loan facility. The Fund did not incur any interest expense during
the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

The Fund s depreciation expense decreased by
$371,438 due to the aforementioned sale of the Fund s railcar portfolio, Bombardier CRJ 700 ER aircraft and racetrack equipment. 

Total revenue for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 was $15,700,111, an increase of $6,169,591, due to the following movements: 

Interest income increased by $1,278,542 primarily due
to $1,036,508 of interest income on the Fund s loan facility with a U.S. drilling company which was initially funded in
January 2016. Interest income also increased due to additional drawdowns under the participation agreements with MBL UK. 

Other income increased by $121,569 primarily due to
fees following the sale of the Bombardier CRJ 700 ER aircraft and program development fees due under a vendor finance arrangement
the Fund has with an Australian aircraft manufacturer, See Note 2,  Significant Accounting Policies , in our financial
statements in  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  in Part I, Item 1, of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for a summary of the Fund s vendor finance program. 

Finance and rental income decreased by $334,949 due
to the sale of leased equipment discussed above, partially offset by revenue recognized by the Fund in relation to the release
of the maintenance reserves. 

Total expenses for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $4,996,314, an increase of $68,576, due to the following movements: 

Other expenses increased by $435,503 due to other professional
fees and the outperformance fees paid to the Manager, as described above. 

The Fund incurred interest expense of $394,098 on its
limited recourse loan facility during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. See Note 8,  Long-Term Debt , in our
financial statements in  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  in Part I, Item 1, of this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q for a summary of the Fund s limited recourse loan facility. The Fund did not incur any interest expense during
the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

The Fund s depreciation expense decreased by
$493,925 due to the sale of the Fund s railcar portfolio, Bombardier CRJ 700 ER aircraft, racetrack equipment and one GA8-TC320
Airvan aircraft. 

The increase in expenses in 2016 was also partially
offset by a one-time impairment charge of $165,556 related to the Fund s self-service checkout equipment that was recognized
during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. No such charges were recorded during the same period in 2016. 

The Fund entered its liquidation
period on July 1, 2016 and as a result, will not pursue any new equipment lease and loan investment opportunities. The Fund will
continue to manage end of lease options and investigate divestment opportunities for its portfolio. During this period, the Fund s
revenue and net income may continue to decrease as it sells assets and pays distributions to its members. 

Financial Condition  

This section discusses
the major variances in the Fund s Balance Sheet from September 30, 2016 compared to December 31, 2015. 

Total Assets     

Total assets as of September
30, 2016 was $69,273,112, a decrease of $24,934,369 since December 31, 2015, which was due to the following movements: 

Leased equipment at cost decreased by $16,267,234 due
to depreciation expense, as well as the sale of the Fund s railcar portfolio, Bombardier CRJ 700 ER aircraft and racetrack
equipment. 

Loan receivables increased by $12,507,450 due to the
Fund providing a finance facility to a U.S. drilling company in January 2016. See Note 6,  Loan Receivables , in our
financial statements in  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  in Part I, Item 1, of this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q for a summary of the Fund s agreement with the U.S. drilling company. 

Lease receivables decreased by $315,800 due to collection
of outstanding rentals during the period. 

Total Liabilities   

Total liabilities as of
September 30, 2016 was $18,013,282, a decrease of $2,950,975 since December 31, 2015, which was due to the following movements: 

Maintenance reserve payables decreased due to the release
of the maintenance reserve to income based on management s assessment that no further maintenance payments were due to the
lessee of the aforementioned Bombardier CRJ 700 ER aircraft. 

Fees payable to the Manager increased due to reimbursable
operating expenses incurred by the Manager on behalf of the Fund. Operating expenses payable to the Manager are settled annually
in December. 

Members  Equity   

Equity decreased by $21,983,394
during the nine months to $51,259,830 as of September 30, 2016, primarily due to distributions declared to members of $31,844,320,
of which $31,240,838 was paid and $603,482 was payable as of September 30, 2016. The increase in distributions compared to prior
periods is due to the Fund making additional distributions of $22,299,991 to its members in the September 2016 quarter as a result
of the commencement of the Fund s liquidation period on July 1, 2016. Additionally, 113,995 shares were redeemed (prior to
the Manager s suspension of the Fund s share redemption program) for $842,871 during the nine months ended September
30, 2016. These decreases in equity were partially offset by net income of $10,703,797 for the nine month period. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Cash Flows Summary   

The following table
sets forth summary cash flow data for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

See the Statements of Cash
Flows included in  Item 1. Financial Statements  of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information. 

As of September 30,
2016, the Fund had cash and cash equivalents of $6,848,080, an increase of $5,893,991 compared with September 30, 2015. The amount
of cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively, consisted
primarily of rentals and interest collected from equipment leases and loans.  

The cash provided by investing
activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is primarily attributable to the receipt of principal repayments on the
MBL UK finance facilities of $33,617,748 and $1,904,546 on a loan facility with a U.S. drilling company, and sale proceeds of $9,626,000
for the railcar portfolio, sale proceeds of $7,050,000 for the Bombardier CRJ 700 ER aircraft and sale proceeds of $1,275,000 for
the racetrack equipment portfolio. These cash inflows are partially offset by the origination of the loan facility with a U.S.
drilling company of $14,469,408, and additional drawdowns of MBL UK participating loans of $28,345,392. 

The cash used in investing
activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 mainly comprised additional drawdowns of MBL UK participating loans of
$29,304,991, partially offset by $22,619,796 in principal repayments on the MBL UK finance facilities. 

The cash used in financing
activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is primarily attributable to distributions to members of $31,872,559, repayment
of principal on long-term debt of $1,277,010 and share repurchases of $842,871. The cash used in financing activities for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015 comprised mainly distributions to members of $5,626,347 and share repurchases of $511,185.  

Cash and cash equivalents
include cash in banks and highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less and are held in operating
and money market accounts at Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 

Sources and Uses
of Cash   

The Fund s main activities
and main use of cash to date has been to acquire a diversified portfolio of equipment, equipment leases, loans and other equipment-related
investments which are denominated in U.S. dollars and are on lease to corporate clients around the world. The Fund entered its
liquidation period on July 1, 2016 and as a result, will no longer pursue new investments in equipment-related transactions or
make loans to new counterparties. The Fund will continue to pay distributions to its members during this period. 

As of November 14, 2016
we have used approximately $188,173,700 of the offering and equipment sale proceeds to acquire the following assets: 

Sources of Liquidity   

The last day of the Fund s
operating period was June 30, 2016 and its liquidation period began on July 1, 2016. The liquidation period is the time-frame in
which the Fund s equipment under lease will be sold in the normal course of business. During this time period, it is anticipated
that a substantial portion of the Fund s cash outflows will be for operating activities and the majority of cash inflows
will likely be from operating and investing activities. The Fund anticipates that cash generated from operating activities such
as rentals and interest received, cash generated from investing activities such as the proceeds on the sales of assets, and any
cash from debt borrowings will be sufficient to finance the Fund s liquidity requirements for the foreseeable future, including
distributions to our members, payment of management fees, equipment maintenance events, and administrative expense reimbursements.
Our ability to generate cash in the future is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, regulatory and other factors
that affect us and our lessees  businesses that are beyond our control. 

The Fund s liquidity
may be adversely affected by unanticipated or greater than anticipated operating costs or losses, including the inability of a
client of the Fund to make timely lease payments or costs associated with off lease assets or lower than expected proceeds on sale
of leased equipment or repayment of loans. The Manager has no intent to permanently fund any cash flow deficit of the Fund or provide
other financial assistance to the Fund.  

Distributions   

The Fund paid total cash
distributions of $24,155,593 and $1,884,242 to our members during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively
and cash distributions of $31,872,559 and $5,626,347 to our members during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. The increase in the amount of distributions paid during both periods reflects the ongoing payment to investors from
the proceeds of sale of equipment during the liquidation period of the Fund. 

While the Fund anticipates
making monthly cash distributions during the liquidation period where possible, it may vary the amount of, or completely suspend
making distributions at any time and without notice. 

Commitments, Contingencies
and Off-Balance Sheet Transactions   

Other than obligations
associated with our investing activities or as set forth in our operating agreement, we have no contractual obligations and commitments,
contingencies or off-balance sheet transactions as of September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015, respectively. 

Critical Accounting
Policies and Estimates  

The discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported
amounts of our assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

Accounting Policies,
Accounting Changes and Future Application of Accounting Standards  

See Note 2,  Significant
Accounting Policies , in our financial statements in  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  in Part I,
Item 1, of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for financial information and further discussions, for a summary of the Fund s
significant accounting policies, including a discussion of recently adopted and issued accounting pronouncements. 

Item 3. Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  

Although this information
is not required to be disclosed for smaller reporting companies, we believe that there have been no material changes to the disclosures
reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on March 2, 2016. 

Item 4. Controls
and Procedures  

Under the direction and
with the participation of our Manager s President and Principal Financial Officer, we evaluated our disclosure controls and
procedures (as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered
by this report. Based on that evaluation, our Manager s President and Principal Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016. The has been no change in our internal controls over financial
reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or Rule 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during the three months ended September 30,
2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER
INFORMATION  

Item 1.  Legal
Proceedings  

In the ordinary course
of conducting our business, there may be certain claims, suits and complaints filed against us. In the opinion of management, the
outcome of such matters, if any, will not have a material impact on our financial position. No material legal proceedings are currently
pending or threatened, to our knowledge, against us or against any of our assets. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

Not applicable. 

Item 2.  Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

(a) None. 

(b) None. 

(c) A summary of the share
repurchases during the quarter is as follows: 

(1)  Our operating agreement, dated June 19, 2009, and which
does not have an expiration date, allows for the repurchase of shares according to a specified repurchase formula set forth therein.
Our operating agreement limits the number of shares that can be repurchased in any one year, but there is no maximum number of
shares that may be repurchased over time. Repurchased shares may not be reissued. To coincide with the beginning of the Fund s
liquidation period on July 1, 2016, the Manager suspended the Fund s share redemption program. However, the Manager reserved
the right to approve member requests for redemptions in cases of death or proof of disability (as the term is defined in the Americans
with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended). 

Item 3.  Defaults
Upon Senior Securities  

Not applicable. 

Item 4. Mine Safety
Disclosures  

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information  

None. 

Item 6. Exhibits  

An exhibit index has been filed as part of
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q on page E-1.   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

MACQUARIE EQUIPMENT LEASING FUND, LLC   

By:   
      /S/ David Fahy   

Name:   
       David
    Fahy   

Title:   
        President
                                         of the Manager and   
                                                                                        Principal
                                             Executive
                                         Officer of Registrant    

Date: November 14, 2016  

By:   
      /S/ Brett Beldner   

Name:   
       Brett
    Beldner   

Title:   
        Principal
                                         Financial Officer of the Manager and   
                                                                                   Principal
                                         Accounting Officer of Registrant    

Date: November 14, 2016  

Exhibit Index  

Exhibit  

   Number    

    Description    

31.1*  Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of President of
the Manager and Principal Executive Officer of Registrant. 

31.2*  Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial
Officer of the Manager and Principal Accounting Officer of Registrant. 

32.1**  Section 1350 Certification of President of the Manager
and Principal Executive Officer of Registrant. 

32.2**  Section 1350 Certification of Principal Financial Officer
of the Manager and Principal Accounting Officer of Registrant. 

___________________ 

*  Filed herewith. 

**  Furnished, rather than filed herewith. 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451893_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION
OF PRESIDENT OF THE MANAGER AND  

  PRINCIPAL
EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF REGISTRANT  

  PURSUANT TO RULE
13a - 14(a) / 15d-14(a)  

I, David Fahy, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of
Macquarie Equipment Leasing Fund, LLC (the  registrant ); 

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state  a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of
the circumstances under which such  statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the  registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and
I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
  regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and
I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

By:  /s/ David Fahy  

 Name: David Fahy 

Title: President
of the Manager and 

   Principal Executive Officer of Registrant 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451893_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERT IFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER OF THE MANAGER AND  

  PRINCIPAL
ACCOUNTING OFFICER OF REGISTRANT  

  PURSUANT TO RULE
13a - 14(a) / 15d-14(a)  

I, Brett Beldner, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q
of Macquarie Equipment Leasing Fund, LLC (the  registrant ); 

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
  regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

By:  /s/ Brett Beldner  

 Name: Brett Beldner 

Title: Principal
Financial Officer of the Manager and 

   Principal Accounting Officer of Registrant 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v451893_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO  

  SECTION 906 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of
Macquarie Equipment Leasing Fund, LLC (the  Fund ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30,
2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, David Fahy,
Principal Executive Officer of the Fund, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1)
the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2)
the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations
of the Fund. 

/s/ David Fahy  

 Name: David Fahy 

 Title: President of
the Manager and 

   Principal Executive Officer of Registrant 

 Date: November 14, 2016 

A signed
original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Fund and will be retained by the Fund and furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v451893_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO  

  SECTION 906 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of
Macquarie Equipment Leasing Fund, LLC (the  Fund ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30,
2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Brett Beldner,
Principal Accounting Officer of the Fund, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1)
the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2)
the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations
of the Fund. 

/s/ Brett Beldner  

 Name: Brett Beldner 

 Title:
Principal Financial Officer of the Manager and 

   Principal Accounting Officer of Registrant 

 Date: November 14, 2016 

A signed
original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Fund and will be retained by the Fund and furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 cik0001446714-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cik0001446714-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cik0001446714-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cik0001446714-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cik0001446714-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cik0001446714-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

