<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1434737_0001551163-16-000514_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>596545</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>37049</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>42404</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>171555</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>138974</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>146579</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>3</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001551163-16-000514.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114155216
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001551163-16-000514
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		24
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sears Oil & Gas
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001434737
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				203455830
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-151300
		FILM NUMBER:		161994535

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3625 COVE POINT DRIVE
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84109
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(801) 209-0740

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3625 COVE POINT DRIVE
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84109

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001551163-16-000514.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 searsoilandgasform10q93016v2.htm

Sears Oil   Gas (Form: 10-Q, Received: 05/20/2009 16:36:50) 

UNITED STATES  
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
  Washington, D.C.  20549  
   
  Form 10-Q  

(Mark One)  
 [X] Quarterly  report  pursuant  to  Section  13  or  15(d)  of  the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934  for  the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016. 
   
 [   ]Transition  report  pursuant  to  Section  13  or  15(d)  of  the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934  for  the transition period from  
 _________________________ to _______________________. 

Commission File Number:  333-151300 
   
  SEARS OIL AND GAS CORPORATION  
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Nevada  
     
    20-3455830  

(State or other jurisdiction of 
     
   (I.R.S. Employer 
  
   incorporation or organization) 
     
   Identification No.) 

1661 Lakeview Circle 
 Ogden, Utah 84403 
 (801) 399-3632 
  (Registrant   s address and telephone number, including area code) 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X]  No [  ] 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes[  ] No [X] 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of    large accelerated filer,       accelerated filer,    and    smaller reporting company    in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer [  ] 
     
   Accelerated filer [  ] 

Non-accelerated filer [  ] 
     
   Smaller reporting company [X] 
  
   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell Company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [X]  No [  ] 
   
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer   s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. The number of shares outstanding of the issuer   s common stock, $0.001 par value (the only class of voting stock), was 181,005 on October 31, 2016. 

1 

SEARS OIL   GAS CORPORATION  
   
  INDEX  

Page  

Number  
  
   PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   3 

Item 1     Financial Statements -Unaudited 
   3 

Balance Sheets 
   F-2 
  
   Statements of Operations 
   F-3 
  
   Statements of Cash Flows 
   F-4 
  
   Notes to Financial Statements 
   F-5 

Item 2     Management   s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
   4 

Item 3     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
   7 

Item 4     Controls and Procedures 
   7 

PART II     OTHER INFORMATION 
   8 

Item 1 - Legal Proceedings 
   8 

Item 1A   Risk Factors 
   8 

Item 2     Unregistered Sales of  Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
   8 

Item 3 - Defaults upon Senior Securities 
   8 

Item 4     Mine Safety Disclosures 
   8 

Item 5 - Other Information 
   8 

Item 6     Exhibits 
   8 

Signatures 
   9 

Index to Exhibits 
   9 

2 

PART I     FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
   
 This Quarterly Report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the    Exchange Act   ).  These statements are based on management   s beliefs and assumptions, and on information currently available to management.  Forward-looking statements include the information concerning our possible or assumed future results of operations set forth under the heading    Management   s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.     Forward-looking statements also include statements in which words such as    expect,       anticipate,       intend,       plan,       believe,       estimate,       consider,    or similar expressions are used. 
   
 Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance.  They involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions.  Our future results and shareholder values may differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements.  Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements.   
   
  ITEM 1.  --  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
 As used herein, the terms    Sears Oil and Gas   ,    we,       our,    and    us    refer to Sears Oil and Gas Corporation, a Nevada corporation, unless otherwise indicated. The unaudited financial statements of registrant for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 follow. The condensed financial statements reflect all adjustments that are, in the opinion of management, necessary to a fair statement of the results for the interim periods presented.  All such adjustments are of a normal and recurring nature. 

3 

SEARS OIL AND GAS CORPORATION 
   
  INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Page(s) 
  
   Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 
   F-2 

Statements of Operations (Unaudited) 
   F-3 

Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
   F-4 

Notes to the Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
   F-5 

F-1 

F-2 

SEARS OIL   GAS, INC.  
 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 September 30, 2016 
 (Unaudited) 
   
 NOTE 1 - CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared by the Company without audit.  In the opinion of management, all adjustments (which include only normal recurring adjustments) necessary to present fairly the financial position, results of operations and cash flows at September 30, 2016 and for all periods presented have been made. 
   
 Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America have been condensed or omitted. It is suggested that these condensed financial statements be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company's December 31, 2015 audited financial statements.  The results of operations for the period ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the operating results for the full year. 
   
 NOTE 2 - GOING CONCERN 
   
 The Company   s financial statements are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America applicable to a going concern which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.  The Company has had no revenues and has generated losses from operations. The Company has not yet established an ongoing source of revenues sufficient to cover its operating costs and allow it to continue as a going concern.  The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company obtaining adequate capital to fund operating losses until it becomes profitable. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital, it could be forced to cease operations. 
   
 In order to continue as a going concern, the Company will need, among other things, additional capital resources. Management's plan is to obtain such resources for the Company by obtaining capital from management and significant shareholders sufficient to meet its minimal operating expenses and seeking equity and/or debt financing. However management cannot provide any assurances that the Company will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans. 
   
 The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to successfully accomplish the plans described in the preceding paragraph and eventually secure other sources of financing and attain profitable operations.  The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 
   
 NOTE 3     LOANS PAYABLE     RELATED PARTIES 
   
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company received loans in the amount of $26,925 from related parties of the Company.  These loans accrue interest at the rate of 12% per annum, are due on demand and are not convertible into common stock of the Company.  The balance due on loans payable to related parties was $87,858 as of September 30, 2016.   
   
 NOTE 4     ISSUANCE OF CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTES 
   
 In March 2014, the Company issued a $40,000 convertible promissory note to the sole officer and director of the Company and a $15,000 convertible promissory note to another affiliated shareholder (the    Convertible Notes   ). The Convertible Notes had a term of one year expiring March 2015, and are now payable on demand, and accrue interest at the rate of 12% per annum. The holders of the Convertible Notes, may, at their option, convert all or any portion of the outstanding principal balance of, and all accrued interest on the Convertible Notes into shares of the Company   s common stock, par value $0.001 per share, at a conversion rate of $1.00 per share.  As of September 30, 2016 the balance due on these Convertible Notes was $55,000.   

F-3 

SEARS OIL   GAS, INC.  
 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 September 30, 2016 
 (Unaudited) 
   
 During the year ended December 31, 2009, a shareholder of the Company loaned $15,000 to the Company.  The note was later assigned to two non-affiliated entities.  The Notes are accruing interest at the default rate of 23% per annum.  The two holders of these Notes, may each, at their option, convert all or any portion of the outstanding principal balance of, and all accrued interest on each Note into 1,500,000 shares of the Company   s common stock, par value $0.001 per share.  As of September 30, 2016 the balance due on these Notes was $15,000.   
   
 NOTE 5     SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
   
 The Company has evaluated subsequent events for the period of September 30, 2016 through the date the financial statements were issued, and concluded there were no other events or transactions occurring during this period that required recognition or disclosure in its financial statements.   
   
 NOTE 6 - RECLASSIFICATIONS 
   
 Certain amounts in the prior period financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. 

F-4 

Item 2.Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Plan of Operations . 
   
  FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS  
   
 This report contains forward-looking statements that involve risk and uncertainties. We use words such as  anticipate ,  believe ,  plan ,  expect ,  future ,  intend , and similar expressions to identify such forward-looking statements. Investors should be aware that all forward-looking statements contained within this filing are good faith estimates of management as of the date of this filing and actual results may differ materially from historical results or our predictions of future results. 
   
  Overview  
   
 We were incorporated on October 18, 2005, in the state of Nevada for the purpose of exploiting the opportunities that exist in the oil and gas sector. We have never declared bankruptcy, never been in receivership, and never been involved in any legal action or proceedings. Since our organization we have not made any significant purchase or sale of assets, nor have we been involved in any mergers, acquisitions or consolidations.  We have no subsidiaries and our fiscal year end is December 31st.  We have not had revenues from operations since our inception. 
   
 We are a shell company as that term is defined under federal securities laws. Our business plan is to seek to acquire assets or shares of an entity actively engaged in business that generates revenues in exchange for our securities.  We will not restrict our search to any specific business, industry, or geographical location and we may participate in a business venture of virtually any kind or nature.  This discussion of the proposed business is purposefully general and is not meant to be restrictive of our virtually unlimited discretion to search for and enter into potential business opportunities.  Management anticipates that it may be able to participate in only one potential business venture because we have nominal assets and limited financial resources.  This lack of diversification should be considered a substantial risk to our stockholders because it will not permit us to offset potential losses from one venture against gains from another. 
   
 Plan of Operations 
   
 We currently plan to investigate and, if such investigation warrants, acquire a target company or business seeking the perceived advantages of being a publicly held corporation and, to a lesser extent that desires to employ our funds in its business. Our principal business objective for the next 12 months and beyond will be to achieve long-term growth potential through a combination with a business rather than immediate, short-term earnings. We will not restrict our potential candidate target companies to any specific business, industry or geographical location and, thus, may acquire any type of business. 
   
 The analysis of new business opportunities will be undertaken by or under the supervision of Mark A. Scharmann, our sole officer and director. We have not had any conversations with potential merger or acquisition targets nor have we entered into any definitive agreement with any party.  In our efforts to analyze potential acquisition targets, we may consider the following kinds of factors: 

Potential for growth, indicated by new technology, anticipated market expansion or new products; 
     
 Competitive position as compared to other firms of similar size and experience within the industry segment as well as within the industry as a whole; 
     
 Strength and diversity of management, either in place or scheduled for recruitment; 
     
 Capital requirements and anticipated availability of required funds, to be provided by us or from operations, through the sale of additional securities, through joint ventures or similar arrangements or from other sources; 
     
 The cost of participation by us as compared to the perceived tangible and intangible values and potentials; 
     
 The extent to which the business opportunity can be advanced; 
     
 The accessibility of required management expertise, personnel, raw materials, services, professional assistance and other required items; and 
     
 Other relevant factors. 
   
 In applying the foregoing criteria, no one of which will be controlling, our management will attempt to analyze all factors and circumstances and make a determination based upon reasonable investigative measures and available data.  Potentially available business opportunities may occur in many different industries, and at various stages of development, all of which will make the task of comparative investigation and analysis of such business opportunities extremely difficult and complex. Due to the limited capital we have available for investigation, we may not discover or adequately evaluate adverse facts about the opportunity to be acquired. 
   
 The manner in which we participate in an opportunity will depend upon the nature of the opportunity, our respective needs and desires as well as those of the promoters of the opportunity, and the relative negotiating strength of ourselves and such promoters. 
   
 It is likely that we will acquire our participation in a business opportunity through the issuance of common stock or other securities. Although the terms of any such transaction cannot be predicted, it should be noted that in certain circumstances the criteria for determining whether or not an acquisition is a so-called  tax free  reorganization under Section 368(a)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ), depends upon the issuance to the stockholders of the acquired company of at least 80% of the common stock of the combined entities immediately following the reorganization. If a transaction were structured to take advantage of these provisions rather than other  tax free  provisions provided under the Code, all prior stockholders would in such circumstances retain 20% or less of the total issued and outstanding shares. Under other circumstances, depending upon the relative negotiating strength of the parties, prior stockholders may retain substantially less than 10% of the total issued and outstanding shares. This could result in substantial additional dilution to the equity of those who were our stockholders prior to such reorganization. 
   
 Our present stockholders will likely not have control of a majority of our voting shares following a reorganization transaction. As part of such a transaction, our current director may resign and new directors may be appointed without any vote by stockholders. 
   
 In the case of an acquisition, the transaction may be accomplished upon the sole determination of our management without any vote or approval by stockholders. In the case of a statutory merger or consolidation directly involving our company, it will likely be necessary to call a stockholders' meeting and obtain the approval of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares. The necessity to obtain such stockholder approval may result in delay and additional expense in the consummation of any proposed transaction and will also give rise to certain appraisal rights to dissenting stockholders. Most likely, management will seek to structure any such transaction so as not to require stockholder approval if possible. 
   
 It is anticipated that the investigation of specific business opportunities and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial cost for accountants, attorneys and others. If a decision is made not to participate in a specific business opportunity, the costs theretofore incurred in the related investigation would not be recoverable. Furthermore, even if an agreement is reached for the participation in a specific business opportunity, the failure to consummate that transaction may result in our loss of the related costs incurred. 
   
 During the nine month period ending September 30, 2016 we had only minimal expenses, which mainly consisted of filing fees and expenses associated with our ongoing public reporting expenses, legal fees and minimal fees associated with searching out potential merger or acquisition targets.  
   
 We do not currently engage in any business activities that provide us with positive cash flows. As such, the costs of investigating and analyzing business combinations for the next approximately 12 months and beyond will be paid with our current cash and if necessary, with additional funds raised through other sources, which may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. 
   
 Our principal executive office is currently located at the home of Mark A. Scharmann, our sole officer and director, and is provided to us free of charge as well as all related office equipment and communication lines.  During the next 12 months we anticipate incurring costs related to: 

filing of our quarterly, annual and other reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including legal, accounting and filing fees, and 
   
 costs relating to consummating an acquisition. 
   
 We do not believe that we will be able to meet these costs with our current cash on hand and will require additional debt or equity funding in order to maintain operations. 

Results of Operation  
   
  Three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  
   
 For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company had no revenue. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred $3,556 of selling, general and administrative expenses compared to $7,454 for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred $29,376 of selling, general and administrative expenses compared to $28,356 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  Such expenses consist primarily of legal and accounting fees as well as annual fees required to maintain the Company   s corporate status.  For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred $7,357 of interest expense on notes payable compared to $6,063 for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred $21,003 of interest expense on notes payable compared to $16,197 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  The increase in interest expense is due to the increase in related party loans during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.   
   
 As a result of the foregoing, the Company incurred a loss of $10,913 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a loss of $13,517 for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred a loss of $50,379 compared to a loss of $44,553 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.   
   
  Liquidity  
   
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company had $2,330 of cash and negative working capital of $240,009.  This compares with cash of $1,119 and negative working capital of $189,630 as of December 31, 2015. 
   
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company used cash of $25,714 in operations consisting of the loss of $50,379 which was offset by changes in accounts payable and accrued interest of $18,161 and changes in accrued interest due to related parties of $6,504.  This compares with $32,949 used in operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 consisting of the loss of $44,553 which was offset by changes in accounts payable and accrued interest of $4,333 and changes in accrued interest due to related parties of $7,271. 
   
 There were no investing activities during either the nine months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. 
   
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, financing activities provided $26,925 to the Company which consisted of proceeds from loans payable to related parties.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, financing activities provided $38,492 to the Company which consisted of proceeds from loans payable to related parties of $39,288 and payments on loans payable to related parties of $796.     
   
 As a result of the foregoing, there was a net increase in cash of $1,211 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from the cash on hand as of December 31, 2015.   
   
 From the date of inception (October 18th, 2005) to September 30, 2016 the Company has recorded a net loss of $342,009 most of which were expenses relating to the initial development of the Company and maintaining reporting company status with the SEC over the past 10 years.  In order to survive as a going concern, the Company will require additional capital investments or borrowed funds to meet cash flow projections and carry forward our business objectives. There can be no guarantee or assurance that we can raise adequate capital from outside sources to fund the proposed business. Failure to secure additional financing would result in business failure and a complete loss of any investment made into the Company. 
   
 Our ability to continue as a going concern in the next 12 months depends on our ability to obtain sources of capital to fund our continuing operations and to seek out potential merger and acquisition partners. As of September 30, 2016, our remaining cash balance is not sufficient to cover our current liabilities, obligations and working capital needs for the balance of 2016. We will continue to rely on loans from management and/or affiliated shareholders or we may raise additional capital through an interim financing to meet our general cash flow requirements until such time as we are able to complete the acquisition of an operating company.  There are no assurances, however, that we will be able raise the necessary additional capital, in which event we may be required to consider a premature reverse merger or business combination upon terms which may not be as favorable to our stockholders as a transaction in the future. 
   
  Employees  

4 

There were no employees of the Company, excluding the current President and Director, Mark A. Scharmann and the Company does not anticipate hiring any additional employees within the next twelve months.  No compensation has been paid to Mr. Scharmann.   
   
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  
   
 The Company did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that had or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on the Company's financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. The term  off-balance sheet arrangement  generally means any transaction, agreement or other contractual arrangement to which an entity unconsolidated with the Company is a party, under which the Company has (i) any obligation arising under a guarantee contract, derivative instrument or variable interest; or (ii) a retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to such entity or similar arrangement that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support for such assets. 
   
  Item 3.Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.  
   
 We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 
   
  Item 4.Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
   
 The Securities and Exchange Commission defines the term    disclosure controls and procedures    to mean a Company's controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods  

5 

specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission   s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to the issuer   s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  The Company maintains such a system of controls and procedures in an effort to ensure that all information which it is required to disclose in the reports it files under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified under the SEC's rules and forms and that information required to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to principal executive and principal financial officers to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure.  
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures.  Based on this evaluation, the chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving the objectives of timely alerting them to material information required to be included in the Company   s periodic SEC reports and of ensuring that such information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified.  The Company   s chief executive officer and chief financial officer also concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of the end of the period covered by this report to provide reasonable assurance of the achievement of these objectives.   
  Changes in Internal Controls.  
   
 There were no significant changes in the Company's internal controls or, to the Company's knowledge, in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the date of their evaluation. 
   
  PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  
   
  Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
   
 The Company is not a party to any pending legal proceedings, and no such proceedings are known to be contemplated. 
   
 No director, officer, or affiliate of the Company and no owner of record or beneficial owner of more than 5.0% of the securities of the Company, or any associate of any such director, officer or security holder is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse to the Company in reference to pending litigation. 
   
  Item 1A. Risk Factors  
   
 This item is not applicable to smaller reporting companies.   
   
   Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
  None. 
   
  Item 3.DefaultsUpon Senior Securities  
 None. 
   
  Item 4.Mine Safety Disclosures  
 None. 
   
  Item 5.Other Information  
 None. 
   
  Item 6.Exhibits  
 Exhibits required to be attached by Item 601 of Regulation S-K are listed in the Index to Exhibits for this Form 10-Q, and are incorporated herein by this reference. 

Signature  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: November 14, 2016 
 Sears Oil   Gas Corporation 
   
  By: /s/ Mark A. Scharmann                                 
   
 Mark A. Scharmann, President, Chief Executive Officer, 
 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer  

Exhibit No.  
     
    Description  

31.1 
     
   Certification of the Principal Executive and Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  
   32.1 
     
   Certification of the Principal Executive and Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101. INS 
 XBRL Instance Document      
 101. PRE 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase      
 101. LAB 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase      
 101. DEF 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase      
 101. CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase      
 101. SCH 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema      
 * 
 Incorporated by reference from previous filings of the Company. 
       
 Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, these interactive data files are deemed    furnished    and not    filed    or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Section 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, or deemed    furnished    and not    filed    for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 

6 

<EX-31>
 2
 certificatio1.htm

Converted by EDGARwiz 

CERTIFICATION  
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
   
      In connection with the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Sears Oil   Gas Corporation (the  Company ) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, the undersigned, in the capacity and date indicated below, hereby certifies that: 
   
      1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Sears Oil   Gas Corporation; 
   
      2. Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report; 
   
      3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this amended quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report; 
   
      4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
   
      (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared; 
   
      (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
   
      (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed in this report any change in the Company's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company's most recent fiscal quarter (the Company's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting; and 
   
       5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company's auditors and the audit committee of Company's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
   
      (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably  likely to adversely affect the Company's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
   
      (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
   
 Date:    November 14, 2016      By: /s/ Mark A. Scharmann                                 
                                                   Mark A. Scharmann, President, Chief Executive Officer, 
                                                   Principal Executive and Accounting Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 certification.htm

Converted by EDGARwiz 

CERTIFICATION  
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
   
      I, Mark A. Scharmann, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Sears Oil   Gas Corporation (the  Company ) certify that: 
   
      1. I have reviewed the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Sears Oil   Gas Corporation; 
   
      2. Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report; and 
   
      3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this amended quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the period presented in this amended quarterly report. 
   
 Date:  November 14, 2016 

/s/ Mark A. Scharmann 
 __________________ 
 Mark A. Scharmann, 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 Principal Executive and Accounting Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 soag-20160930.xml

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 soag-20160930.xsd

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 soag-20160930_cal.xml

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 soag-20160930_def.xml

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 soag-20160930_lab.xml

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 soag-20160930_pre.xml

</EX-101.PRE>

