<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1597892_0001144204-16-133532_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3699698</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>93424</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>233734</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>942418</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1575491</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>773458</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>42</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-133532.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114061338
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-133532
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		70
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			JRSIS HEALTH CARE Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001597892
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-HOSPITALS [8060]
		IRS NUMBER:				464562047
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36758
		FILM NUMBER:		161990143

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ST-7TH FLOOR, INDUSTRIAL AND COMMERCIAL
		STREET 2:		XINGFU STREET, HULAN TOWN, HULAN DISTRIC
		CITY:			HARBIN CITY
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			150025
		BUSINESS PHONE:		86 13510016379

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ST-7TH FLOOR, INDUSTRIAL AND COMMERCIAL
		STREET 2:		XINGFU STREET, HULAN TOWN, HULAN DISTRIC
		CITY:			HARBIN CITY
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			150025

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-133532.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v452361_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, D. C.  20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One) 

For the quarterly
period ended September 30, 2016  

or  

For the transition
period           from to   

Commission File
Number:  333-194359   

JRSIS
HEALTH CARE CORPORATION.    

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Florida  
       
      8099  
       
      46-4562047   
 
     (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation 
or organization) 
       
     (Primary Standard Industrial Classification 
Code Number) 

(I. R. S.  Employer 
         Identification Number)   

1   st  
  7   th   Floor, Industrial and Commercial Bank Building,  

  Xingfu Street, Hulan Town, Hulan District,
Harbin City,  

  Heilongjiang Province, China 150025 

(Address, including zip code, and telephone
number, including area code, 

 of Registrant s principal executive
offices) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes  x      No     

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File
required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes  x      No     

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company.  See the definition of  large accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act.  (Check one): 

Large Accelerated Filer 
      o  
     Accelerated Filer 
      o   

Non-accelerated Filer 
      o      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
     Smaller reporting company 
     Yes   x   

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes         No  x  

Indicate the number
of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.  

As
of the date of filing of this report, there were outstanding 13,915,000 shares of the issuer s common stock, par value $0.001
per share.  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page  
 
       PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
     3  

Item 1 
      Consolidated Financial Statements  
     F1-17  

Item 2 
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     4  

Item 3 
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     12  

Item 4 
      Controls and Procedures  
     12  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   
     13  

Item 1 
      Legal Proceedings  
     13  

Item 1A 
      Risk Factors  
     13  

Item 2 
      Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     13  

Item 3 
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
     13  

Item 4 
      Other Information  
     13  

Item 5 
      Exhibits  
     13  

Signatures  
     14  

2   

PART
I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM
1.       CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

The accompanying
unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Item Regulation
S-X, Rule 10-01(c) Interim Financial Statements, and, therefore, do not include all information and footnotes necessary for a complete
presentation of financial position, results of operations, cash flows, and stockholders' equity in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles.  In the opinion of management, all adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation of the results
of operations and financial position have been included and all such adjustments are of a normal recurring nature.  Operating results
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, are not necessarily indicative of the results that can be expected for the year ended
December 31, 2016.  

3   

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION  

  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

  (AMOUNTS IN USD, EXCEPT SHARES)  

See notes to consolidated financial statements  

JRSIS HEALTH
CARE CORPORATION  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  

  (AMOUNTS IN USD, EXCEPT SHARES) (UNAUDITED)  

See notes to consolidated financial statements  

JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (AMOUNTS IN USD, EXCEPT SHARES) (UNAUDITED)  

See notes to consolidated financial
statements  

JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (AMOUNTS IN USD)  

NOTE 1.  DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND ORGANIZATION  

JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION (the  Company 
or  JHCC ) was incorporated on November 20, 2013, under the laws of the United States and the State of Florida.  The
general nature of the business shall be to engage in any and all lawful business permitted under the laws of the United States
and the State of Florida.  

JRSIS HEALTH CARE LIMITED ( JHCL ),
formally named China Runteng Medical Group Co., Ltd, which is a privately held Limited Liability Company registered in British
Virgin Island ( BVI ) on February 25, 2013.  JHCL was authorized to issue 50,000 shares of a single class each with
par value of $1.00 per share to its sole shareholder Ms.  Yanhua Xing.  On November 20, 2013, China Runteng Medical Group Co., Ltd
has changed its name to JRSIS HEALTH CARE LIMITED.  

Runteng Medical Group Co., Ltd ( Runteng )
is a privately held limited liability company registered in Hong Kong on September 17, 2012.  Runteng was authorized to issue up
to 10,000 shares with par value of HK$1 per share to its sole shareholder Ms.  Yanhua Xing.  

Harbin Jiarun Hospital Co., Ltd ( Jiarun )
was a privately held, for-profit hospital, incorporated in Harbin city of Heilongjiang, China in February 2006.  Jiarun is a private
hospital serving patients on a municipal and county level and providing both Western and Chinese medical practices to the residents
of Harbin.  After a series of share exchanges mentioned here after in note 1, Jiarun became a 70% owned subsidiary of the Company.  

JHCC, JHCL, Runteng and Jiarun are collectively
referred as the  Group .  

Reorganization   

On December 23, 2012, in accordance
with the  Foreign Investment Enterprise Law  under the People s Republic of China ( PRC ),
Runteng and Jiarun entered into an agreement that Runteng and the original owner of Jiarun should invest a total of
RMB50,000,000 ($7,496,005), in which Runteng and the original owner should contribute RMB35,000,000 ($5,247,203) or 70% and
RMB15,000,000 ($2,248,801) or 30% of the total capital, respectively.  According to the Article of Association (Joint venture
investment agreement) and the amendment of Article of Association (Joint venture investment agreement), Runteng has the
obligation to pay RMB35,000,000 ($5,247,203) within five years after the issuance of the joint venture business license.  As
of June 30, 2016, Jiarun has received $1,081,000 from Runteng.  

On March 7, 2013, JHCL acquired all 100
issued and outstanding shares of through share exchanges to obtain 100% controlling interests of Runteng.  

On June 1, 2013, Junsheng Zhang, the owner
of Jiarun, entered into a supplemental agreement with Runteng for the attribution of accumulated retained earnings of Jiarun.  In
which, the historical accumulated profit of Jiarun up to June 30, 2013, should be 100% attributed to Junsheng Zhang; the profit
generated from Jiarun after July 1, 2013 should be attributed to Runteng and Junsheng Zhang on the basis of 70% and 30%, respectively.  

On July 29, 2013, the Joint Venture Investment
Agreement between Runteng and Junsheng Zhang has been approved by the Development and Reform Commission of Hulan District, Harbin
City and Harbin Investment Promotion Bureau.  On the same date, Jiarun has obtained Certificate of Approval for Establishment of
Enterprises with Investment of Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macao and Overseas Chinese in the People s Republic of China; the Joint
Venture Jiarun duration of operation is twenty years.  

JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (AMOUNTS IN USD)  

NOTE 1.  DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND ORGANIZATION (CONTINUED)  

On October 3, 2013, Ms.  Yanhua Xing transferred
23,275 JHCL shares to Mr.  Junsheng Zhang, 23,225 JHCL shares to Ms.  Chunlan Tang, and 1,050 JHCL shares to Mr.  Weiguang Song.  

On November 8, 2013, Ms.  Chunlan Tang transferred
all 23,225 JHCL shares to Mr.  Junsheng Zhang, subsequently making Mr.  Junsheng Zhang holdings 46,500 JHCL shares.  

On December 20, 2013, a share exchange
agreement was entered by and among JHCC, JHCL and the shareholders of JHCL, Junsheng Zhang, Yanhua Xing and Weiguang Song.  JHCC
desires to issue a total of 12,000,000 shares of its Common Stock (the  JHCC Shares ) to the Shareholders of JHCC,
pro rata, in exchange for 100% of the JHCL Shares owned by the Shareholders.  At the Closing, the Shareholders shall allot and deliver
to JHCC a total of 50,000 shares of the ordinary share of JHCL which represents 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of JHCL.
JHCL shall become a wholly-owned subsidiary of JHCC, and JHCC will effectively acquire all business and assets of JHCL as now or
hereafter existing, including all business and assets of any and all subsidiaries of JHCL, including 70% ownership interest in
Jiarun.  

On July 8, 2014, Jiarun obtained joint
venture business license.  Runteng has already completed cooperation restructuring.  Up to completion of the legal structures, Jiarun
are compliance with the Company Law of People s Republic of China and all other requirements imposed by PRC authorities.  

Before and after the reorganization mentioned
above, Junsheng Zhang continued to serve as chairman of Jiarun (the  Operating Subsidiary ), and together with the
other management of the Company, continued to direct both day-to-day operation and management of the Operating Subsidiary, as well
as its strategic direction.  The reorganization effectively resulted in Junsheng Zhang continuing to bear the residual risks and
rewards related to the Operating Subsidiary.  Because of the reasons described above, the Company is substantively controlled by
Junsheng Zhang, and the Company continued to consolidate the Operating subsidiary during the reorganization.  And the reorganization
transactions are considered as a series of transactions between the parties under common control and did not establish a new basis
in the assets and liabilities of the Operating Subsidiary.  

During the reorganization, JHCC, JHCL,
Runteng and Jiarun were under common control of Junsheng Zhang.  Therefore, the reorganization was effectively a legal recapitalization
accounted for as transactions between entities under common control at the carry over basis, in a manner similar to pooling-of-interests
accounting.  The effect of the reorganization was applied retroactively to the prior years  consolidated financial statements
as if the current structure existed since inception.  

30% of Jiarun hospital interest held by
Junsheng Zhang is subjecting to non-controlling interest ( NCIs ), which was stated under ASC810-10-45, the ownership
interest in the subsidiary that are held by owners other than the parent is a non-controlling interest.  70% held by Runteng is
applying to its holding Runteng.  According to the supplemental agreement signed between Junsheng Zhang and Runteng on June 1, 2013,
the comprehensive income from Jiarun would be attributable to retained earnings and non-controlling interest for 70% and 30% respectively,
from July 1, 2013.  

NOTE 2.  SUMMARIES OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

A.     Basis of presentation  

The consolidated financial statements have
been prepared in accordance with the United States generally accepted accounting principles ( U. S.  GAAP ).  

B.     Principles of consolidation  

The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries.  All inter-company transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.
Non-controlling interests represent the equity interest in Jiarun that is not attributable to the Company.  Non-controlling interest
is reported in the consolidated financial position within equity, separately from the Company s equity and that net income
or loss and comprehensive income or loss are attributable to the Company s and the non-controlling interest.  

JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (AMOUNTS IN USD)  

C.     Use of estimates    

The preparation of unaudited consolidated
financial statements in conformity with U. S.  GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements,
and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods.  Management makes these estimates using the best
information available at the time the estimates are made; however actual results could differ from those estimates.  Significant
items subject to such estimates and assumptions include valuation allowances for receivables and recoverability of carrying amount
and the estimated useful lives of long-lived assets.  These estimates are often based on complex judgments and assumptions that
management believes to be reasonable but are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. Actual results could differ from these
estimates.  

D.     Functional currency and foreign currency translation    

JHCC and JHCL s functional currency is the United States
dollar ( US$ ).  Runteng s functional currency is the Hong Kong dollar ( HK$ ).  The functional currency
of Jiarun is the Renminbi ( RMB ).  

The Company s reporting currency is US$.  Assets and liabilities
of Runteng and Jiarun are translated at the current exchange rate at the balance sheet dates, revenues and expenses are translated
at the average exchange rates during the reporting periods, and equity accounts are translated at historical rates.  Translation
adjustments are reported in other comprehensive income.  

E.     Concentration of Credit Risk    

Financial instruments that potentially
subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk are cash, accounts receivable and other receivables arising from its normal
business activities.  The Company places its cash in what it believes to be credit-worthy financial institutions.  The Company has
a diversified customer base.  The majority of sales are either cash receipt in advance or cash receipt upon delivery.  For the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, no customer accounted for more than 10% of net revenue.  As of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, 2 and 1 customer accounted for more than 10% of net accounts receivable, respectively.  For those credit sales,
the Company routinely assesses the financial strength of its customers and, based upon factors surrounding the credit risk, establishes
an allowance, if required, for uncollectible accounts and, as a consequence, believes that its accounts receivable credit risk
exposure beyond such allowance is limited.  

F.     Cash and cash equivalents    

Cash and cash equivalents include all cash,
deposits in banks and other liquid investments with initial maturities of three months or less.  

G.     Accounts receivable    

Accounts receivable are recorded at net
realizable value consisting of the carrying amount less an allowance for uncollectible accounts as needed.  The allowance for doubtful
accounts is the Company s best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in the Company s existing accounts
receivable.  The Company determines the allowance based on aging data, historical collection experience, customer specific facts
and economic conditions.  Account balances are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted
and the potential for recovery is considered remote.  

H.     Inventories    

Inventories, consisting principally of
medicines, are stated at the lower of cost or market using the first-in, first-out method ( FIFO ).  This policy requires
the Company to make estimates regarding the market value of inventory, including an assessment of excess or obsolete inventory.
The Company determines excess or obsolete inventory based on an estimate of the future demand and estimated selling prices for
its products.  

I.     Construction in progress    

Construction in progress represents the
new hospital painting and decoration costs.  And all direct costs relating to the polishing and decoration are capitalized as construction
in progress.  No depreciation is provided in respect of construction in progress.  

JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (AMOUNTS IN USD)  

J.     Property and equipment  

Property and equipment are stated at cost.
Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to operations when incurred, while additions and betterments are capitalized.
Depreciation is recorded on a straight-line basis reflective of the useful lives of the assets.  When assets are retired or disposed,
the asset s original cost and related accumulated depreciation are eliminated from accounts and any gain or loss is reflected
in income.  

K.     Leases  

Operating lease  

Leases where substantially all the rewards
and risks of ownership of assets remain with the lessor are accounted for as operating leases.  Minimum lease payments, including
scheduled rent increases, made under operating leases are charged to the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive
income (loss) on a straight-line basis over the lease term.  Contingent rentals are excluded from minimum lease payments, and are
recognized as expense when the achievement of the specified target is considered probable.  

Capital lease  

Leases which substantially transfer all
of the benefits and risks inherent in ownership to the lessee are classified as capital leases.  In a capital lease, assets and
liabilities are recorded at the amount of the lesser of (a) the fair value of the leased asset at the inception of the lease or
(b) the present value of the minimum lease payments (excluding executing costs) over the lease term.  Recorded assets are depreciated
over their estimated useful lives.  During the lease term, each minimum lease payment is allocated between a reduction of the obligation
and interest expense to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the obligation.  Leasehold improvements
are depreciated over the depreciable lives of the corresponding fixed asset or the related lease term, whichever is shorter.  

L.     Fair Value Measurement  

The Company applies the provisions of ASC
Subtopic 820-10, Fair Value Measurements, for fair value measurements of financial assets and financial liabilities and for fair
value measurements of nonfinancial items that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements.  ASC 820 also
establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures about fair value measurements.  

Fair value is defined as the price that
would be received when selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at
the measurement date.  In determining the fair value for the assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded, the Company
considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact and it considers assumptions that market participants
would use when pricing the asset or liability.  

ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy
that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair
value.  ASC 820 establishes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value.  The hierarchy gives the highest priority
to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority
to measurements involving significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements).  The three levels of the fair value hierarchy
are as follows: 

Level 1: Unadjusted quoted prices
in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities; 

 Level 2: Quoted prices in markets
that are not active, or inputs that is observable, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset
or liability; 

 Level 3: Prices or valuation
techniques that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable (supported by little or
no market activity).  

There were no transfers between level 1, level 2 or level 3
measurements for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

Cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable,
accounts payable and accrued liabilities are reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements at amounts that approximate
fair value because of the short-term nature of these instruments.  The fair value of the Company s capital lease obligations
also approximate carrying value as they bear interest at current market rates.  

M.     Segment and geographic information     

The Company is operating in one segment
in accordance with the accounting guidance FASB ASC topic 280,  Segment Reporting .  The Company s revenues are
from customers in People s Republic of China ( PRC ).  All assets of the Company are located in PRC.  

JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (AMOUNTS IN USD)  

N.     Revenue recognition    

The Company recognizes revenue when the
amount of revenue can be reliably measured, it is probable that economic benefits will flow to the entity and specific criteria
have been met for each of the Company s activities as described below.  

Medicine sales   

Revenue from the sale of medicine is recognized
when it is both earned and realized.  The Company s policy is to recognize the sale of medicine when the title of the medicine,
ownership and risk of loss have transferred to the purchasers, and collection of the sales proceeds is reasonably assured, all
of which generally occur when the patient receives the medicine.  

Given the nature of this revenue source
of the Company s business and the applicable rules guiding revenue recognition, the revenue recognition practices for the
sale of medicine do not contain estimates that materially affect results of operations nor any policy for return of products.  

Patient Services   

In accordance with the medical licenses
of Jiarun, the approved medical patient service scope of the Company includes medical consulting, surgery, obstetrics and gynecology,
pediatrics, anesthesia, clinic laboratory, medical imaging, and traditional Chinese medicine, etc.  

Patient service revenue is recognized when
it is both earned and realized.  The Company s policy is to recognize patient service revenue when the medical service has
been provided to the patient and collection of the revenue is reasonably assured.  

The Company provides services to both patients
covered by social insurance and patients who are not covered by social insurance.  The Company charges the same rates for patient
services regardless of the coverage by social insurance.  

Patients who are not covered by social
insurance are liable for the total cost of medical treatment.  

For out-patient medical services, revenue is recognized when the Company provides medical service
to the patient.  The Company collects payment when the patient checks out from the hospital, which is the same day the services
are provided.    

For in-patient medical services, the Company estimates the approximate fee the patients will spend
in the hospital based on patients  symptom.  This is when the patients check in to the hospital.  At that time, the Company
collects the estimated fees from the patient and records the payment as deposits received.    

During the in-patient services period,
the Company recognizes revenue when the patient service is provided and deducts the cost of service from the deposit received.
The Company records these transactions based on daily reports generated by the respective medical department.  When medical services
exceed patient deposits received the Company records revenue and accounts receivable when the patient services are provided.  

When patients check out from the hospital,
the Company calculates and determines the remaining deposit, if any, and refunds the unused portion of the deposit to the patients.
In the case where the patients have a balance in accounts receivable during the in-patient period, accounts receivable are required
to be paid in full at checkout.  

Patients covered by social insurance will
receive a portion or full medical services reimbursed or paid by the social insurance agencies via prepaid cards or insurance claim
settlement process.  

Settlement process   

The Company is a registered medical service
vendor under the state social insurance system for various social insurance agencies; the insurance agencies include  Social
Medical Insurance funded by PRC and Heilongjiang Province  and  Heilongjiang Province New Rural Cooperative Medical
Care System .  The Company utilizes an online system maintained by the social insurance agencies for patients  who are
covered by social insurance agencies.  

JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (AMOUNTS IN USD)  

N.     Revenue recognition(continued)    

The Company records patients  information in the social insurance system at check in.  The
system determines the covered portion and amounts based on the information input to the system.    

At the time of check out, the Company collects payment for services the patients are liable for
and records accounts receivable from the social insurance agencies for the portion of services covered by the social insurances.
In the case that the patients have made payment during the in-patient services period, the Company refunds any amount in excess
of the portion they are liable for.    

The Company is responsible for submitting supporting documents of patient services provided to
the social insurance agencies for their review.  The Company also requires reconciling its records with the social insurance agencies
once a month.  Once the social insurance agencies approve the reconciliation, the insurance agencies will settle the accounts receivable
balance in the next month following the approval.    

O.     Income taxes    

The Company adopts FASB ASC Topic 740,
 Income Taxes,  which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences
of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns.  Under this method, deferred income taxes are recognized
for the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting
amounts at each period end based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences
are expected to affect taxable income.  Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the
amount expected to be realized.  

In July 2006, the FASB issued FIN 48(ASC
740-10), Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes-An Interpretation of FASB Statement No.  109 (ASC 740), which requires income
tax positions to meet a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold to be recognized in the financial statements.  Under FIN 48(ASC
740-10), tax positions that previously failed to meet the more-likely-than-not threshold should be recognized in the first subsequent
financial reporting period in which that threshold is met.  Previously recognized tax positions that no longer meet the more-likely-than-not
threshold should be derecognized in the first subsequent financial reporting period in which that threshold is no longer met.  

The application of tax laws and regulations
is subject to legal and factual interpretation, judgment and uncertainty.  Tax laws and regulations themselves are subject to change
as a result of changes in fiscal policy, changes in legislation, the evolution of regulations and court rulings.  Therefore, the
actual liability may be materially different from our estimates, which could result in the need to record additional tax liabilities
or potentially reverse previously recorded tax liabilities or deferred tax asset valuation allowance.  

As a result of the implementation of FIN
48 (ASC 740-10), the Company made a comprehensive review of its portfolio of tax positions in accordance with recognition standards
established by FIN 48 (ASC 740-10).  The Company recognized no material adjustments to liabilities or shareholder s equity
as a result of the implementation.  The adoption of FIN 48 did not have a material impact on the Company s unaudited consolidated
financial statements.  

Enterprise income tax is defined under
the Provisional Regulations of PRC Concerning Income Tax on Enterprises promulgated by the PRC, income tax is payable by enterprises
at a rate of 25% of their taxable income.  

Jiarun s medical services have been
exempt from enterprise income tax since March 1, 2006, which has been approved by the Local Taxation Bureau.  

Jiarun was incorporated in accordance with
the law of medical and health institutions, mainly provide medical services, with the  PRC Business Tax Tentative Regulations 
Article 8 (3) medical service income tax-free provisions (hospital, clinics and other medical institutions to provide medical services
shall be exempt from business tax).  The Company s medical services have been exempted from business tax since March 1, 2006.  

In considering the achievement of the hospital,
it could not have been done without the support of local authorities, Jiarun hospital has voluntarily paid income tax of $3,172
and $1,699 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively to support the local tax bureau s economical
obligations.  

JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (AMOUNTS IN USD)  

P.     Earnings per share    

Basic earnings per common share is computed
by using net income divided by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the periods presented.  Diluted
earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock, common stock equivalents
and potentially dilutive securities outstanding for the periods presented.  

Q.     Recently accounting pronouncements     

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU
2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), aimed at making leasing activities more transparent and comparable.  The new standard requires
substantially all leases be recognized by lessees on their balance sheet as a right-of-use asset and corresponding lease
liability, including today s operating leases.  For public business entities, the standard is effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years.  For all other entities, the
standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim periods within fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2020.  Early application is permitted for all entities.  The Company is currently evaluating the
impact of the adoption of this guidance on its consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  

In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.  2016-08, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations
(Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net).  The amendment in this update affect entities with transactions included within the scope
of Topic 606, The scope of that Topic includes entities that enter into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services
(that are an output of the entity s ordinary activities) in exchange for consideration.  The amendments are intended to improve
the operability and understandability of the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations.  In April 2016, the
FASB issued ASU No.  2016-10, The amendments in ASU 2016-10 provide more detailed guidance, including additional implementation
guidance and examples in the following key areas: 1) identifying performance obligations and 2) licenses of intellectual property.
In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.  2016-12 a proposed Update, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope
Improvements and Practical Expedients, on September 30, 2015.  The amendments do not change the core principles of the standard,
but clarify the guidance on assessing collectability, presenting sales taxes, measuring noncash consideration and certain transition
matters.  This update becomes effective concurrently with ASU No.  2014-09.  The Company is currently evaluating the effect of this
new standard, including the transition method, to determine the impact on the Company's consolidated financial position, results
of operations, cash flows, or related disclosures.  

In October 2016, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No.  2016-16,  Income Taxes     Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory  (ASU
2016-16).  The standard is intended to address diversity in practice and complexity in financial reporting, particularly for intra-entity
transfers of intellectual property. ASU 2016-16 will be effective for the Company beginning with the interim periods of fiscal
2018 and requires the modified retrospective method of adoption.  Early adoption is permitted.  The Company is in the process
of determining timing of adoption and assessing the impact of ASU 2016-16 on its consolidated financial statements.  

We do not believe other recently issued
but not yet effective accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the consolidated financial position,
statements of operations and cash flows.  

JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (AMOUNTS IN USD)  

NOTE 3.  Accounts Receivable, Net  

The Company experienced nil bad debts during nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

NOTE 4.  Inventories  

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, inventories consist
of the following: 

NOTE 5.  Prepayment  

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 prepayment consists
of the following: 

NOTE 6.  Property and Equipment  

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, property and equipment,
at cost, consist of: 

The Company recorded depreciation expense
of $779,321 and $629,927 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and $282,302 and $230,606 for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (AMOUNTS IN USD)  

NOTE 7.  Long term deferred expenses  

On May 7, 2015, July 3, 2015 and October
16, 2015, Jiarun entered into three lease agreements to lease medical equipment from Hair Finance Leasing(China) Co., Ltd.  ( Hair ),
a third party, for a five-year period, in which Jiarun is required to pay a consulting fee to Hair for the services provided over
the five years.  The consulting fee paid but attributable to the current and subsequent accounting periods was accounted for as
deferred expenses and long term deferred expenses.  The current portion of the prepaid consulting fee was recorded as deferred expenses
$67,641 and $63,034 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  The long-term deferred expenses were $188,365 and $252,138
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

The Company recorded the consulting fee
of $51,425 and $12,764 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and $16,912 and $7,923 for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

NOTE 8.  Capital Lease Obligations and Deposit for Capital
Leases  

On June 5, 2013, Jiarun entered into a
lease agreement to lease hospital building from Harbin Baiyi Real Estate Development Co., Ltd, which is owned by Junsheng Zhang,
a related party.  The Leasing terms consist of principal plus 30 payments.  Each payment will be made on an annual basis when RMB7,000,000
per payment will be paid upfront for each leasing period.  The first payment was made on September, 2014.  At the end of the leasing
period, a final payment will be made to settle the total leasing amount.  Both parties agreed for Jiarun to pay RMB3,000,000 as
deposit at the execution of the Leasing agreement, which will be deducted from the final rental settlement.  The lending interest
rate was calculated at 6.55%, which is the benchmark interest rate announced from The People s Bank of China.  After the completion
of all payments, the ownership of the lease item will be transferred to Jiarun.  

The leasing agreement for our hospital
building contains the following provisions: 

An option allowing the lessor to extend the lease for thirty years beyond the last renewal option
exercised by the Company.    

A guarantee by the Company that the lessor will realize $nil, from selling the asset at the expiration
of the lease This lease is a capital lease because its term (30 years) exceeds 75% of the building s estimated economic life.
In addition, the present value ($15,185,032) of the minimum lease payments exceeds 90% of the fair value of the building ($15,721,295).    

Accumulated annual amounts resulting from applying an interesting rate 6.55% to the balance of
the lease obligation at the beginning of each year.  The lease obligation is increased by the amount of the prior year s interest,
the amount of the net rental payment at the beginning of each year; and this amount represents the guaranteed residual value at
the end of the lease term.    

On September 1, 2014, October 22, 2014,
March 26, 2015, May 7, 2015, July 3, 2015, October 16, 2015, April 6, 2016 and April 13, 2016, Jiarun entered into several lease
agreements to lease medical equipment and elevator from four lease finance companies, which are all third parties, for three to
five year periods, in which Jiarun is required to make monthly or quarterly payments toward the leases.  The Company was also required
to pay deposits up front, which deposits will later be used to offset against the last quarterly payment.  The medical equipment
and elevator will be transferred to Jiarun upon the completion of the agreement.  

These leases have been classified as capital
leases.  The cost of the medical equipment included in these leases is included in the consolidated balance sheets as property and
equipment and construction in progress.  

JRSIS
HEALTH CARE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (AMOUNTS IN USD)  

NOTE 8.  Capital Lease Obligations and Deposit for Capital
Leases (Continued)  

The future minimum lease payments for annual
capital lease obligation as of September 30, 2016 are as follows: 

The Company recorded finance lease fees of $1,028,871 and
$893,883 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and $349,488 and $325,062 for the three months ended
September 30,2016 and 2015, respectively.  

NOTE 9.  Short-term Bank Loan  

As of September 30, 2016, the above
bank loan was for working capital and capital expenditure purposes.  The loan was primarily obtained from Harbin Bank with
interest rate of 6.09% per annum, the contract was signed from December 25, 2015 to December 24, 2016, and the loan was
received on January 4, 2016.  The interest expenses were $19,384 and $28,030 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively, and $6,775 and $9,265 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

NOTE 10.  Non-controlling Interests  

Jiarun is the Company s majority-owned
subsidiary which is consolidated in the Company s financial statements with a non-controlling interest recognized.  The Company
holds 70% interest of Jiarun as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, NCI in the consolidated balance sheet was $4,779,222 and $3,723,692, respectively.  For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, the comprehensive income attributable to shareholders  equity and NCIs is $2,352,946 and $1,055,531, respectively.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the comprehensive income attributable to shareholders  equity and NCI is $923,489
and $445,908, respectively.  For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the comprehensive income attributable to shareholders 
equity and NCIs is $785,934 and $344,420, respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2015, the comprehensive income
attributable to shareholders  equity and NCI is $207,614 and $118,274 respectively.  

NOTE 11.  Revenue  

The Company s revenue consists of medicine sales and patient
care revenue.  

JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (AMOUNTS IN USD)  

NOTE 12.  Income Tax Expense  

The Company uses the asset-liability method
of accounting for income taxes prescribed by ASC 740 Income Taxes.  The Company and its subsidiaries each files their taxes individually.  

United States  

JHCC is subject to the United States of
America Tax law at tax rate of 34%.  No provision for the US federal income taxes has been made as the Company had no US taxable
income for the periods presented, and its earnings are permanently invested in PRC.  

BVI  

JHCL was incorporated in the BVI and, under
the current laws of the BVI, it is not subject to income tax.  

Hong Kong  

Runteng was incorporated in Hong Kong
and is subject to Hong Kong profits tax.  Runteng is subject to Hong Kong taxation on its activities conducted in Hong Kong and
income arising in or derived from Hong Kong. The applicable statutory tax rate is 16. 5%.  

PRC  

Jiarun's medical services have been exempt
from enterprise income tax since March 1, 2006, which has been approved by the Local Taxation Bureau.  

Jiarun was incorporated in accordance with
the law of medical and health institutions, mainly provide medical services, with the  PRC Business Tax Tentative Regulations 
Article 8 (3) medical service income tax-free provisions (hospital, clinics and other medical institutions to provide medical services
shall be exempt from business tax).  The Company's medical services have been exempted from business tax since March 1, 2006.  

In considering the achievement of the hospital,
it could not have been done without the support of local authorities, Jiarun hospital has voluntarily paid income tax of $3,172
and $1,699 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively to support the local tax bureau's economical obligations.  

NOTE 13.  Related Party Transactions  

The following is the list of the related
parties to which the Group has transactions with: 

(a) Junsheng Zhang, the Chairman of the
Company 

 (b) Harbin Baiyi Real Estate Development
Co., Ltd ( Baiyi ), owned by Junsheng Zhang 

 (c) Heilongjiang Dahua Medicine Wholesale
Co., Ltd owned by Junsheng Zhang 

 (d) Harbin Jiarun Pharmacy Co., Limited
owned by Junsheng Zhang 

 (e) Heilongjiang Province Runjia Medical
Equipment Company Limited owned by Junsheng Zhang 

 (f) Jiarun Super Market Co., Ltd.  owned
by Junsheng Zhang 

 (g) Harbin Qi-run pharmacy limited owned
by Junsheng Zhang 

 (h) Yanhua Xing and Weiguang Song, the
former shareholder of JHCL 

Amount due from related parties   

Amount due from related parties consisted
of the following as of the periods indicated: 

JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (AMOUNTS IN USD)  

NOTE 13.  Related Party
Transactions (Continued)  

Amount due from Baiyi was mainly represented
the deposit for the new outpatient building which was constructed by Baiyi.  The Company signed a purchase agreement with Baiyi
to acquire the first to eight floor of a building which is under construction by Baiyi and expected to be completed before December
31, 2016.  The total amount for the purchased property is approximately RMB63,900,000 ($9,579,894).  The Company had paid a deposit
of RMB6,500,000 on November 26, 2015, and a further deposit of RMB3,500,000 ($524,720) was paid in August and September of 2016.  

Amount due from Junsheng Zhang, Yanhua
Xing and Weiguang Song, who are the prior shareholders of JHCL, was mainly for the paid-in capital to be paid.  

Amount due to related parties   

Amount due to related parties consisted
of the following as of the periods indicated: 

Amount due to Heilongjiang Dahua Medicine
Wholesale Co., Ltd., Harbin Jiarun Pharmacy Co., Ltd.  Harbin Qi-run pharmacy Co., Ltd and Heilongjiang Province Runjia Medical
Equipment Company Limited were mainly for the balance for purchase of medicine and medical material from these four companies.  

Amounts due to Junsheng Zhang represented
the balance paid by Mr.  Zhang for the daily operation of the Company.  

Related parties  transactions   

Purchase of medicine and medical material
from related parties consisted of the following for the periods indicated: 

Deposits for
capital leases and Capital lease obligations   

On June 5, 2013, Jiarun entered into a
Lease Agreement to lease a new hospital building from Harbin Baiyi Real Estate Development Co., Ltd, which is owned by Junsheng
Zhang, a related party.  As of September 30, 2016, the Company has balance of deposits for capital leases and capital lease obligations
of $449,760 and $13,204,506 respectively.  As of December 31, 2015, the Company has balance of deposits for capital leases and capital
lease obligations of $462,129 and $13,975,067, respectively.  

JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (AMOUNTS IN USD)  

NOTE 14.  Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share  

Basic net income per share is computed
using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period.  Diluted net income per share is computed using
the weighted average number of common shares and, if dilutive, potential common shares outstanding during the period.  Potential
common shares comprise shares issuable upon the exercise of share based awards, using the treasury stock method.  The reconciliation
of the numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted earnings per share computations for income from continuing operations
is shown as follows:  

NOTE 15.  Contingencies and Commitment  

There was no contingency as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

Capital commitment for purchase of a new outpatient building
from Baiyi (note 13) was approximately $9,579,894 and $nil as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

NOTE 16.  Subsequent Events  

The Management of the Company determined that there were no
reportable subsequent events to be disclosed.  

ITEM 2.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

The following discussion and analysis of
our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included
elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States.  The preparation of such financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses.  On an ongoing basis, we evaluate these estimates, including those
related to useful lives of real estate assets, bad debts, impairment, contingencies and litigation.  We base our estimates on historical
experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form
the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.
There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ from those estimates.  The analysis set forth below is provided pursuant
to applicable SEC regulations and is not intended to serve as a basis for projections of future events.  See  Cautionary Statement
Regarding Forward Looking Statements  above.  

Overview  

Harbin Jiarun Hospital Company Limited
( Jiarun ) was established in Harbin in the Province of Heilongjiang of the People s Republic of China ( PRC )
by the owner Junsheng Zhang on February 17, 2006.  

Jiarun is a private hospital serving patients
on a municipal and county level and providing both Western and Chinese medical practices to the residents of Harbin.  Jiarun specializes
in the areas of Pediatrics, Dermatology, ENT, Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM), Ophthalmology, Internal Medicine Dentistry, General
Surgery, Rehabilitation Science, Gynecology, General Medical Services, etc.  

On November 20, 2013, Junsheng Zhang, the
officer of Jiarun Hospital established JRSIS Health Care Corporation, a Florida corporation ( JHCC  or the  Company ).
On February 25, 2013, the officer of Jiarun Hospital established JRSIS Health Care Limited ( JHCL ), a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company, and On September 17, 2012, the officer of Jiarun Hospital established Runteng Medical Group Co., Ltd ( Runteng ),
a wholly owned subsidiary of JHCL.  Runteng, a Hong Kong registered Investment Company, holds a 70% ownership interest in Harbin
Jiarun Hospital Company Ltd, a Heilongjiang registered company.  

On December 20, 2013, the Company acquired
100% of the issued and outstanding capital stock of JRSIS Health Care Limited, a privately held Limited Liability Company registered
in the British Virgin Islands for 12,000,000 shares of our common stock.  JHCL, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Runteng Medical
Group Co., Ltd, holds majority ownership in Jiarun, a company duly incorporated, organized and validly existing under the laws
of China.  As the parent company, JHCC rely on Jiarun to conduct 100% of our businesses and operations.  

We have two sources of patient revenues:
in-patient service revenues and out-patient service revenues.  In addition to provide services to our patients, we also sell pharmaceutical
medicines to our patients.  Revenues from such sales are included in either our in-patient service revenues or our out-patient service
revenues.  Our revenues come from individuals as well as third-party payers, including PRC government programs and insurance providers,
under which the hospital is paid based upon local government established charges.  Revenue from the sale of medicine is recognized
when it is both earned and realized.  The Company s policy is to recognize the sale of medicine when the title of the medicine,
ownership and risk of loss have transferred to the purchasers, and collection of the sales proceeds is reasonably assured, all
of which generally occur when the patient receives the medicine.  Patient service revenue is recognized when it is both earned and
realized.  The Company s policy is to recognize patient service revenue when the medical service has been provided to the
patient and collection of the revenue is reasonably assured.  

Plan of Operation  

Over the next twelve months, we will concentrate on the following
four areas to grow our operations: 

Capital and Funding   Seek to obtain capital from all available sources to complete our hospital expansion and acquisition targets.   

Advertising and Marketing   Work with several marketing companies to develop brand identity, marketing materials, and update our web site.  Utilize all available marketing venues and public relations opportunities to promote the Company and its medicine and services.  In April, 2014, we also bought a mobile clinic to provide free health examinations in the hospital area.  Management believes this free service will bring us much higher brand reputation and potential customers locally.   

4   

Critical Accounting Policies and Management
Estimates  

Our discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations relates to our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with
the United States generally accepted accounting principles ( U. S.  GAAP ). The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries.  All significant inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated
in consolidation.  

Principles of consolidation  

The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries.  All significant inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated
in consolidation.  

Use of estimates  

The preparation of unaudited consolidated
financial statements in conformity with U. S.  GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and
the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods.  Management makes these estimates using the best information
available at the time the estimates are made; however actual results could differ from those estimates.  Significant items subject
to such estimates and assumptions include valuation allowances for receivables and recoverability of carrying amount and the estimated
useful lives of long-lived assets.  These estimates are often based on complex judgments and assumptions that management believes
to be reasonable but are inherently uncertain and unpredictable.  Actual results could differ from these estimates.  

Revenue Recognition  

The Company recognizes revenue when the
amount of revenue can be reliably measured, it is probable that economic benefits will flow to the entity and specific criteria
have been met for each of the Company's activities as described below.  

Medicine sales 

Revenue from the sale of medicine is recognized
when it is both earned and realized.  The Company's policy is to recognize the sale of medicine when the title of the medicine,
ownership and risk of loss have transferred to the purchasers, and collection of the sales proceeds is reasonably assured, all
of which generally occur when the patient receives the medicine.  

Given the nature of this revenue source
of the Company's business and the applicable rules guiding revenue recognition, the revenue recognition practices for the sale
of medicine do not contain estimates that materially affect results of operations nor any policy for return of products.  

Patient Services 

In accordance with the medical licenses
of Jiarun, the approved medical patient service scope of the Company includes medical consulting, surgery, obstetrics and gynecology,
pediatrics, anesthesia, clinic laboratory, medical imaging, and traditional Chinese medicine, etc.  

Patient service revenue is recognized when
it is both earned and realized.  The Company's policy is to recognize patient service revenue when the medical service has been
provided to the patient and collection of the revenue is reasonably assured.  

The Company provides services to both patients
covered by social insurance and patients who are not covered by social insurance.  The Company charges the same rates for patient
services regardless of the coverage by social insurance.  

Patients who are not covered by social
insurance are liable for the total cost of medical treatment.  

l  
     For out-patient medical services, revenue is recognized when the Company provides medical service to the patient.  The Company collects payment when the patient checks out from the hospital, which is the same day the services are provided  

l  
     For in-patient medical services, the Company estimates the approximate fee the patients will spend in the hospital based on patients' symptom.  This is when the patients check in to the hospital.  At that time, the Company collects the estimated fees from the patient and records the payment as deposits received.   

5   

During the in-patient services period,
the Company recognizes revenue when the patient service is provided and deducts the cost of service from the deposit received.
The Company records these transactions based on daily reports generated by the respective medical department.  When medical services
exceed patient deposits received the Company records revenue and accounts receivable when the patient services are provided.  

When patients check out from the hospital,
the Company calculates and determines the remaining deposit, if any, and refunds the unused portion of the deposit to the patients.
In the case where the patients have a balance in accounts receivable during the in-patient period, accounts receivable are required
to be paid in full at checkout.  

Patients covered by social insurance will
receive a portion or full medical services reimbursed or paid by the social insurance agencies via prepaid cards or insurance claim
settlement process.  

Settlement process   

The Company is a registered medical service
vendor under the state social insurance system for various social insurance agencies; the insurance agencies include  Social
Medical Insurance funded by PRC and Heilongjiang Province  and  Heilongjiang Province New Rural Cooperative Medical
Care System .  The Company utilizes an online system maintained by the social insurance agencies for patients  who are
covered by social insurance agencies.  

l  
     The Company records patients  information in the social insurance system at check in.  The system determines the covered portion and amounts based on the information input to the system.   

l  
     At the time of check out, the Company collects payment for services the patients are liable for and records accounts receivable from the social insurance agencies for the portion of services covered by the social insurances.  In the case that the patients have made payment during the in-patient services period, the Company refunds any amount in excess of the portion they are liable for.   

l  
     The Company is responsible for submitting supporting documents of patient services provided to the social insurance agencies for their review.  The Company also requires reconciling its records with the social insurance agencies once a month.  Once the social insurance agencies approve the reconciliation, the insurance agencies will settle the accounts receivable balance in the next month following the approval.   

Income Taxes and Uncertain Tax Positions  

The Company adopts FASB ASC Topic 740,
 Income Taxes,  which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences
of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns.  Under this method, deferred income taxes are recognized
for the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting
amounts at each period end based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences
are expected to affect taxable income.  Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the
amount expected to be realized.  

In July 2006, the FASB issued FIN 48(ASC
740-10), Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes-An Interpretation of FASB Statement No.  109 (ASC 740), which requires income
tax positions to meet a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold to be recognized in the financial statements.  Under FIN 48(ASC
740-10), tax positions that previously failed to meet the more-likely-than-not threshold should be recognized in the first subsequent
financial reporting period in which that threshold is met.  Previously recognized tax positions that no longer meet the more-likely-than-not
threshold should be derecognized in the first subsequent financial reporting period in which that threshold is no longer met.  

The application of tax laws and regulations
is subject to legal and factual interpretation, judgment and uncertainty.  Tax laws and regulations themselves are subject to change
as a result of changes in fiscal policy, changes in legislation, the evolution of regulations and court rulings.  Therefore, the
actual liability may be materially different from our estimates, which could result in the need to record additional tax liabilities
or potentially reverse previously recorded tax liabilities or deferred tax asset valuation allowance.  

As a result of the implementation of FIN
48 (ASC 740-10), the Company made a comprehensive review of its portfolio of tax positions in accordance with recognition standards
established by FIN 48 (ASC 740-10).  The Company recognized no material adjustments to liabilities or shareholder's equity as a
result of the implementation.  The adoption of FIN 48 did not have a material impact on the Company's unaudited consolidated financial
statements.  

Enterprise income tax is defined under
the Provisional Regulations of PRC Concerning Income Tax on Enterprises promulgated by the PRC, income tax is payable by enterprises
at a rate of 25% of their taxable income.  

Jiarun's medical services have been exempt
from enterprise income tax since March 1, 2006, which has been approved by the Local Taxation Bureau.  

6   

Jiarun was incorporated in accordance with
the law of medical and health institutions, mainly provide medical services, with the  PRC Business Tax Tentative Regulations 
Article 8 (3) medical service income tax-free provisions (hospital, clinics and other medical institutions to provide medical services
shall be exempt from business tax).  The Company's medical services have been exempted from business tax since March 1, 2006.  

In considering the achievement of
the hospital, it could not have been done without the support of local authorities, Jiarun hospital has voluntarily paid
income tax of $3,172 and $1,699 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively to support the local tax
bureau's economical obligations.  

Accounts Receivable  

Accounts receivable are recorded at net
realizable value consisting of the carrying amount less an allowance for uncollectible accounts as needed.  The allowance for doubtful
accounts is the Company's best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in the Company's existing accounts receivable.
The Company determines the allowance based on aging data, historical collection experience, customer specific facts and economic
conditions.  Account balances are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential
for recovery is considered remote. 

Property and equipment  

Property and equipment are stated at cost.
Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to operations when incurred, while additions and betterments are capitalized.
Depreciation is recorded on a straight-line basis reflective of the useful lives of the assets.  When assets are retired or disposed,
the asset's original cost and related accumulated depreciation are eliminated from accounts and any gain or loss is reflected in
income.  

Foreign currency transactions and translations  

JHCC and JHCL s functional currency
is the United States dollar ( US$ ).  Runteng's functional currency is the Hong Kong dollar ( HK$ ).  The functional
currency of Jiarun is the Renminbi ( RMB ).  

The Company s reporting currency is US$.  Assets and liabilities of Runteng and Jiarun are translated
at the current exchange rate at the balance sheet dates, revenues and expenses are translated at the average exchange rates during
the reporting periods, and equity accounts are translated at historical rates.  Translation adjustments are reported in other comprehensive
income.  

Results of Operations for Three Months
Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

The following table shows key components
of the results of operations during three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

7   

Revenue  

Operating revenue for the three
months ended September 30, 2016, which resulted primarily from medicine revenue and patient services revenue, was $4,257,244,
an increase of 45% as compared with the operating revenue of $2,927,900 for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  The
increase was primarily a result of the number of treated inpatients growing to 3,410 patients, about 842 more than the 2,568
patients treated in three months ended September 30, 2015.  

Costs and Expenses  

Total costs and expenses were
$3,086,511 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $758,992 or 33% as compared to $2,327,519 for the
same period of 2015.  This increase was primarily due to significant increase of cost of medicine sold of $325,218, medical
consumables of $143,213, salaries and benefits of $229,750.  

Cost of medicine sold  

Cost of medicine sold mainly consists
of cost of Western medicine, Chinese medicine and herbal medicine.  Total cost of medicine sold was $1,161,959 for the
three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $325,218 or 39% as compared to $836,741 for the same period of 2015.
This increase was primarily due to significant increases in sales of Western medicine and Chinese medicine.  For the three
months ended September 30, 2016, the cost of Western medicine and Chinese medicine were $1,136,255 as compared to $823,243
for the same period of 2015.  

Medical consumables  

Medical consumables mainly consist
of materials expenses, medical film expenses and test reagent.  Total medical consumables were $382,891 for the three
months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $143,213 or 60% as compared to $239,678 for the same period of 2015. The
increase was mainly a result of increase in materials expenses of $113,245.  

Salaries and benefits  

Salaries and benefits mainly consist
of salary expenses, and social insurance expenses.  Total salaries and benefits were $720,860 for the three months ended
September 30, 2016, an increase of $229,750 or 47% as compared to $491,110 for the same period of 2015.  The increase was
mainly a result of increase in salaries expenses of $211,027 and increase in social insurance expenses of $18,739.  The
number of employees was 479, an increase of 106 as compared to 373 for the same period of 2015.  

Income Taxes  

Enterprise income tax is defined under
the Provisional Regulations of PRC Concerning Income Tax on Enterprises promulgated by the PRC.  Income tax is payable by enterprises
at a rate of 25% of their taxable income.  

Jiarun's medical services have been exempt
from enterprise income tax since March 1, 2006, which has been approved by the Local Taxation Bureau.  

Jiarun was incorporated in accordance with
the law of medical and health institutions to mainly provide medical services, with the  PRC Business Tax Tentative Regulations 
Article 8 (3) medical service income tax-free provisions (hospital, clinics and other medical institutions to provide medical services
shall be exempt from business tax).  The Company's medical services have been exempted from business tax since March 1, 2006.   

In considering the achievements
of the hospital, they could not have been reached without the support of local authorities.  Jiarun hospital has
voluntarily paid income tax of $866 and $925 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively to support
the local tax bureau's economical obligations.  

Income from Operations and Net income  

Income from Operations was $1,170,733
for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared with operating income of $600,381 for the three months ended
September 30, 2015. The Company s net income for the three months ended September 30, 2016, was $1,169,010
representing an increase of $572,946 or 96%, over $596,064 for the three months
ended September 30, 2015.  The increases in income from operations and net income for the three months ended September 30,
2016, were primarily due to aforementioned changes in operating revenue and operating expenses.  

8   

Results of Operations for the nine
months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

The following table shows key components
of the results of operations during nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

Revenue  

Operating revenue for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, which resulted primarily from medicine revenue and patient services revenue, was $12,958,112, an
increase of 61% as compared with the operating revenue of $8,066,837 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  The
increase was primarily a result of the number of treated inpatients growing to 10,558 patients, about 3,230 more than the
7,328 patients treated in nine months ended September 30, 2015.  

Costs and Expenses  

Total costs and expenses were
$9,277,435 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $2,800,605 or 43% as compared to $6,476,830 for the
same period of 2015.  This increase was primarily due to significant increases in medical consumables of $641,080, and
increases in cost of medicine supplies of approximately $1,048,899, and increase in salaries and benefits of $792,377.  

9   

Cost of medicine sold  

Cost of medicine sold mainly
consists of cost of Western medicine, Chinese medicine and herbal medicine.  Total cost of medicine sold was
$3,374,138 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $1,048,899 or 45% as compared to $2,325,239 for the
same period of 2015.  This increase was primarily due to significant increases in cost of Western medicine and Chinese
medicine of $1,002,993.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the cost of Western medicine and Chinese medicine were
$3,289,686, as compared to $2,286,693 for the same period of 2015.  

Medical consumables  

Medical consumables mainly consist
of materials expenses, medical film expenses and test reagent.  Total medical consumables were $1,200,169 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $642,080 or 115% as compared to $558,089 for the same period of 2015.  The
increase was mainly a result of increase in materials expenses of $402,706 and increase in test reagent expense of
$58,029.  

Salaries and benefits  

Salaries and benefits mainly
consist of salaries expenses, and social insurance expenses.  Total salaries and benefits were $2,106,103 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $792,377 or 60% as compared to $1,313,726 for the same period of 2015.  The increase
was mainly a result of increase in salaries expenses of $739,528.  The number of employees was 461, an increase of 129 as
compared to 332 for the same period of 2015.  

Income Taxes  

Enterprise income tax is defined under
the Provisional Regulations of PRC Concerning Income Tax on Enterprises promulgated by the PRC, income tax is payable by enterprises
at a rate of 25% of their taxable income.  

Jiarun's medical services have been exempt
from enterprise income tax since March 1, 2006, which has been approved by the Local Taxation Bureau.  

Jiarun was incorporated in accordance with
the law of medical and health institutions mainly provide medical services, with the  PRC Business Tax Tentative Regulations 
Article 8 (3) medical service income tax-free provisions (hospital, clinics and other medical institutions to provide medical services
shall be exempt from business tax).  The Company's medical services have been exempted from business tax since March 1, 2006.   

In considering the achievements of
the hospital, they could not have been reached without the support of local authorities, Jiarun hospital has voluntarily paid
income tax voluntary of $3,172 and $1,699 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively to support the
local tax bureau's economical obligations.  

Income from Operations and Net income  

Income from Operations was $3,680,677
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared with operating income of $1,590,007 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. The Company s net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, was $3,681,405
representing an increase of $2,083,896 or 130%, over $1,597,509 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015.  The increases in income from operations and net income for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 were primarily due to aforementioned changes in operating revenue and operating expenses.  

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared for the Company to continue as a going concern which contemplates, among other things, the realization of assets
and satisfaction of liabilities in the ordinary course of business.  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had
$597,022 of cash and cash equivalents.  

We are presently able to meet our obligations
as they come due. As of September 30, 2016, we had non-controlling interest of $4,779,222 and shareholders  equity of
$6,040,800.  

10   

We anticipate that our future liquidity
requirements will arise from the need to fund our growth, pay current obligations and future capital expenditures.  The primary
sources of funding for such requirements are expected to be cash generated from operations and raising additional funds from the
public offering and/or debt financing.  However, we can provide no assurances that we will be able to generate sufficient cash
flow from operations and/or obtain additional financing on terms satisfactory to us, if at all, to remain a going concern.  

Cash Flows and Capital Resources   

We believe that we will generate cash flow
from our business, which, along with our available cash, will provide sufficient liquidity and financial flexibility.  Our cash
flows are summarized below:  

Net Cash provided by Operating Activities  

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, we had positive cash flow from operating activities of $3,914,023, an increase of $2,486,163 from the same period of 2015,
during which we had cash flow from operating activities of $1,427,860.  The increase in net cash used in operating activities was
mainly as a result of the net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $2,083,896 as compared to the nine
months ended September 30, 2015, and the addition of a due to Amount due to related parties items totaling $930,337, which was
due to the purchase and borrowing from related parties.  

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities  

Net cash used in investing activities
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $2,918,429, compared to net cash used in investing activities of $3,141,645
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  The cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30,
2016, was mainly used for the purchase of medical equipment.  

Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Financing
Activities  

Net cash used in financing activities
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, was $747,429, as compared to net cash provided by financing activities of
$986,665 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  The cash used in financing activities for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, was mainly from a short-term bank loan of $421,331, payments on capital leases obligation of $2,149,599
and proceeds from capital lease of $904,854.  

Trends, Events and Uncertainties  

The China Ministry of Health, as well as
other related agencies, may change the prices we can charge for medical services, drugs and medications.  We cannot predict the
impact of these proposed changes since the changes are not fully defined and we do not know whether such changes will ever be implemented
or when they may take effect.  

In December 2014, our operations moved
into the new building.  We have finished most of the decoration of the new building, part of the expansion of medical facilities
and purchases of new medical equipment.  The hospital will need more medical facilities to update the medical equipment and acquire
one pharmaceuticals wholesale and one medicine retail company.  The new hospital building is being constructed by Harbin Baiyi Real
Estate Development Co., Ltd, which is owned by Junsheng Zhang, a related party.  The building was leased from the related party
by financial leasing, the price of the leasing agreement referred to the local market price and audited by the auditor.  The Leasing
terms consist of 30 payments.  Each payment will be made on an annual basis when 7 million RMB per payment will be paid upfront
for each leasing period.  The first payment was made on September 1, 2014.  At the end of the leasing period, a final payment will
be made to settle the total leasing amount.  Both parties agreed for the lessee to pay 3 million RMB as a deposit at the execution
of the leasing agreement, which will be deducted from the final rental settlement.  The lending interest rate was calculated at
6. 55%, which is the benchmark interest rate announced from The People s Bank of China.  After the completion of all payments,
the ownership of the lease item will be transferred to the lessee (Jiarun hospital).  Up to September 30, 2016, we had paid approximately
$485,476 for the construction of the new hospital.  We borrowed the funds from our related company and banks.  In addition to what
we had paid for the new hospital building construction, we estimate the additional costs to complete the project and more medical
facilities to update the medical equipment.  

11   

We plan to acquire other hospitals and
companies involved in the healthcare industry in the PRC using cash and shares of our common stock.  Substantial capital may be
needed for these acquisitions and we may need to raise additional funds through the sale of our common stock, debt financing or
other arrangements.  We do not have any commitments or arrangements from any person to provide us with any additional capital.  Additional
capital may not be available to us, or if available, on acceptable terms, in which case we would not be able to acquire other hospitals
or businesses in the healthcare industry.  

Other than the factors listed above we do not know of any trends,
events or uncertainties that have had or are reasonably expected to have a material impact on our net sales or revenues or income
from continuing operations.  Our business is not seasonal in nature.  

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We do not have any off-balance sheet items reasonably likely
to have a material effect on our financial condition.  

Recent Accounting
Pronouncements  

Recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB, the AICPA
and the SEC did not, or are not believed by management to, have a material effect on the Company s present or future
consolidated financial statements.  

ITEM 3.        QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  

As a  smaller reporting company ,
we are not required to provide the information required by this Item.  

ITEM 4.        CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES  

Evaluations of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management team, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure
controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, as of December 31, 2004.  Based on this evaluation, we concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures are effective in timely alerting them to material information required to be included in our periodic reports.  

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

During the period covered by this report, there has been no
change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect
our internal control over financial reporting.  

12   

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.        LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS.   

The Company has no knowledge of existing
or pending legal proceedings against the Company, nor is the Company involved as a plaintiff in any proceeding or pending litigation.
There are no proceedings in which any of the Company s directors, officers or any of their respective affiliates, or any
beneficial stockholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our interest. 

ITEM 1A.     RISK
FACTORS  

As a  smaller reporting company ,
we are not required to provide the information required by this Item.  

ITEM 2.        UNREGISTERED
SALE OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  

We did not sell or issue any shares of
unregistered securities during the three month period ended September 30, 2016.   

ITEM 3.        DEFAULTS
UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  

Not applicable  

ITEM 4.        OTHER
INFORMATION  

Not applicable 

ITEM 5.        EXHIBITS   

INDEX
TO EXHIBITS  

13   

SIGNATURES  

In accordance
with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized.  

JRSIS HEALTH
CARE CORPORATION (Registrant)  

Signature 
       
     Title 
       
     Date  

Lihua.  Sun 
       
     Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Lihua.  Sun 

(Principal Executive Officer)  
       
     November 14, 2016  

Xuewei.  Zhang  
       
     Chief Financial Officer 

/s/ Xuewei.  Zhang 

(Principal Financial Officer)  
       
     November 14, 2016  

14   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452361_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

Certification
of Principal Executive Officer  

  Section 302
Certification  

I,
Lihua Sun, certify that: 

1.           I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION. 

2.           Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.           Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.           The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and the internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)           Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)           Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)           Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)           Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.           The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)           All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)           Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: 
     November 14, 2016 
       
     /s/ Lihua Sun  

Lihua Sun, Chief Executive Officer 
         (Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452361_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

Certification
of Principal Financial Officer  

  Section 302
Certification  

I,
Xuewei Zhang, certify that: 

1.           I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION; 

2.           Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.           Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.           The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and the internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)           Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)           Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)           Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)           Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.           The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)           All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)           Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
     November 14, 2016 
       
     /s/ Xuewei Zhang  

Xuewei Zhang, Chief Executive Officer 
         (Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452361_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

CERTIFICATIONS
PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of JRSIS HEALTH CARE
CORPORATION. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Lihua Sun, as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
     The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

2. 
     The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company.  

By: 
     /s/ Lihua Sun 
     Dated:   
     November 14, 2016  

Lihua Sun 

Title: 
     
         Chief Executive Officer 
         (Principal Executive Officer)   

This
certification is being furnished to the SEC as an exhibit to the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for
purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

A
signed copy of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided by the Company
and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v452361_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2  

CERTIFICATIONS
PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of JRSIS HEALTH
CARE CORPORATION. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Xuewei Zhang, as Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that: 

1. 
     The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

2. 
     The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company.  

By: 
     /s/ Xuewei Zhang 
     Dated:   
     November 14, 2016  

Xuewei Zhang 

Title: 
     
         Chief Financial Officer 
         (Principal Financial Officer)    

This
certification is being furnished to the SEC as an exhibit to the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for
purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

A
signed copy of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided by the Company
and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 jrss-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 jrss-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 jrss-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 jrss-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 jrss-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 jrss-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

