<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1592592_0001144204-16-133597_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1167120</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>68595</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>91343</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>285112</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>417239</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>275623</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>8</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-133597.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114063511
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-133597
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		30
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WORLDS MALL INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001592592
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55421
		FILM NUMBER:		161990288

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5841 EAST CHARLESTON BLVD NO. 230
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89123
		BUSINESS PHONE:		352 263 3 3 1694

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5841 EAST CHARLESTON BLVD NO. 230
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89123

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-133597.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v452405_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One) 

For the Quarterly Period Ended September
30, 2016  

or  

Commission File Number: 000-55421  

WORLDS MALL, INC.  

(Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Nevada   
       
       81-1877558    

(State or other jurisdiction of 
         incorporation or organization)  

(I.R.S. Employer 
         Identification No.)   

102 Qingnian Road  

  Luogang District, Guangzhou  

  Guangdong Province, People s Republic
of China ,  510730   

(Address of
principal executive offices, Zip Code) 

(214) 566 8233  

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code )  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter periods that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

Yes   x   No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

Yes       No   x  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company filer. See definition of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  
      o  
      Accelerated filer  
      o   
 
      Non-accelerated filer  
      o  
      Smaller reporting company  
      x   
 
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes   x   No   o  

As of November 14, 2016, the registrant had 21,900,000 shares of
its common stock outstanding. 

WORLDS MALL, INC.  

QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q  

  September 30, 2016  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PAGE   
 
      PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
      3   
 
      Item 1.  
       Financial Statements   
      3   
 
      Item 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      4   
 
      Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      9   
 
      Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      9   
 
      PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  
      9   
 
      Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
      9   
 
      Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
      9   
 
      Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      9   
 
      Item 3.  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      10   
 
      Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosure   
      10   
 
      Item 5.  
       Other Information   
      10   
 
      Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
      10   
 
       SIGNATURES   
      11   

2   

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial Statements.  

The following unaudited interim financial statements of Worlds
Mall, Inc. (referred to herein as the  Company,   we,   us  or  our ) are included in this
quarterly report on Form 10-Q: 

3   

Worlds Mall, Inc. 

September 30, 2016 and 2015 

Index to the Financial Statements 

F- 1  

Worlds Mall Inc. 

Balance Sheets 

See accompanying
notes to the financial statements.  

F- 2  

Worlds Mall, Inc. 

Condensed Statements of Operations 

See accompanying
notes to the condensed financial statements   

F- 3  

Worlds Mall Inc. 

Statements of Cash Flows 

See accompanying
notes to the financial statements.  

F- 4  

Worlds Mall Inc. 

September 30, 2016 and 2015 

 Notes to the Financial Statements 

  (Unaudited)  

Note 1 - Organization and Operations  

Worlds Mall Inc.   

Worlds Mall Inc. (the  Company )
was incorporated on March 10, 2011 under the laws of the State of Nevada. The Company plans to develop an e-commerce website that
will connect retail stores with customers around the world. 

Note 2 - Significant and Critical Accounting
Policies and Practices  

The
Management of the Company is responsible for the selection and use of appropriate accounting policies and the appropriateness of
accounting policies and their application. Critical accounting policies and practices are those that are both most important to
the portrayal of the Company s financial condition and results and require management s most difficult, subjective,
or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain.
The Company s significant and critical accounting policies and practices are disclosed below as required by generally accepted
accounting principles.  

Basis of Presentation   Unaudited
Interim Financial Information   

The
accompanying unaudited interim financial statements and related notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) for the interim financial information, and with the
rules and regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) to Form 10-Q and Article 8 of
Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial
statements. The unaudited interim financial statements furnished reflect all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals)
which are, in the opinion of management, necessary to a fair statement of the results for the interim period presented. Unaudited
interim results are not necessarily indicative of the results for the full fiscal year. These financial statements should be read
in conjunction with the audited financial statements of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2015   and
notes thereto contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 14, 2016   .  

Use of Estimates and Assumptions
and Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions   

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date(s) of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period(s). 

Critical
accounting estimates are estimates for which (a) the nature of the estimate is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment
necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change and (b) the impact of the estimate
on financial condition or operating performance is material. The Company s critical accounting estimates and assumptions
affecting the financial statements were:  

(i)  
       Assumption as a going concern :   Management assumes that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business ;    

(ii)  
       Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets :   Management assumes that the realization of the Company s net deferred tax assets resulting from its net operating loss ( NOL ) carry forwards for Federal income tax purposes that may be offset against future taxable income was not considered more likely than not and accordingly, the potential tax benefits of the net loss carry-forwards are offset by a full valuation allowance. Management made this assumption based on (a) the Company has incurred recurring losses, (b) general economic conditions, (d) its ability to raise additional funds to support its daily operations by way of a public or private offering, among other factors.   

These significant accounting estimates
or assumptions bear the risk of change due to the fact that there are uncertainties attached to these estimates or assumptions,
and certain estimates or assumptions are difficult to measure or value. 

F- 5  

Management bases its estimates on historical
experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable in relation to the financial statements taken as a whole
under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources. 

Management regularly evaluates the key
factors and assumptions used to develop the estimates utilizing currently available information, changes in facts and circumstances,
historical experience and reasonable assumptions. After such evaluations, if deemed appropriate, those estimates are adjusted accordingly. 

Actual results could differ from those
estimates. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments   

The Company follows paragraph 825-10-50-10
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for disclosures about fair value of its financial instruments and paragraph 820-10-35-37
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( Paragraph 820-10-35-37 ) to measure the fair value of its financial
instruments. Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles
(GAAP), and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. To increase consistency and comparability in fair value measurements
and related disclosures, Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques
used to measure fair value into three (3) broad levels. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted)
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. The three (3) levels of fair
value hierarchy defined by Paragraph 820-10-35-37 are described below: 

Level 1  
       
      Quoted market prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date.   

Level 2  
       
      Pricing inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date.   

Level 3  
       
      Pricing inputs that are generally observable inputs and not corroborated by market data.   

Financial assets are considered Level 3
when their fair values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques and at least
one significant model assumption or input is unobservable. 

The fair value hierarchy gives the highest
priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable
inputs. If the inputs used to measure the financial assets and liabilities fall within more than one level described above, the
categorization is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of the instrument. 

The carrying amounts of the Company s
financial assets and liabilities, such as cash and accrued expenses approximate their fair value because of the short maturity
of this instrument. 

Transactions involving related parties
cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm's-length basis, as the requisite conditions of competitive, free-market dealings
may not exist. Representations about transactions with related parties, if made, shall not imply that the related party transactions
were consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm's-length transactions unless such representations can be substantiated. 

Cash Equivalents   

The Company considers all highly liquid
investments with maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. 

Related Parties   

The Company follows subtopic 850-10 of
the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions. 

Pursuant to Section 850-10-20 the related
parties include a. affiliates of the Company ( Affiliate  means, with respect to any specified Person, any other
Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with
such Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act); b. entities for which investments
in their equity securities would be required, absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection
of Section 825 10 15, to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; c. trusts for the benefit
of employees, such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; d. principal
owners of the Company; e. management of the Company; f. other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls
or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties
might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and g. other parties that can significantly influence the
management or operating policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties
and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully
pursuing its own separate interests. 

F- 6  

The financial statements shall include
disclosures of material related party transactions, other than compensation arrangements, expense allowances, and other similar
items in the ordinary course of business. However, disclosure of transactions that are eliminated in the preparation of consolidated
or combined financial statements is not required in those statements. The disclosures shall include: a. the nature of the
relationship(s) involved; b. a description of the transactions, including transactions to which no amounts or nominal amounts were
ascribed, for each of the periods for which income statements are presented, and such other information deemed necessary to an
understanding of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements; c. the dollar amounts of transactions for each
of the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the terms
from that used in the preceding period; and d. amounts due from or to related parties as of the date of each balance sheet presented
and, if not otherwise apparent, the terms and manner of settlement. 

Commitment and Contingencies   

The Company follows subtopic 450-20 of
the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report accounting for contingencies. Certain conditions may exist as of the date
the financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when one or more
future events occur or fail to occur. The Company assesses such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently involves
an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company or unasserted
claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or unasserted claims
as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought therein. 

If the assessment of a contingency indicates
that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated
liability would be accrued in the Company s financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potential material loss
contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent
liability, and an estimate of the range of possible losses, if determinable and material, would be disclosed. 

Loss contingencies considered remote are
generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be disclosed. 

Revenue Recognition   

The Company follows paragraph 605-10-S99-1
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for revenue recognition. The Company recognizes revenue when it is realized or realizable
and earned. The Company considers revenue realized or realizable and earned when all of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive
evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) the product has been shipped or the services have been rendered to the customer, (iii)
the sales price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured. 

Deferred Tax Assets and Income Tax
Provision   

The Company accounts for income taxes under
Section 740-10-30 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined based
upon differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax
rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation
allowance to the extent management concludes it is more likely than not that the assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates
is recognized in the statements of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. 

The Company adopted section 740-10-25 of
the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( Section 740-10-25 ). Section 740-10-25 addresses the determination of
whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements. Under Section
740-10-25, the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the
tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax
benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a
greater than fifty percent (50%) likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Section 740-10-25 also provides guidance
on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires increased
disclosures. 

The estimated future tax effects of temporary
differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities are reported in the accompanying balance sheets, as well as tax credit
carry-backs and carry-forwards. The Company periodically reviews the recoverability of deferred tax assets recorded on its balance
sheets and provides valuation allowances as management deems necessary. 

F- 7  

Management makes judgments as to the interpretation
of the tax laws that might be challenged upon an audit and cause changes to previous estimates of tax liability. In addition, the
Company operates within multiple taxing jurisdictions and is subject to audit in these jurisdictions. In management s opinion,
adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for all years. If actual taxable income by tax jurisdiction varies from estimates,
additional allowances or reversals of reserves may be necessary. 

Tax years that remain
subject to examination by major tax jurisdictions   

The Company discloses  tax
years that remain subject to examination by major tax jurisdictions  pursuant to the ASC Paragraph 740-10-50-15. 

Earnings per Share   

Earnings per share ( EPS ) is
the amount of earnings attributable to each share of common stock. For convenience, the term is used to refer to either earnings
or loss per share. EPS is computed pursuant to section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Pursuant to ASC
Paragraphs 260-10-45-10 through 260-10-45-16 Basic EPS shall be computed by dividing income available to common stockholders (the
numerator) by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding (the denominator) during the period. Income available to
common stockholders shall be computed by deducting both the dividends declared in the period on preferred stock (whether or not
paid) and the dividends accumulated for the period on cumulative preferred stock (whether or not earned) from income from continuing
operations (if that amount appears in the income statement) and also from net income. The computation of diluted EPS is similar
to the computation of basic EPS except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that
would have been outstanding if the dilutive potential common shares had been issued during the period to reflect the potential
dilution that could occur from common shares issuable through contingent shares issuance arrangement, stock options or warrants. 

Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs 260-10-45-45-21
through 260-10-45-45-23 Diluted EPS shall be based on the most advantageous conversion rate or exercise price from the standpoint
of the security holder. The dilutive effect of outstanding call options and warrants (and their equivalents) issued by the reporting
entity shall be reflected in diluted EPS by application of the treasury stock method unless the provisions of paragraphs 260-10-45-35
through 45-36 and 260-10-55-8 through 55-11 require that another method be applied. Equivalents of options and warrants include
non-vested stock granted to employees, stock purchase contracts, and partially paid stock subscriptions (see paragraph 260 10 55 23).
Anti-dilutive contracts, such as purchased put options and purchased call options, shall be excluded from diluted EPS. Under the
treasury stock method: a. Exercise of options and warrants shall be assumed at the beginning of the period (or at time of
issuance, if later) and common shares shall be assumed to be issued. b. The proceeds from exercise shall be assumed to be
used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. (See paragraphs 260-10-45-29 and 260-10-55-4 through
55-5.) c. The incremental shares (the difference between the number of shares assumed issued and the number of shares assumed
purchased) shall be included in the denominator of the diluted EPS computation. 

There were no potentially dilutive common
shares outstanding for the reporting period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Cash Flows Reporting   

The Company adopted paragraph 230-10-45-24
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for cash flows reporting, classifies cash receipts and payments according to whether
they stem from operating, investing, or financing activities and provides definitions of each category, and uses the indirect or
reconciliation method ( Indirect method ) as defined by paragraph 230-10-45-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
to report net cash flow from operating activities by adjusting net income to reconcile it to net cash flow from operating activities
by removing the effects of (a) all deferrals of past operating cash receipts and payments and all accruals of expected future operating
cash receipts and payments and (b) all items that are included in net income that do not affect operating cash receipts and payments. 

Subsequent Events   

The Company follows the guidance in Section
855-10-50 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the disclosure of subsequent events. The Company will evaluate subsequent
events through the date when the financial statements were issued. Pursuant to ASU 2010-09 of the FASB Accounting Standards
Codification, the Company as an SEC filer considers its financial statements issued when they are widely distributed to users,
such as through filing them on EDGAR. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements    

We do not believe that any recently issued,
but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, when adopted, will have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements. 

F- 8  

In connection with preparing financial
statements for each annual and interim reporting period, an entity s management should evaluate whether there are conditions
or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern
within one year after the date that the  financial statements are issued  (or within one year after the date that the  financial
statements are available to be issued  when applicable). Management s evaluation should be based on relevant conditions
and events that are known and reasonably knowable at the date that the  financial statements are issued  (or at the date that
the  financial statements are available to be issued  when applicable). Substantial doubt about an entity s ability
to continue as a going concern exists when relevant conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, indicate that it is probable
that the entity will be unable to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements
are issued (or available to be issued). The term  probable  is used consistently with its use in Topic 450, Contingencies. 

When management identifies conditions or
events that raise substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern, management should consider
whether its plans that are intended to mitigate those relevant conditions or events will alleviate the substantial doubt. The mitigating
effect of management s plans should be considered only to the extent that (1) it is probable that the plans will be effectively
implemented and, if so, (2) it is probable that the plans will mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about
the entity s ability to continue as a going concern. 

If conditions or events raise substantial
doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern, but the substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration
of management s plans, the entity should disclose information that enables users of the financial statements to understand
all of the following (or refer to similar information disclosed elsewhere in the footnotes): 

a.  
      Principal conditions or events that raised substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern (before consideration of management s plans)   

b.  
      Management s evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the entity s ability to meet its obligations   

c.  
      Management s plans that alleviated substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern.   

If conditions or events raise substantial
doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern, and substantial doubt is not alleviated after consideration
of management s plans, an entity should include a statement in the footnotes indicating that there is  substantial doubt
about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern  within one year after the date that the financial statements
are issued (or available to be issued). Additionally, the entity should disclose information that enables users of the financial
statements to understand all of the following: 

a.  
      Principal conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern   

b.  
      Management s evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the entity s ability to meet its obligations   

c.  
      Management s plans that are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern.   

The amendments in this Update are effective
for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application
is permitted. 

Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, when adopted, will have a material effect on the accompanying consolidated
financial statements. 

Note 3   Going Concern  

The Company has elected to adopt early
application of Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15,   Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic
205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern ( ASU 2014-15 ) . 

The Company s financial statements
have been prepared assuming that it will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization
of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. 

As reflected in the financial statements,
the Company had an accumulated deficit at September 30, 2016, a net loss and net cash used in operating activities for the reporting
period then ended. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

The Company is attempting to commence operations
and generate sufficient revenue; however, the Company s cash position may not be sufficient to support its daily operations.
While the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to commence operations and generate sufficient revenue and in its ability
to raise additional funds, there can be no assurances to that effect. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern
is dependent upon its ability to further implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenue and in its ability to raise
additional funds. 

F- 9  

The financial statements do not include
any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of
liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Note 4   Stockholders  Equity  

Shares Authorized   

Upon formation the total number of shares
of all classes of stock which the Company is authorized to issue is One Billion (1,000,000,000) shares of which Five Hundred Million
(500,000,000) shares shall be Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share, and Five Hundred Million (500,000,000) shares shall
be Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share. 

Common Stock   

For the period from January 11, 2013 through
November 11, 2013, the Company sold 3,900,000 shares of common stock at $0.01 per share to 39 individuals, or $39,000, $38,000
was received in cash and $1,000 was received as a stock subscription receivable which was collected on January 17, 2014. The Company
presented the stock subscription receivable of $1,000 as current assets as the receivable was paid in cash prior to the publication
of the financial statements and the payment date is stated herewith in the note to the financial statements. 

Capital Contribution   

During the year ended December 31, 2013,
a significant stockholder of the Company contributed $13,000 to the Company which was recorded as additional paid-in capital. 

During the year ended December 31, 2014,
a significant stockholder of the Company contributed $10,000 to the Company which was recorded as additional paid-in capital. 

During the year ended December 31, 2015,
a significant stockholder of the Company contributed $52,730 to the Company which was recorded as additional paid-in capital. 

Note 5   Related Party Transactions  

Free Office Space   

The Company has been provided office space
by its Chief Executive Officer at no cost. The management determined that such cost is nominal and did not recognize the rent expense
in its financial statement. 

Note 6   Subsequent Events  

The Company has evaluated all events that
occur after the balance sheet date through the date when the financial statements were issued to determine if they must be reported.
The Management of the Company determined that there were no reportable subsequent event(s) to be disclosed. 

F- 10  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations.  

The information
set forth in this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of  Operations ( MD A )
contains certain  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including,
among others (i) expected changes in our revenue and profitability, (ii) prospective business opportunities and (iii) our strategy
for financing our business. Forward-looking statements are statements other than historical information or statements of current
condition. Some forward-looking statements may be identified by use of terms such as  believes ,  anticipates ,
 intends  or  expects . These forward-looking statements relate to our plans, liquidity, ability to complete
financing and purchase capital expenditures, growth of our business including entering into future agreements with companies, and
plans to successfully develop and obtain approval to market our product. We have based these forward-looking statements largely
on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition,
results of operations, business strategy and financial needs.  

Although we
believe that our expectations with respect to the forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions within the bounds
of our knowledge of our business and operations, in light of the risks and uncertainties inherent in all future projections, the
inclusion of forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report should not be regarded as a representation by us or
any other person that our objectives or plans will be achieved.  

We assume no
obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect actual results or changes in factors or assumptions affecting
forward-looking statements.  

Our revenues and results of operations
could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of numerous factors, including, but
not limited to, the following: the risk of significant natural disaster, the inability of our company to insure against certain
risks, inflationary and deflationary conditions and cycles, currency exchange rates, and changing government regulations domestically
and internationally affecting our products and businesses.  

You should
read the following discussion and analysis in conjunction with the Financial Statements and Notes attached hereto, and the other
financial data appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report.  

US Dollars
are denoted herein by  USD ,  $  and  dollars .  

Overview  

Worlds Mall, Inc. (the  Company )
is a development stage company that was incorporated on March 10, 2011 under the laws of the State of Nevada. The Company plans
to develop an e-commerce website that will connect retail stores with customers around the world. The Company was formed to develop
an e-commerce website that will connect retail stores with customers around the world. We believe that companies tend to market
their e-commerce websites within the country or region that they are from and only to customers that speak the language of their
country. Our goal is to globalize the retail market by eliminating language barriers along and providing better exposure to such
companies. Worlds Mall wants to be a portal for retail sellers to connect to the world. In addition to Company s current
business plan, the Company plans to acquire an E-commerce marketplace based in China that would connect retail consumers and small
to midsize businesses. There is no assurance at this point, however, that such plan will be executed or the acquisition will be
completed. 

We are a development stage company, and
to date, we have limited operating history for investors to evaluate the potential of our business development. As such, we have
not built our customer base or our brand name. We believe we will need to raise additional capital to sustain our operations. If
we are unable to raise additional cash, we will either have to suspend or cease our expansion plans entirely. Because of our limited
operating history and our status as a development stage company, investors should take caution in investing in our company at this
point. 

Recent Change of Control  

On December 15, 2015, Min Huang, our current
President and CEO and Thomas Wikstrom, our former President and CEO, entered into a stock purchase agreement (the  Stock
Purchase Agreement ), whereby Mr. Huang purchased from the Mr. Wikstrom 18,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001
per share, of the Company, representing approximately 82.19% of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company, for an aggregate
purchase price of $330,000 (the  Change of Control ). 

As a result of the Change of Control, Mr. Huang has obtained
majority interest of the Company. In connection with the Change of Control, Mr. Huang was appointed an officer and director of
the Company. In addition to Company s current business plan, the Company plans to acquire an E-commerce marketplace based
in China that would connect retail consumers and small to midsize businesses. The potential acquisition target is also deemed under
control by Mr. Huang. There is no assurance at this point, however, that such plan will be executed or the acquisition will be
completed. 

4  

Plan of Operations  

We anticipate completing our website in four to five months
once we obtain sufficient capital. We have not yet determined when we will begin to generate revenues. 

Over the next twelve month period, we must
raise additional capital for site development, server management, one new programmer and marketing. Our estimated expenses consist
of the following: 

Based on our financial history since inception,
there is substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. The Company had a deficit accumulated since inception
and a net loss and net cash used in operating activities since inception. 

Results of Operations  

Results of Operations   Three Months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015   

No revenue has been generated by the Company
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The Company's financial statements have been prepared on a going concern
basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The financial
statements do not include any adjustment relating to recoverability and classification of recorded amounts of assets and liabilities
that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

The Company has a minimum cash balance
available for payment of ongoing operating expenses, has experienced losses from operations, and it does not have a source of revenue.
Its continued existence is dependent upon its ability to continue to execute its operating plan and to obtain additional debt or
equity financing. There can be no assurance the necessary debt or equity financing will be available, or will be available on terms
acceptable to the Company. 

We incurred $94,556 in expenses from professional
fees for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $2,497 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The significant
increase is mainly due to the increase of legal and accounting fees in preparation of the acquisition described elsewhere in this
quarterly report. We also incurred $523 in general and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared
to $519 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The slight increase is primarily attributed to the increase of salary for
our employees. We also incurred rent expense $13,250, repair and maintenance $1,000 and travel expense $7,491 for the three months
ended September 30, 2016., compared to $0, $0 and $0 for the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Due to the factors described above, our
operating expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $116,820 compared to operating expenses of $3.016 for the
three months ended September 30, 2015. 

The Company s net loss for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 was $116,820 compared to $3,016 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

5  

Results of Operations   Nine Months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015   

No revenue has been generated by the Company
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The Company's financial statements have been prepared on a going concern
basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The financial
statements do not include any adjustment relating to recoverability and classification of recorded amounts of assets and liabilities
that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

The Company has a minimum cash balance
available for payment of ongoing operating expenses, has experienced losses from operations, and it does not have a source of revenue.
Its continued existence is dependent upon its ability to continue to execute its operating plan and to obtain additional debt or
equity financing. There can be no assurance the necessary debt or equity financing will be available, or will be available on terms
acceptable to the Company. 

We incurred $296,434 in expenses from professional
fees for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $22,506 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The significant
increase is mainly due to the increase of legal and accounting fees in preparation of the acquisition described elsewhere in this
quarterly report. We also incurred $19,241 in general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
compared to $2,343 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The significant increase is primarily attributed to the increase
of salary for our employees. We also incurred rent expense $13,746, repair and maintenance $4,462 and travel expense $21,548 for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $0, $0 and $0 for the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Due to the factors described above, our
operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $355,431 compared to operating expenses of $24,849 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

The Company s net loss for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 was $335,431 compared to $24,849 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, the net cash used in operating activities was $354,125. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the net cash used in
investing activities was $39,180. The net cash provided by financing activities was $551,843 for the nine months ended September
30, 2016. The Company had a total cash balance of $158,538 as of September 30, 2016. 

The following is a summary of the Company's
cash flows provided by (used in) operating, investing, and financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

The Company has generated no revenues since
inception. The Company is also dependent upon the receipt of capital investment or other financing to fund its ongoing operations
and to execute its business plan of seeking a combination with a private operating company. If continued funding and capital resources
are unavailable at reasonable terms, the Company may not be able to implement its plan of operations. 

Going Concern  

Our financial statements have been prepared
on a going concern basis. As of September 30, 2016, we have not generated any revenues since inception.  We expect to finance
our operations primarily through our existing cash, our operations and any future financing.  However, there exists substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern because we will be required to obtain additional capital in the future to
continue our operations and there is no assurance that we will be able to obtain such capital, through equity or debt financing,
or any combination thereof, or on satisfactory terms or at all. Additionally, no assurance can be given that any such financing,
if obtained, will be adequate to meet our capital needs. If adequate capital cannot be obtained on a timely basis and on satisfactory
terms, our operations would be materially negatively impacted. Therefore, our auditor has substantial doubt as to our ability to
continue as a going concern. Our ability to complete additional offerings is dependent on the state of the debt and/or equity markets
at the time of any proposed offering, and such market s reception of the Company and the offering terms. There is no assurance
that capital in any form would be available to us, and if available, on terms and conditions that are acceptable. 

6  

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

Basis of Presentation    

The
accompanying unaudited interim financial statements and related notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) for the interim financial information, and with the
rules and regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) to Form 10-Q and Article 8 of
Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial
statements. The unaudited interim financial statements furnished reflect all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals)
which are, in the opinion of management, necessary to a fair statement of the results for the interim period presented. Unaudited
interim results are not necessarily indicative of the results for the full fiscal year. These financial statements should be read
in conjunction with our audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015  and notes thereto contained
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 14, 2016. 

Cash Equivalents   

The Company considers all highly liquid
investments with maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. 

Revenue Recognition   

The Company recognizes revenue when it
is realized or realizable and earned. The Company considers revenue realized or realizable and earned when all of the following
criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) the product has been shipped or the services have been
rendered to the customer, (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments   

The Company follows paragraph 825-10-50-10
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for disclosures about fair value of its financial instruments and paragraph 820-10-35-37
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( Paragraph 820-10-35-37 ) to measure the fair value of its financial
instruments. Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles
(GAAP), and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. To increase consistency and comparability in fair value measurements
and related disclosures, Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques
used to measure fair value into three (3) broad levels. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted)
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. The three (3) levels of fair
value hierarchy defined by Paragraph 820-10-35-37 are described below: 

Level 1  
       
      Quoted market prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date.   

Level 2  
       
      Pricing inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date.   

Level 3  
       
      Pricing inputs that are generally observable inputs and not corroborated by market data.   

Financial assets are considered Level 3
when their fair values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques and at least
one significant model assumption or input is unobservable. 

The fair value hierarchy gives the highest
priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable
inputs. If the inputs used to measure the financial assets and liabilities fall within more than one level described above, the
categorization is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of the instrument. 

7  

The carrying amounts of the Company s
financial assets and liabilities, such as cash and accrued expenses approximate their fair value because of the short maturity
of this instrument. 

Transactions involving related parties
cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm's-length basis, as the requisite conditions of competitive, free-market dealings
may not exist. Representations about transactions with related parties, if made, shall not imply that the related party transactions
were consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm's-length transactions unless such representations can be substantiated. 

Use of Estimates and Assumptions
and Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions   

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date(s) of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period(s). 

Critical
accounting estimates are estimates for which (a) the nature of the estimate is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment
necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change and (b) the impact of the estimate
on financial condition or operating performance is material. The Company s critical accounting estimates and assumptions
affecting the financial statements were:  

(i)  
       Assumption as a going concern :   Management assumes that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business ;    

(ii)  
       Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets :   Management assumes that the realization of the Company s net deferred tax assets resulting from its net operating loss ( NOL ) carry forwards for Federal income tax purposes that may be offset against future taxable income was not considered more likely than not and accordingly, the potential tax benefits of the net loss carry-forwards are offset by a full valuation allowance. Management made this assumption based on (a) the Company has incurred recurring losses, (b) general economic conditions, (c) its ability to raise additional funds to support its daily operations by way of a public or private offering, among other factors.   

These significant accounting estimates
or assumptions bear the risk of change due to the fact that there are uncertainties attached to these estimates or assumptions,
and certain estimates or assumptions are difficult to measure or value. 

Management bases its estimates on historical
experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable in relation to the financial statements taken as a whole
under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources. 

Management regularly evaluates the key
factors and assumptions used to develop the estimates utilizing currently available information, changes in facts and circumstances,
historical experience and reasonable assumptions. After such evaluations, if deemed appropriate, those estimates are adjusted accordingly. 

Actual results could differ from those
estimates. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

Accounting standards that have been issued or proposed by FASB
that do not require adoption until a future date are not expected to have a material impact on the financial statements upon adoption. 

8  

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We do not have any off balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition,
sales or expenses, results of operations, liquidity or capital expenditures, or capital resources that are material to an investment
in our securities. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk.  

Not applicable because we are a smaller reporting company. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures.  

Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

Pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 ( Exchange Act ), the Company carried out an evaluation, with the participation of the Company s
management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Chief Financial Officer ( CFO )
(the Company s principal financial and accounting officer), of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based
upon that evaluation, the Company s CEO and CFO concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are
not effective as of September 30, 2016 to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that the
Company files or submits under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified
in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management,
including the Company s CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure for the reason
described below. 

Because of our limited operations, we have
limited number of employees which prohibits a segregation of duties. In addition, we lack a formal audit committee with a financial
expert. As we grow and expand our operations we will engage additional employees and experts as needed. However, there can be no
assurance that our operations will expand. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings.  

From time to time, we may become involved
in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise, in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject to inherent
uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. We are currently
not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition or operating results. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors.  

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds.  

There were no unregistered sales of the Company s equity
securities during the three months ended September 30, 2016, that were not otherwise disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K.   

9  

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  

There has been no default in the payment of principal, interest,
sinking or purchase fund installment, or any other material default, with respect to any indebtedness of the Company.  

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.  

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information.  

There is no other information required to be disclosed under
this item which was not previously disclosed.  

Item 6. Exhibits.  

Exhibit   
  Number   
       
       Description    

31.1  
       
      Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      31.2  
       
      Certifications of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 
      32.1+  
       
      Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 
      32.2+  
       
      Certifications of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 
      101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document   
 
      101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   
 
      101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.   
 
      101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.   
 
      101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.   
 
      101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.   

+ In accordance with the SEC Release 33-8238, deemed being furnished and not filed. 

10  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

WORLDS MALL, INC.   

/s/  Min Huang   

Name: Min Huang  

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal   
 Executive Officer)  

WORLDS MALL, INC.   

/s/  Yimin Sun   

Name: Yimin Sun  

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Accounting Officer)  

11  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452405_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

  OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302  

  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Min Huang, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Worlds
Mall, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)       Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)       Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)       Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)       Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrants  other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)       All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)       Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/  Min Huang   

Min Huang  

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452405_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

  OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302  

  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Yimin Sun, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of Worlds Mall, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)       Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)       Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)       Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)       Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrants  other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)       All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)       Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/  Yimin Sun   

Yimin Sun  

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452405_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906  

  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections
(a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), the undersigned officer of Worlds Mall, Inc. (the  Company ),
does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that: 

The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September
30, 2016 (the  Form 10-Q ) of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable,
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in the Form 10-Q. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/  Min Huang   

Min Huang  

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v452405_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING
OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906  

  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), the undersigned
officer of Worlds Mall, Inc. (the  Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that: 

The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Form 10-Q ) of the Company fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Form
10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of, and for,
the periods presented in the Form 10-Q. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/  Yimin Sun   

Yimin Sun  

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Accounting Officer)  

The foregoing certification is being furnished
as an exhibit to the Form 10-Q pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K and Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
(subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and, accordingly, is not being filed as part
of the Form 10-Q for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not incorporated by reference
into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language
in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 wmal-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 wmal-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 wmal-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 wmal-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 wmal-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 wmal-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

