<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1464790_0001615774-16-008291_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7540888</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>535768</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>362704</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2103413</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2968431</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1388474</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>118</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001615774-16-008291.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114182730
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001615774-16-008291
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			B. Riley Financial, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001464790
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				270223495
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37503
		FILM NUMBER:		161997138

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		21255 BURBANK BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			WOODLAND HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91367
		BUSINESS PHONE:		818-884-3737

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		21255 BURBANK BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			WOODLAND HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91367

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Great American Group, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090522

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001615774-16-008291.txt : 20161121

10-Q
 1
 s104618_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED
STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One)  

x  
       QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934    

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   

Or    

o  
       TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934    

For the transition period from              to    

Commission File Number 000-54010  

B. RILEY
FINANCIAL, INC.   
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)  

(818) 884-3737  
(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

21860 Burbank Blvd.,
Suite 300 South, Woodland Hills, CA  

  (Former name,
former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant:
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x  No  o  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  x 
No  o  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check
one) 

Large
accelerated filer   o         Accelerated
filer   o        Non-accelerated
filer   o      Smaller
reporting company   x  

 (Do not check if a smaller
reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes   o 
No  x  

As of November 11, 2016, there were 19,043,072
shares of the registrant s common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, outstanding. 

B. Riley Financial, Inc.  

  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q  

  For The Quarter Ended September 30, 2016  

  Table of Contents  

Page    

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.  
       Unaudited Financial Statements   
      3   

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   
      3   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      4   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      5   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      6   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      7   

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
      8   

Item 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      25   

Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      40   

Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      40   

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1.   
       Legal Proceedings   
      41   

Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
      41   

Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      47   

Item 3.  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      47   

Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      47   

Item 5.  
       Other Information   
      47   

Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
      47   

Signatures   
      48   

2   

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial
Statements  

B. RILEY FINANCIAL,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Condensed Consolidated
Balance Sheets  

  (Dollars in thousands,
except par value)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3   

B. RILEY FINANCIAL,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Operations  

  (Unaudited)  

  (Dollars in thousands,
except share data)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4   

B. RILEY FINANCIAL,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive Income  

  (Unaudited)  

  (Dollars in thousands)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5   

B. RILEY FINANCIAL,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Equity  

  (Unaudited)  

  (Dollars in thousands)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6   

B. RILEY FINANCIAL,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows  

  (Unaudited)  

  (Dollars in thousands)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

7   

B. RILEY FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (Dollars in thousands, except share data)  

NOTE 1 ORGANIZATION, BUSINESS OPERATIONS AND SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Organization and Nature of Operations   

B. Riley Financial,
Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively the  Company ) provide investment banking and financial services to corporate,
institutional and high net worth clients, and asset disposition, valuation and appraisal and capital advisory services to a wide
range of retail, wholesale and industrial clients, as well as lenders, capital providers, private equity investors and professional
services firms throughout the United States, Canada, and Europe, and with the acquisition of United Online, Inc. ( UOL )
on July 1, 2016, provide consumer internet access and related subscription services. 

With the acquisition
of UOL, the Company now operates in four operating segments: (i) Capital Markets, through which the Company provides investment
banking, corporate finance, restructuring, research, sales and trading and wealth management services to corporate, institutional
and high net worth clients; (ii) Auction and Liquidation, through which the Company provides auction and liquidation services to
help clients dispose of assets that include multi-location retail inventory, wholesale inventory, trade fixtures, machinery and
equipment, intellectual property and real property; (iii) Valuation and Appraisal, through which the Company provides valuation
and appraisal services to clients with independent appraisals in connection with asset based loans, acquisitions, divestitures
and other business needs and (iv) Communications, through which the Company provides consumer internet access and related subscription
services. 

Public Offering of Common Stock   

On May 10, 2016, the
Company completed the public offering of 2,420,980 shares of common stock at a price to the public of $9.50 per share.  The
net proceeds from the offering were $22,759 after deducting underwriting commissions and other offering expenses.  

NOTE 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

(a)      Principles of Consolidation and Basis of Presentation     

The
condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of B. Riley Financial, Inc. and its wholly-owned and
majority-owned subsidiaries. On July 1, 2016 B. Riley Financial, Inc. acquired UOL which is included in the consolidated
financial statements for periods after July 1, 2016. The condensed consolidated financial statements also include the
accounts of Great American Global Partners, LLC which is controlled by the Company as a result of its ownership of a 50%
member interest, appointment of two of the three executive officers and significant influence over the funding of operations.
The condensed consolidated financial statements also include the accounts of GA Retail Investments, L.P. which is controlled
by the Company as a result of its ownership of a 50% partnership interest, appointment of executive officers and significant
influence over the operations, and guarantee of certain amounts under the promissory note. The condensed consolidated
financial statements have been prepared by the Company, without audit, pursuant to interim financial reporting guidelines and
the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Certain information and footnote disclosures
normally included in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. In the opinion of
the Company s management, all adjustments, consisting of only normal and recurring adjustments, necessary for a
fair presentation of the financial position and the results of operations for the periods presented have been included.
These condensed consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes should be read in conjunction with the
audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in the Company s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 28, 2016. The
results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the operating results to
be expected for the full fiscal year or any future periods. 

(b)        Use of Estimates      

The preparation
of the condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed consolidated financial statements and reported
amounts of revenue and expense during the reporting period. Estimates are used when accounting for certain items such as valuation
of securities, reserves for accounts receivable and slow moving goods held for sale or auction, the carrying value of intangible
assets and goodwill, the fair value of mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interests, fair value of share based arrangements,
fair value of contingent consideration in business combination s and accounting for income tax valuation allowances. Estimates
are based on historical experience, where applicable, and assumptions that management believes are reasonable under the circumstances.
Due to the inherent uncertainty involved with estimates, actual results may differ. 

8   

(c)      Revenue Recognition      

Revenues
are recognized in accordance with the accounting guidance when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the related services
have been provided, the fee is fixed or determinable, and collection is reasonably assured. 

Revenues
in the Capital Markets segment are primarily comprised of (i) fees earned from corporate finance, investment banking, restructuring
and wealth management services; and (ii) revenues from sales and trading activities. 

Fees
earned from corporate finance, investment banking and restructuring services are derived from debt, equity and convertible securities
offerings in which the Company acted as an underwriter or placement agent and from financial advisory services rendered in connection
with client mergers, acquisitions, restructurings, recapitalizations and other strategic transactions. Fees from underwriting activities
are recognized in earnings when the services related to the underwriting transaction are completed under the terms of the engagement
and when the income was determined and is not subject to any other contingencies. 

Fees
from wealth management services consist primarily of investment management fees that are recognized over the period the services
are provided. Investment management fees are primarily comprised of fees for investment management services and are generally based
on the dollar amount of the assets being managed. 

Revenues
from sales and trading include (i) commissions resulting from equity securities transactions executed as agent or principal and
are recorded on a trade date basis, (ii) related net trading gains and losses from market making activities and from the commitment
of capital to facilitate customer orders, (iii) fees paid for equity research and (iv) principal transactions which include
realized and unrealized net gains and losses resulting from our principal investments in equity and other securities for the Company s
account. 

Revenues
in the Auction and Liquidation segment are comprised of (i) commissions and fees earned on the sale of goods at auctions and
liquidations; (ii) revenues from auction and liquidation services contracts where the Company guarantees a minimum recovery
value for goods being sold at auction or liquidation; (iii) revenue from the sale of goods that are purchased by the Company
for sale at auction or liquidation sales events; (iv) fees earned from real estate services and the origination of loans;
and (v) revenues from contractual reimbursable expenses incurred in connection with auction and liquidation contracts. 

Commission
and fees earned on the sale of goods at auction and liquidation sales are recognized when evidence of an arrangement exists, the
sales price has been determined, title has passed to the buyer and the buyer has assumed the risks of ownership, and collection
is reasonably assured. The commission and fees earned for these services are included in revenues in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations. Under these types of arrangements, revenues also include contractual reimbursable costs which totaled
$1,607 and $1,921 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $6,450 and $5,910 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Revenues
earned from auction and liquidation services contracts where the Company guarantees a minimum recovery value for goods being sold
at auction or liquidation are recognized based on proceeds received. The Company records proceeds received from these types of
engagements first as a reduction of contractual reimbursable expenses, second as a recovery of its guarantee and thereafter as
revenue, subject to such revenue meeting the criteria of having been fixed or determinable. Contractual reimbursable expenses and
amounts advanced to customers for minimum guarantees are initially recorded as advances against customer contracts in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets. If, during the auction or liquidation sale, the Company determines that the proceeds from the sale
will not meet the minimum guaranteed recovery value as defined in the auction or liquidation services contract, the Company accrues
a loss on the contract in the period that the loss becomes known. 

The Company
also evaluates revenue from auction and liquidation contracts in accordance with the accounting guidance to determine whether to
report Auction and Liquidation segment revenue on a gross or net basis. The Company has determined that it acts as an agent in
a substantial majority of its auction and liquidation services contracts and therefore reports the auction and liquidation revenues
on a net basis. 

Revenues
from the sale of goods are recorded gross and are recognized in the period in which the sale of goods held for sale or auction
are completed, title to the property passes to the purchaser and the Company has fulfilled its obligations with respect to the
transaction. These revenues are primarily the result of the Company acquiring title to merchandise with the intent of selling the
items at auction or for augmenting liquidation sales. For liquidation contracts where we take title to retail goods, our net sales
represent gross sales invoiced to customers, less certain related charges for discounts, returns, and other promotional allowances
and are recorded net of sales or value added tax. 

9   

Revenues
in the Valuation and Appraisal segment are primarily comprised of fees for valuation and appraisal services. Revenues are recognized
upon the delivery of the completed services to the related customers and collection of the fee is reasonably assured. Revenues
in the Valuation and Appraisal segment also include contractual reimbursable costs which totaled $673 and $734 for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $2,059 and $2,156 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Revenues
in the Communications segment are primarily comprised of services revenues, which are derived primarily from fees charged to pay
accounts; advertising and other revenues; and products revenues, which are derived primarily from the sale mobile broadband service
devices, including the related shipping and handling fees. 

Service
revenues are derived primarily from fees charged to pay accounts and are recognized in the period in which fees are fixed or determinable
and the related services are provided to the customer. The Company s pay accounts generally pay in advance for their services
by credit card, PayPal, automated clearinghouse or check, and revenues are then recognized ratably over the service period. Advance
payments from pay accounts are recorded on the condensed consolidated balance sheet as deferred revenue. In circumstances where
payment is not received in advance, revenues are only recognized if collectibility is reasonably assured. 

Advertising
revenues consist primarily of amounts from the Company s internet search partner that are generated as a result of users
utilizing the partner s internet search services and amounts generated from display advertisements. The Company recognizes
such advertising revenues in the period in which the advertisement is displayed or, for performance-based arrangements, when the
related performance criteria are met. In determining whether an arrangement exists, the Company ensures that a written contract
is in place, such as a standard insertion order or a customer-specific agreement. The Company assesses whether performance criteria
have been met and whether the fees are fixed or determinable based on a reconciliation of the performance criteria and the payment
terms associated with the transaction. The reconciliation of the performance criteria generally includes a comparison of the Company s
internally-tracked performance data to the contractual performance obligation and, when available, to third-party or customer-provided
performance data. 

(d)      Direct Cost of Services     

Direct
cost of services relate to service and fee revenues in the Valuation and Appraisal, Auction and Liquidation and Communications
segments. Direct cost of services for the Valuation and Appraisal segment consist of employee compensation and related payroll
benefits, travel expenses, the cost of consultants assigned to revenue-generating activities and direct expenses billable to clients
in the Valuation and Appraisal segment. Direct costs of services in the Auction and Liquidation segment include the cost of consultants
and other direct expenses related to auction and liquidation contracts pursuant to commission and fee based arrangements and amounts
for profit participation under collaborative arrangements in which the Company is a majority participant. Direct cost of services
in the C ommunications segment include cost of telecommunications and data center
costs, personnel and overhead-related costs associated with operating the Company s networks and data centers, depreciation
of network computers and equipment, third party advertising sales commissions, license fees, costs related to providing customer
support, costs related to customer billing and processing of customer credit cards and associated bank fees.  Direct cost
of services does not include an allocation of the Company s overhead costs. 

(e)      Concentration of Risk      

Revenue
from one liquidation engagement represented 24.4% of total revenues during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 15.6%
of total revenues during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Revenue from one wholesale auction and liquidation engagement
represented 11.7% of total revenues during the three months ended September 30, 2015 and revenues from one liquidation engagement
represented 14.0% of total revenues during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Revenues in the Valuation and Appraisal segment
and the Auction and Liquidation segment are currently primarily generated in the United States. 

Revenues
in the Capital Markets, Auction and Liquidation, Valuation and Appraisal and Communications segment are primarily generated in
the United States, Canada and Europe. The Company s activities in the Auction and Liquidation segment are executed frequently
with, and on behalf of, distressed customers and secured creditors. Concentrations of credit risk can be affected by changes in
economic, industry, or geographical factors. The Company seeks to control its credit risk and potential risk concentration through
risk management activities that limit the Company s exposure to losses on any one specific liquidation services contract
or concentration within any one specific industry. To mitigate the exposure to losses on any one specific liquidation services
contract, the Company sometimes conducts operations with third parties through collaborative arrangements. 

10   

The Company
maintains cash in various federally insured banking institutions. The account balances at each institution periodically exceed
the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation s ( FDIC ) insurance coverage, and as a result, there is a concentration
of credit risk related to amounts in excess of FDIC insurance coverage. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts.
The Company also has substantial cash balances from proceeds received from auctions and liquidation engagements that are distributed
to parties in accordance with the collaborative arrangements. 

(f)      Share-Based Compensation      

The Company s
share based payment awards principally consist of grants of restricted stock and restricted stock units. Share based payment awards
also include grants of membership interests in the Company s majority owned subsidiaries. The grants of membership interests
consist of percentage interests in the Company s majority owned subsidiaries as determined at the date of grant. In accordance
with the applicable accounting guidance, share based payment awards are classified as either equity or liabilities. For equity-classified
awards, the Company measures compensation cost for the grant of membership interests at fair value on the date of grant and recognizes
compensation expense in the condensed consolidated statement of operations over the requisite service or performance period the
award is expected to vest. The fair value of the liability-classified award will be subsequently remeasured at each reporting date
through the settlement date. Change in fair value during the requisite service period will be recognized as compensation cost over
that period. 

(g)      Income Taxes      

The Company
recognizes deferred tax liabilities and assets for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the
condensed consolidated financial statements or tax returns. Deferred tax liabilities and assets are determined based on the difference
between the financial statement basis and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in
which the differences are expected to reverse. The Company estimates the degree to which tax assets and credit carry forwards will
result in a benefit based on expected profitability by tax jurisdiction. A valuation allowance for such tax assets and loss carry
forwards is provided when it is determined to be more likely than not that the benefit of such deferred tax asset will not be realized
in future periods. Tax benefits of operating loss carry forwards are evaluated on an ongoing basis, including a review of historical
and projected future operating results, the eligible carry forward period, and other circumstances. If it becomes more likely than
not that a tax asset will be used, the related valuation allowance on such assets would be reduced. 

The Company
recognizes tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained
on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. Once this threshold has been met, the
Company's measurement of its expected tax benefits is recognized in its financial statements. The Company accrues interest on unrecognized
tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. Penalties, if incurred, would be recognized as a component of income tax expense. 

(h)      Cash and Cash Equivalents      

The Company
considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. 

(i)      Restricted Cash      

As of
September 30, 2016, restricted cash included $76,343 of cash collateral related to a retail liquidation engagement in Australia,
$1,119 of cash collateral for letters of credit, $292 of cash collateral for foreign exchange contracts and $533 cash segregated
in a special bank accounts for the benefit of customers related to our broker dealer subsidiary and collateral for one of our telecommunication
suppliers. As of December 31, 2015, restricted cash included $51 of cash segregated in a special reserve bank account for the benefit
of customers related to our broker dealer subsidiary. 

(j)      Accounts Receivable      

Accounts
receivable represents amounts due from the Company s auction and liquidation, valuation and appraisal, capital markets customers
and communication customers primarily from revenues earned from advertising. The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts
for estimated losses inherent in its accounts receivable portfolio. In establishing the required allowance, management utilizes
a specific customer identification methodology. Management also considers historical losses adjusted for current market conditions
and the customers  financial condition and the current receivables aging and current payment patterns. Account balances are
charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered
remote. The Company does not have any off-balance sheet credit exposure related to its customers. Bad debt expense and changes
in the allowance for doubtful accounts for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are included in Note 3. 

11   

(k)      Advances Against Customer Contracts     

Advances
against customer contracts represent advances of contractually reimbursable expenses incurred prior to, and during the term of
the auction and liquidation services contract. These advances are charged to expense in the period that revenue is recognized under
the contract. 

(l)      Goods Held for Sale or Auction      

Goods
held for sale or auction are stated at the lower of cost, determined by the specific-identification method, or market. At September
30, 2016, goods held for sale or auction includes retail inventory of $8,600 related to a retail liquidation engagement in the
Netherlands, mobile broadband service devices and modems of $509 and aircraft parts and other with a carrying value of $36 (which
 includes a lower of cost or market adjustment of $1,331).  At December 31, 2015, goods held
for sale or auction includes aircraft parts and other with a carrying value of $37 (which  includes a lower of cost or market
adjustment of $1,330). 

(m)      Property and Equipment      

Property
and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation and amortization is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful
lives of the assets. Property and equipment held under capital leases are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of
the lease term or estimated useful life of the asset. Property and equipment under capital leases are stated at the present value
of minimum lease payments. Depreciation and amortization expense was $531 and $102 for the three months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively, and $706 and $315 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

(n)      Securities Owned and Securities Sold Not Yet Purchased      

Securities
owned consist of marketable securities and investments in partnership interests and other securities recorded at fair value.  Securities
sold, but not yet purchased represents obligations of the Company to deliver the specified security at the contracted price and
thereby create a liability to purchase the security in the market at prevailing prices.  Changes in the value of these
securities are reflected currently in the results of operations. 

As of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company s securities owned and securities sold not yet purchased at fair value
consisted of the following securities: 

(o)      Fair Value Measurements      

The Company s
assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers
factors specific to the asset or liability. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer
a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. A fair value measurement assumes that
the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability occurs in the principal market for the asset or liability or, in the
absence of a principal market, the most advantageous market. In general, fair values determined by Level 1 inputs utilize quoted
prices (unadjusted) for identical instruments that are highly liquid, observable and actively traded in over-the-counter markets.
Fair values determined by Level 2 inputs utilize inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the
asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets,
quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active and model-derived valuations whose inputs are
observable and can be corroborated by market data. Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market
activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure
fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, the level in the fair value hierarchy within
which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls has been determined based on the lowest level input that is significant
to the fair value measurement in its entirety. The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the
fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, and considers factors specific to the asset or liability. 

12   

The Company s
securities owned and securities sold and not yet purchased are comprised of common stocks, corporate bonds and investments in partnerships.
Investments in common stocks are based on quoted prices in active markets which are included in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.
The Company also holds nonpublic common stocks and warrants for which there is little or no public market and fair value is determined
by management on a consistent basis. For investments where little or no public market exists, management s determination
of fair value is based on the best available information which may incorporate management s own assumptions and involves
a significant degree of judgment, taking into consideration various factors including earnings history, financial condition, recent
sales prices of the issuer s securities and liquidity risks. These investments are included in Level 3 of the fair value
hierarchy. Investments in partnership interests include investments in private equity partnerships that primarily invest in equity
securities, bonds, and direct lending funds. The Company s partnership interests are valued based on the Company s
proportionate share of the net assets of the partnership which is derived from the most recent statements received from the general
partner which are included in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 

The fair
value of mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interests is determined based on the issuance of similar interests for cash, references
to industry comparables, and relied, in part, on information obtained from appraisal reports and internal valuation models. 

The following
tables present information on the financial assets and liabilities measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis as
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

13   

The changes
in Level 3 fair value hierarchy during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is as follows: 

The
amount reported in the table above for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 includes the amount of undistributed
earnings attributable to the noncontrolling interests that is distributed on a quarterly basis. The fair value adjustment for
contingent consideration in the table above during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 includes an adjustment for
imputed interest of $78. The fair value adjustment for contingent consideration in the table above of $2,347 during the nine
months ended September 30, 2015 includes the initial value of contingent consideration of $2,229 and an adjustment for
imputed interest of $118. 

The carrying
amounts reported in the condensed consolidated financial statements for cash, restricted cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable,
accrued payroll and related, accrued value added tax, and accrued expenses and other current liabilities approximate fair value
based on the short-term maturity of these instruments. 

The
carrying amounts of the asset based credit facility approximate fair value because the contractual interest rates or effective
yields of such instruments are consistent with current market rates of interest for instruments of comparable credit risk.  

(p) Contingent Consideration   

In connection
with the acquisition of MK Capital on February 2, 2015, the purchase agreement required the payment of contingent consideration
to the former members of MK Capital in the form of future cash payments of $1,250 and issuance of 166,667 shares of common stock
on the first anniversary date of the closing (February 2, 2016) and a final cash payment of $1,250 and issuance of 166,666 shares
of common stock on the second anniversary date of the closing (February 2, 2017). The contingent cash consideration has been classified
as a liability in the condensed balance sheets in accordance with ASC 805,  Business Combination  ( ASC 805 ).
The fair value of the contingent cash consideration has been discounted at 8.0%. The balance of the contingent consideration liability
was $1,219 (discount of $31) at September 30, 2016. The balance of the contingent consideration liability was $2,391 (discount
of $109) at December 31, 2015 and has been recorded as contingent consideration liability   current portion in the amount
of $1,241 and contingent consideration liability, net of current portion in the amount of $1,150 in the condensed consolidated
balance sheet. Imputed interest expense totaled $23 and $45 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively,
and $78 and $118 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The fair value of the contingent stock consideration
has been classified as equity in accordance with ASC 805. The contingent cash and stock consideration is payable on the first and
second anniversary dates of the closing provided that MK Capital generates a minimum amount of gross revenues as defined in the
purchase agreement for the twelve months following the first and second anniversary dates of the closing. MK Capital achieved the
minimum amount of revenues for the first anniversary period and the contingent cash consideration in the amount of $1,250 and contingent
stock consideration consisting of 166,667 shares of common stock for such first anniversary period was paid and issued on February
2, 2016. 

(q) Derivative and Foreign Currency Translation   

The Company
periodically uses derivative instruments, which primarily consist of the purchase of forward exchange contracts, for certain auction
and liquidation engagements with operations outside the United States. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company s
use of derivatives consisted of the purchase of forward exchange contracts (a) in the amount of $10,200 Canadian dollars that was
settled at various periods prior to August 31, 2016, (b) in the amount of $20,000 Australian dollars to be settled on December
30, 2016, and (c) 5,600 Euro s to be settled on December 30, 2016.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2015,
 the Company s use of derivatives consisted of the purchase of forward exchange contracts totaling
$16,870 Canadian dollars that were settled prior to November 30, 2015 .  The net loss from the foreign exchange contracts
was $76 and $115 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and the net gain from the foreign exchange
contracts was $68 and $28 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. These amounts are reported as
a component of selling, general and administrative expenses in the condensed consolidated financial statements.  

14   

The Company
transacts business in various foreign currencies. In countries where the functional currency of the underlying operations has been
determined to be the local country's currency, revenues and expenses of operations outside the United States are translated into
United States dollars using average exchange rates while assets and liabilities of operations outside the United States are translated
into United States dollars using period-end exchange rates. The effects of foreign currency translation adjustments are included
in stockholders' equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance
sheets. Foreign currency transaction losses were $511 and $196 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively
and $531 and $252 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These amounts are included in selling,
general and administrative expenses in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

(r) Recent Accounting Pronouncements    

In February
2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No.
2016-02: Leases (Topic 842) ( ASU 2016-02 ). The amendments in this update require lessees, among other things, to
recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet for those leases classified as operating leases under previous
authoritative guidance. This update also introduces new disclosure requirements for leasing arrangements. ASU 2016-02 will be effective
for the Company in fiscal year 2019, but early application is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this
update on the consolidated financial statements. 

In May 2014,
the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which amends revenue recognition requirements for multiple
deliverable revenue arrangements. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer
of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled
in exchange for those goods or services. The amendments in this ASU will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after
December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is not permitted. The amendments
should be applied retrospectively. In July 2015, the FASB approved a one-year deferral of the effective date with early adoption
permitted. The Company has not yet adopted this update and is currently evaluating the impact it may have on its financial condition
and results of operations. 

In March
2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent
Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net). The amendments in this update do not change the core principle of the guidance
as noted above at ASU No. 2014-09. The amendments clarify the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations.
The effective date and transition requirements for the amendments in this update are the same as the effective date and transition
requirements of ASU No. 2014-09. The Company has not yet adopted this update and is currently evaluating the impact it may
have on its financial condition and results of operations. 

In March
2016,  the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Compensation Stock
Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. The amendments in this update involve simplification
in several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification
of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. The amendments in this update are
effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The amendments
in this update require both prospective and retrospective application with earlier application permitted as of the beginning of
an interim or annual reporting period. The Company has not yet adopted this update and is currently evaluating the impact it may
have on its financial condition and results of operations.   

In
August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification
of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments (ASU 2016-15), which clarifies how companies present and classify certain cash
receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for us in our first quarter of fiscal year
2019 , but early application is permitted .  The Company has not
yet adopted this update and is currently evaluating the impact it may have on its financial condition and results of operations. 

15   

NOTE 3  AQUISITIONS AND RESTRUCTURING
CHARGE   

Acquisition of United Online,
Inc.   

On May 4, 2016,
the Company entered into a definitive agreement and plan of merger to acquire all of the outstanding common stock of UOL, a
provider of consumer internet access and related subscription services, for $11.00 per share, or approximately $169,354 in
aggregate merger consideration. The consideration represented approximately $43,811 in cash consideration from the Company
after taking into account UOL s cash balance at closing of which $10,381 remains payable at September 30, 2016, which
is included in acquisition consideration payable in the condensed consolidated balance sheet, pending the outcome of the
legal matter more fully described in Note 10.  The shareholders of UOL approved the acquisition on June 29, 2016 and
customary closing conditions were satisfied and the acquisition was completed on July 1, 2016. The acquisition of UOL allows
the Company to benefit from the expected cash flows of UOL due in part to planned synergies from the elimination of duplicate
overhead functions with the Company. The acquisition of UOL is accounted for using the purchase method of accounting. 

The assets
and liabilities of UOL, both tangible and intangible, were recorded at their estimated fair values as of the July 1,
2016 acquisition date for UOL. The application of the purchase method of accounting resulted in goodwill of $18,107
which represents expected overhead synergies and acquired workforce. Acquisition related costs, such as legal, accounting,
valuation and other professional fees related to the acquisition of UOL were charged against earnings in the amount of $35
and $957 and included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the condensed consolidated statement of operations
for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016. The preliminary purchase accounting for the acquisition has
been accounted for as a stock purchase with all of the recognized goodwill is expected to be non-deductible for tax
purposes. 

The preliminary purchase
price allocation was as follows:  

16   

Pro Forma Financial Information   

The unaudited
financial information in the table below summarizes the combined results of operations of the Company and UOL, as though it
had occurred as of January 1, 2016 and January 1, 2015. The pro forma financial information presented includes the effects of adjustments
related to the amortization charges from the acquired intangible assets and the elimination of certain activities excluded
from the transaction. The pro forma financial information as presented below is for informational purposes only and is not
necessarily indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved if the acquisition had taken place at the
beginning of the earliest period presented, nor does it intend to be a projection of future results.     

Restructuring Charge   

During the
third quarter of 2016, after completing the acquisition of UOL, the Company initiated cost savings measures which included
a reduction in force for certain corporate and administrative employees of UOL. The reduction in force resulted in
a restructuring charge of $3,187 for employee termination costs in the Communications segment. In the
third quarter of 2016, the Company also entered into a sublease and consolidated one of the offices of the Company with the
former corporate offices of UOL. The sublease resulted in a restructuring charge of $398 related to office closure costs.
The related accruals are included in accrued expenses and other liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheet.
The following table summarizes the restructuring charges during 2016: 

NOTE 4  ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE   

The components of accounts receivable, net, include
the following: 

17   

Additions and changes to the allowance for doubtful
accounts consist of the following: 

Unbilled receivables
represent the amount of contractual reimbursable costs and fees for services performed in connection with fee and service based
auction and liquidation contracts. 

NOTE 5  GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE
ASSETS   

Goodwill of $52,634
at September 30, 2016 is comprised of $28,840 in the Capital Markets segment, $1,975 in the Auction and Liquidation segment, $3,713
in the Valuation and Appraisal segment and $18,106 in the Communications segment. Goodwill of $34,528 at December 31, 2015 is comprised
of $28,840 in the Capital Markets segment, $1,975 in the Auction and Liquidation segment and $3,713 in the Valuation and Appraisal
segment. 

Intangible assets consisted
of the following: 

Amortization expense
was $1,465 and $111 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $1,688 and $319 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. At September 30, 2016, estimated future amortization expense is $1,465, $5,632,
$5,403, $5,299 and $4,917 for the years ended December 31, 2016 (remaining three months), 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively.
The estimated future amortization expense after December 31, 2020 is $16,457. 

NOTE 6  CREDIT FACILITIES  

Credit facilities
consist of the following arrangements: 

At September 30,
2016, the Company has a $100,000 asset based credit facility pursuant to a Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement as
amended from time to time (the  Credit Agreement ) with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association ( Wells
Fargo Bank ). The credit facility currently expires on July 15, 2018. On March 19, 2014, the Company entered into a
separate credit agreement (a  UK Credit Agreement ) with an affiliate of Wells Fargo Bank which provides for the
financing of transactions in the United Kingdom. The facility allows the Company to borrow up to 50 million British Pounds.
Any borrowings on the UK Credit Agreement reduce the availability on the asset based $100,000 credit facility. The UK Credit
Agreement is cross collateralized and integrated in certain respects with the Credit Agreement. On October 5, 2016 the Company
amended the Credit Agreement to add the Company s Canadian subsidiary in order to facilitate borrowings to fund retail liquidation
transactions in Canada. Cash advances and the issuance of letters of credit under the credit facility are made at the
lender s discretion. The letters of credit issued under this facility are furnished by the lender to third parties for
the principal purpose of securing minimum guarantees under liquidation services contracts more fully described in Note 2(c).
All outstanding loans, letters of credit, and interest are due on the expiration date which is generally within 180 days of
funding. The credit facility is secured by the proceeds received for services rendered in connection with liquidation service
contracts pursuant to which any outstanding loan or letters of credit are issued and the assets that are sold at liquidation
related to such contract. The interest rate for each revolving credit advance under the Credit Agreement is, subject to
certain terms and conditions, equal to the LIBOR plus a margin of 2.25% to 3.25% depending on the type of advance and the
percentage such advance represents of the related transaction for which such advance is provided. The credit facility also
provides for success fees in the amount of 5% to 20% of the net profits, if any, earned on the liquidation engagements funded
under the Credit Agreement as set forth therein. Interest expense totaled $813 (including success fees of $732 and
amortization of deferred loan fees of $23) for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $1,087 (including success
fees of $732 and amortization of deferred loan fees of $69) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Interest expense
totaled $22 (comprised of amortization of deferred loan fees) for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and $343
(including success fees of $119 and amortization of deferred loan fees of $69) for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.
At September 30, 2016, there was $300 of standby letters of credit issued and outstanding under the credit facility. There
were no borrowings outstanding under this credit facility at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

18   

The Credit Agreement
governing the credit facility contains certain covenants, including covenants that limit or restrict the Company s ability
to incur liens, incur indebtedness, make investments, dispose of assets, make certain restricted payments, merge or consolidate
and enter into certain transactions with affiliates. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under the Credit Agreement, the
lender may cease making loans, terminate the Credit Agreement and declare all amounts outstanding under the Credit Agreement to
be immediately due and payable. The Credit Agreement specifies a number of events of default (some of which are subject to applicable
grace or cure periods), including, among other things, nonpayment defaults, covenant defaults, cross-defaults to other material
indebtedness, bankruptcy and insolvency defaults, and material judgment defaults. 

(b)      Line of Credit   

On May 17, 2011,
Great American Group Advisory   Valuation Services, LLC, a majority owned subsidiary of the Company ( GAAV ),
entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (Accounts Receivable Line of Credit) (the  Line of Credit ) with BFI
Business Finance ( BFI ). The Line of Credit was collateralized by the accounts receivable of GAAV and allows for borrowings
in the amount of 85% of the net face amount of prime accounts, as defined in the Line of Credit, with maximum borrowings not to
exceed $2,000. The interest rate under the Line of Credit was the prime rate plus 2% (6.5% at December 31, 2015), payable monthly
in arrears. The Line of Credit was amended effective February 3, 2012 and the maximum borrowings allowed was increased from $2,000
to $3,000. On December 7, 2015, the Company notified BFI to terminate the Line of Credit, all outstanding amounts under the Line
of Credit were repaid on January 27, 2016 and the Line of Credit was terminated upon maturity on February 3, 2016. At December
31, 2015, there was $3,922 of accounts receivable as collateral for the Line of Credit and the total borrowings outstanding was
$272 and $2,738 was available and unused. Interest expense totaled $77 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Interest expense
totaled $9 and $75 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

NOTE 7  NOTES PAYABLE  

In March 2015, the
Company had capital deployed for three retail liquidation engagements. On March 10, 2015, the Company borrowed $4,500 from Riley
Investment Partners, L.P. ( RIP ) in accordance with the subordinated unsecured promissory note (the  RIP Note ).
The principal amount of $4,500 for the RIP Note accrued interest at the rate of 10% per annum (or 15% in the event of a default
under the RIP Note). The borrowings were for short-term working capital needs and capital for other retail liquidation engagements.
RIP was also entitled to a success fee (the  Success Fee ) of 20% of the net profit, if any, earned by the Company
in connection with a designated liquidation transaction. Pursuant to the terms of the RIP Note, under no circumstances was the
Company obligated to pay RIP any portion of the combined amount of interest and the Success Fee which exceeded twelve percent (12%)
of the $4,500 principal amount of the RIP Note. The outstanding principal amount, together with the accrued and unpaid interest
and the Success Fee, were due and payable by the Company on March 9, 2016. The RIP Note was subordinated in certain respects to
the Company s guaranty relating to its existing credit facility with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and, in the event
of certain insolvency proceedings, with respect to such credit facility itself, as well as to any other indebtedness of the Company
to the extent required by the documents governing the repayment thereof. Interest expense on the RIP Note totaled $181 and $207
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The RIP Note was repaid on May 4, 2015. 

Riley Investment Management
LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, is the general partner of RIP. Bryant Riley, the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
of the Board of Directors of the Company, owns or controls approximately 45% of the equity interests of RIP. In addition, Thomas
Kelleher, the President and a director of the Company, and one other employee of the Company, own or control de minimis amounts
of the equity interests of RIP. After considering the economic interests of Mr. Riley and Mr. Kelleher in the RIP Note and comparing
the terms of the RIP Note to terms that may have been available from unaffiliated third parties, the disinterested members of the
Company s Board of Directors unanimously approved the issuance of the RIP Note. 

19   

In August 2016,
the Company formed GA Retail Investments, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, (the  Partnership ) which
required the Company to contribute $15,350. The Partnership borrowed $80,000 Australian dollars from a third party investor
in connection with its  formation and the $80,000 Australian dollars exchanged for a 50% special limited partnership
interest in the Partnership. The Partnership was formed to provide funding for the retail liquidation engagement we entered
into to liquidate the Masters Home Improvement stores. The $80,000 Australian participating note payable is non-interest
bearing, shares in 50% of the all of the profits and losses of the Partnership and is subject to repayment upon the
completion of the going-out-of-business sale of Masters Home Improvement stores as defined in the partnership agreement.
Although the terms of the participating note payable include the issuance of an 50% equity interest in the Partnership,
sharing in all profits and losses of the Partnership, and no repayment until certain events occur, in accordance with ASC 480
Distinguishing Liabilities From Equity, this financial instrument has been classified as a participating note payable in
the current liabilities of the liability section of the condensed consolidated financial statements. The balance of the
participating note payable at September 30, 2016 is $60,822. 

NOTE 8  INCOME TAXES   

The Company s
effective income tax rate was 38.9% and 35.5% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The effective
income tax rate for the each of the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is lower than the statutory federal and
state income tax rate due to the tax differential on net income attributable to noncontrolling interests during such periods. 

As of September 30,
2016, the Company had federal net operating loss carry forwards of $12,023, state net operating loss carry forwards of $13,886,
and foreign tax credit carry forwards of $1,121. The Company s federal net operating loss carry forwards will expire in the
tax year ending December 31, 2030, the state net operating loss carry forwards will expire in 2032, and the foreign tax credit
carry forwards will expire in 2022. As a result of the acquisition of UOL, the Company also has an additional $14,700 of estimated
federal net operating loss carryforwards that are available to offset future federal taxable income. The UOL net operating loss
carryforwards will expire in 2019. 

The Company establishes
a valuation allowance if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the
deferred tax assets will not be realized. Tax benefits of operating loss and tax credit carry forwards are evaluated on an ongoing
basis, including a review of historical and projected future operating results, the eligible carry forward period, and other circumstances.
As a result of the common stock offering by the Company that was completed on September 5, 2014, the Company had a more than 50%
ownership shift in accordance with Internal Revenue Code Section 382. Accordingly, the Company is limited to the amount of net
operating loss that may be utilized in future taxable years depending on the Company s actual taxable income. As of September
30, 2016, the Company believes that the net operating loss that existed as of the more than 50% ownership shift will be utilized
in future tax periods before the loss carry forwards expire and it is more-likely-than-not that future taxable earnings will be
sufficient to realize its deferred tax assets and has not provided an allowance. 

The Company is currently
open to audit under the statute of limitations by the Internal Revenue Service for the calendar years ended December 31, 2012
to 2015. The Company and its subsidiaries  state tax returns are also open to audit under similar statutes of limitations
for the same tax years. 

NOTE 9  EARNINGS PER SHARE  

Basic earnings per
share is calculated by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings
per share is calculated by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding, after giving effect
to all dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period. Basic common shares outstanding exclude 66,000 common shares
at September 30, 2016 and 2015 that are held in escrow and subject to forfeiture as a result of the failure to achieve certain
performance targets specified in connection with the transaction with Alternative Asset Management Acquisition Corp. in 2009 (the
 Acquisition ). The 66,000 common shares issued to the former members of Great American Group, LLC are subject to forfeiture
upon the final settlement of claims for goods held for sale in connection with the Acquisition. Dilutive common shares outstanding
includes contingently issuable shares that are currently in escrow and subject to release if the conditions for the final settlement
of claims for goods held for sale in connection with the Acquisition was satisfied at the end of the respective periods. 

20   

Basic and diluted
earnings per share was calculated as follows (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

Securities that could
potentially dilute earnings per share in the future that were excluded from the computation of diluted net income per share related
to restricted stock units were 650,019 shares and 448,793 shares for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively,
and 659,954 shares and 475,995 shares for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, because the effect would
have been antidilutive. 

NOTE 10  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

Legal Matters    

The Company is subject
to certain legal and other claims that arise in the ordinary course of its business. The Company does not believe that the results
of these claims are likely to have a material effect on its condensed consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

In January 2015, the
Company was served with a lawsuit that seeks to assert claims of breach of contract and other matters in connection with auction
services provided to a debtor.  The proceeding is pending in the bankruptcy case of the debtor and its affiliates (the  Debtor ). 
In the lawsuit, a former landlord of the Debtor generally alleges that the Company and a joint venture partner were responsible
for contamination while performing services in connection with the auction of certain assets of the Debtor and is seeking approximately
$10,000 in damages.  In April 2015, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the lawsuit and in March 2016 the Court issued its
opinion dismissing some claims while denying the motion with respect to other claims.  In April 2016, the Company filed an
answer with the Court denying the allegations in the complaint. The Company is vigorously defending this lawsuit. This lawsuit
is in the initial stages, and the financial impact to the Company, if any, cannot be estimated. 

On July 5, 2016, Quadre
Investments LP ( Quadre ) filed a petition with the Delaware Court of Chancery (the  Court ) seeking a
determination of fair value for 943,769 shares of common stock of UOL in connection with the acquisition of UOL by the Company.
Such transaction gave rise to appraisal rights pursuant to Section 262 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.
As a result, Quadre is entitled to petition the Court to receive fair value as determined by the Court. The Company does not believe
that the fair value of each share exceeds $11.00 per share, the acquisition consideration paid to UOL stockholders pursuant to
the agreement to acquire UOL, and the Company intends to contest the petition. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has recorded
approximately $10,381 of acquisition consideration payable and approximately $154 of accrued interest payable in connection with
the Quadre petition. 

NOTE 11  SHARE BASED PAYMENTS  

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company granted equity incentive rewards representing 518,735 shares of common stock with a total
fair value of $4,949 to certain employees and directors of the Company. Such equity incentive awards consisted of restricted stock
units subject to vesting representing 518,735 shares of common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company granted
equity incentive rewards representing 527,372 shares of common stock with a total fair value of $5,255 to certain employees and
directors of the Company. Such equity incentive awards consisted of restricted stock units subject to vesting representing 521,772
shares of common stock and stock bonus awards of 5,600 fully vested shares of common stock. The vesting periods for the equity
incentive awards generally range from one to three years. Share based compensation expense was $834 and $1,831 for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. Share based compensation expense was $727 and $1,193 for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

21   

The restricted stock
units generally vest over a period of one to three years based on continued service. In determining the fair value of restricted
stock units on the grant date, the fair value is adjusted for (a) estimated forfeitures, (b) expected dividends based on historical
patterns and the Company s anticipated dividend payments over the expected holding period and (c) the risk-free interest
rate based on U.S. Treasuries for a maturity matching the expected holding period. As of September 30, 2016, the expected remaining
unrecognized share based compensation expense of $6,223 will be expensed over a weighted average period of 1.8 years. 

A summary of equity
incentive award activity for the periods indicated was as follows: 

NOTE 12  NET CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS  

B. Riley   Co.,
LLC ( BRC ), a subsidiary of the Company, is a registered broker-dealer and, accordingly, is subject to the SEC Uniform
Net Capital Rule (Rule 15c3-1) which requires BRC to maintain minimum net capital and requires that the ratio of aggregate indebtedness
to net capital, both as defined, shall not exceed 15 to 1.  As of September 30, 2016, BRC had net capital of $7,644 (an excess
of $7,286).  BRC s net capital ratio for September 30, 2016 was 0.48 to 1. 

NOTE 13  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

On March 10, 2015,
the Company borrowed $4,500 from RIP in accordance with the RIP Note. The borrowings were for short-term working capital needs
and capital for other retail liquidation engagements. The principal amount of $4,500 for the RIP Note accrued interest at the rate
of 10% per annum (or 15% in the event of a default under the RIP Note) and included a Success Fee as more fully described in Note
7. Riley Investment Management LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, is the general partner of RIP. Bryant Riley, the
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company, owns or controls approximately 45% of the equity
interests of the RIP. In addition, Thomas Kelleher, the President and a director of the Company, and one other employee of the
Company, own or control de minimis amounts of the equity interests of RIP. After considering the economic interests of Mr. Riley
and Mr. Kelleher in the RIP Note and comparing the terms of the RIP Note to terms that may have been available from unaffiliated
third parties, the disinterested members of our Board of Directors unanimously approved the issuance of the RIP Note. Interest
expense on the RIP Note totaled $181 and $207 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The RIP Note
was repaid on May 4, 2015. 

At September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, amounts due from related party of $460 and $409, respectively, represented amounts due from GACP I, L.P,
of which Great American Capital Partners, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, is the general partner, for management
fees and other operating expenses. At September 30, 2016, amounts due from related party also included $271 due from CA Global
Partners, LLC ( CA Global ). At December 31, 2015, amounts due to related party of $166 represent amounts due to CA
Global. CA Global is one of the members of Great American Global Partners, LLC. 

In connection with
the offering of $28,750 of Senior Notes as more fully described in Note 15, certain members of management and the Board of Directors
of the Company purchased $2,731 or 9.5% of the Senior Notes offered by the Company. 

NOTE 14  BUSINESS SEGMENTS   

The
Company s operating segments reflect the manner in which the business is managed and how the Company allocates resources
and assesses performance internally. The Company has several operating subsidiaries through which it delivers specific services.
The Company provides investment banking, corporate finance, restructuring, research, wealth management, sales and trading services
to corporate, institutional and high net worth clients. The Company also provides auction and liquidation services to help clients
dispose of assets that include multi-location retail inventory, wholesale inventory, trade fixtures, machinery and equipment, intellectual
property and real property and valuation and appraisal services to clients with independent appraisals in connection with asset
based loans, acquisitions, divestitures and other business needs. As a result of the acquisition of UOL on July 1, 2016, the Company
provides  consumer services and products over the internet. 

22   

The Company s
business in 2015 was previously classified by management into the Capital Markets segment, Auction and Liquidation segment and
Valuation and Appraisal segment. In 2016, with the acquisition of UOL, the Company s business is classified into the Capital
Markets segment, Auction and Liquidation segment, Valuation and Appraisal segment and Communications segment. These reportable
segments are all distinct businesses, each with a different marketing strategy and management structure. 

The following
is a summary of certain financial data for each of the Company s reportable segments: 

23   

NOTE 15  SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

On November 2, 2016,
the Company issued $28,750 of Senior Notes, interest payable quarterly at 7.5% commencing January 31, 2017. The Senior
Notes are unsecured and due and payable in full on October 31, 2021. In connection with the issuance of the Senior Notes, the Company
received net proceeds of $27,892 (after underwriting commissions and fees of $858). In connection with the offering of the Senior Notes, certain members of management and the Board of Directors of the Company purchased $2,731 or 9.5% of the Senior
Notes offered by the Company. 

On November
13, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors approved a regular dividend of $0.08 per share and special dividend of $0.17
per share, which will both be paid on or about December 14, 2016 to stockholders of record on November 29, 2016. 

24   

Item 2.    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.    

This report contains
forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you can
identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may,   will,   should,   expect, 
 plan,   anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   predict,   potential 
or  continue,  the negative of such terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions. Actual
events or results may differ materially.   

Although we believe
that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of
activity, performance or achievements. Moreover, neither we, nor any other person, assume responsibility for the accuracy and completeness
of the forward-looking statements. We are under no obligation to update any of the forward-looking statements after the filing
of this Annual Report to conform such statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations.   

The following discussion
of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and
the related notes and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Readers are also urged to carefully
review and consider the various disclosures made by us which attempt to advise interested parties of the factors which affect our
business, including without limitation the disclosures made in Item 1A of Part II of this Quarterly Report under the caption
 Risk Factors .   

Risk factors that
could cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements include but are not limited to risks
related to: volatility in our revenues and results of operations; changing conditions in the financial markets; our ability to
generate sufficient revenues to achieve and maintain profitability; the short term nature of our engagements; the accuracy of our
estimates and valuations of inventory or assets in  guarantee  based engagements; competition in the asset management
business, potential losses related to our auction or liquidation engagements; our dependence on communications, information and
other systems and third parties; potential losses related to purchase transactions in our auction and liquidations business; the
potential loss of financial institution clients; potential losses from or illiquidity of our proprietary investments; changing
economic and market conditions; potential liability and harm to our reputation if we were to provide an inaccurate appraisal or
valuation; potential mark-downs in inventory in connection with purchase transactions; failure to successfully compete in any of
our segments; loss of key personnel; our ability to borrow under our credit facilities as necessary; failure to comply with the
terms of our credit agreements; our ability to realize the benefits of our acquisitions, including our ability to achieve anticipated
opportunities and operating cost savings, and accretion to reported earnings estimated to result from acquisitions in the time
frame expected by management or at all; the effect of competition; and our ability to meet future capital requirements.   

Except as otherwise
required by the context, references in this Annual Report to  the  Company,   B. Riley,   we, 
 us  or  our  refer to the combined business of B. Riley Financial, Inc. and all of its subsidiaries.   

Overview  

B.
Riley Financial, Inc. and its subsidiaries  (NASDAQ: RILY)  provide
collaborative financial services and solutions through several subsidiaries, including:  

B. Riley   Co., LLC ( BRC ),
a mid-sized, full service investment bank providing financial advisory, corporate finance, research, and sales   trading services
to corporate, institutional and high net worth individual clients;    

B. Riley Capital Management, LLC, an Securities
and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) registered investment advisor, which includes:    

o  B. Riley Asset Management, an advisor to certain public and private funds and to institutional
and high net worth investors;   

o  B. Riley Wealth Management (formerly MK Capital Advisors), a multi-family office practice and wealth
management firm focused on the needs of ultra-high net worth individuals and families; and   

o  Great American Capital Partners, LLC ( GACP ), the general partner of a private fund,
GACP I, L.P. a direct lending fund that provides senior secured loans and second lien secured loan facilities to middle market
public and private U.S. companies.   

Great American Group, LLC, a leading provider
of asset disposition and auction solutions to a wide range of retail and industrial clients; and     

Great American Group Advisory and Valuation
Services, LLC, a leading provider of appraisal and valuation services for asset based lenders, private equity firms and corporate
clients.    

25   

United Online Inc.  (UOL ),
a communications company that offers consumer subscription services and products, consisting of internet access services and devices
under the NetZero and Juno brands primarily sold in the United States.     

We are headquartered
in Los Angeles with offices in major financial markets throughout the United States and Europe. 

With the acquisition
of UOL on July 1, 2016, for financial reporting purposes we now classify our businesses into four operating segments: (i) capital
markets, (ii) auction and liquidation, (iii) valuation and appraisal and (iv) communications. 

Capital Markets
Segment . Our capital markets segment provides a full array of investment banking, corporate finance, research, wealth management,
sales and trading services to corporate, institutional and high net worth clients. Our corporate finance and investment banking
services include merger and acquisitions advisory services to public and private companies, initial and secondary public offerings,
and institutional private placements.  In addition, we trade equity securities as a principal for the Company s account,
including investments in funds managed by our subsidiaries. Our capital markets segment also includes our asset management businesses
that manage various private and public funds for institutional and individual investors. 

Auction
and Liquidation Segment.  Our auction and liquidation segment utilizes our significant industry experience, a scalable network
of independent contractors and industry-specific advisors to tailor our services to the specific needs of a multitude of clients,
logistical challenges and distressed circumstances. Furthermore, our scale and pool of resources allow us to offer our services
across North American as well as parts of Europe, Asia and Australia. Our auction and liquidation segment operates through two
main divisions, retail store liquidations and wholesale and industrial assets dispositions. Our wholesale and industrial assets
disposition division operates through limited liability companies that are controlled by us. 

Valuation
and Appraisal Segment.  Our valuation and appraisal segment provides valuation and appraisal services to financial institutions,
lenders, private equity firms and other providers of capital. These services primarily include the valuation of assets (i) for
purposes of determining and monitoring the value of collateral securing financial transactions and loan arrangements and (ii) in
connection with potential business combinations. Our valuation and appraisal segment operates through limited liability companies
that are majority owned by us. 

Communications
Segment . Our communications segment offers  consumer subscription services
consisting of Internet access under the NetZero and Juno brands. Internet access includes paid dial-up, mobile broadband and DSL
subscription services. The Company also offers email, Internet security, web hosting services, and other services.   

Recent Developments  

In March 2016, we
were engaged to liquidate the going-out-of-business sale of Hancock Fabrics, Inc. retail stores located throughout the United States.
As part of the liquidation engagement we provided a minimum guarantee of amounts to be realized from the liquidation of inventory.
In April 2016, we issued letters of credit totaling $10.8 million and borrowed $56.3 million under our asset based credit facility
to fund a portion of our minimum guarantee in connection with this liquidation engagement. The liquidation sale of inventory started
in April 2016 and was completed in July 2016. All of the $56.3 million of borrowings under our asset based credit facility was
repaid during the second quarter of 2016. 

On May 4, 2016, the
Company entered into a definitive agreement and plan of merger to acquire UOL for $11.00 per share, or approximately $169.4 million
in aggregate merger consideration. The consideration represents approximately $44.0 million in cash consideration from the Company
after taking into account the projected UOL cash balance at closing.  The shareholders of UOL voted to approve the acquisition
on June 29, 2016, and customary closing conditions were satisfied and the acquisition was completed on July 1, 2016. 

On May 10, 2016, the
Company completed the public offering of 2,420,980 shares of common stock at a price to the public of $9.50 per share.  The
net proceeds from the offering were $22.8 million, after deducting underwriting commissions and other offering expenses. 
Certain of the Company s officers, directors and employees, including Bryant R. Riley, the Company s Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer, and certain of his affiliates, participated in the offering and purchased in the aggregate 371,513 of the shares
sold in the offering. 

26   

In August
2016, the Company was engaged to liquidate the going-out-of-business sale of 63 Masters Home Improvement stores located
throughout Australia. As part of the liquidation engagement we provided a minimum guarantee of amounts to be realized from
the liquidation of inventory. We formed a limited partnership with a third party investor which required us to contribute
$15.4 million, in connection with our general and limited partnership interest, and we borrowed $61.4 million from a third
party investor. The $61.4 million of borrowing from the third party investor was contributed into the Partnership in exchange
for a 50% special limited partnership interest in the Partnership. The participating note payable is non-interest bearing,
shares in 50% of the all of the profits and losses of the Partnership and is subject to repayment upon the completion of the
going-out-of-business sale of Masters Home Improvement stores as defined in the partnership agreement. Although the terms of
the participating note payable include the issuance of an 50% equity interest in the Partnership, sharing in all profits and
losses of the Partnership, and no repayment until certain events occur, in accordance with ASC 480 Distinguishing Liabilities
From Equity, this financial instrument has been classified as  participating note payable in the current liabilities of
the liability section of the condensed consolidated financial statements. As the general partner in the Partnership and
ownership of a 50% interest in the Partnership, the Company controls the Partnership since the limited partners has limited
voting rights. These funds from the Partnership were used to deposit cash in the amount of $76.3 million to guarantee
our performance under the terms of the retail liquidation agreement. Since the Company controls the limited partnership, all
of the assets and liabilities of the limited partnership are included in our consolidated condensed balance sheet and
statement of operations. In connection with this transaction and the formation of the limited partnership the Company has
a participating note payable in the amount of $60.8 million included in current liabilities in our our condensed
consolidated balance sheet. 

In September 2016,
we were engaged to liquidate the inventory of 130 stores of MS Mode in the Netherlands. As part of the retail liquidation engagement
we purchased $10.3 million of inventory and commenced the sale of retail inventory. The retail liquidation engagement is expected
to end in November 2016. 

On November 2, 2016,
the Company issued $28.75 million of Senior Notes due in 2021, interest payable quarterly at 7.5% commencing January 31, 2017.
The Senior Notes are unsecured and due and payable in full on October 31, 2021. In connection with the issuance of the Senior Notes
the Company received net proceeds of $27.9 million (after underwriting commissions and fees of $0.9 million). In connection with
the offering of $28.75 million of Senior Notes, certain members of management and the Board of Directors of the Company purchased
$2.7 or 9.5% of the Senior Notes offered by the Company. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

Our condensed consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ( GAAP ),
which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts. The estimates and assumptions are based
on historical experience and on other factors that management believes to be reasonable. Actual results may differ from those estimates.
Critical accounting policies represent the areas where more significant judgments and estimates are used in the preparation of
our condensed consolidated financial statements. A discussion of such critical accounting policies, which include revenue recognition,
reserves for accounts receivable and slow moving goods held for sale or auction, the carrying value of goodwill and other intangible
assets, fair value measurements, share based compensation and accounting for income tax valuation allowances can be found in our
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. There have been no material changes to the policies
noted above as of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 other than the revenue recognition
and other accounting policies related to the acquisition of UOL on July 1, 2016 which are included in the notes to this quarterly
report of Form 10-Q. 

27   

Results of Operations  

The following period
to period comparisons of our financial results and our interim results are not necessarily indicative of future results. 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Three
Months Ended September 30, 2015   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Operations  

  (Dollars in thousands)  

Revenues.  

The table below and
the discussion that follows are based on how we analyze our business. 

n/m - Not applicable or not meaningful. 

Total revenues increased
$35.7 million, to $57.0 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $21.3 million during the three months ended
September 30, 2015. The increase in revenues during the three months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to an increase
in revenues from services and fees of $29.2 million and an increase in revenues from the sale of goods of $6.5 million. The increase
in revenues from services and fees of $29.2 million in 2016 was primarily due to an increase in revenues of (a) $2.6 million in
the capital markets segment, (b) $11.3 million in the auction and liquidation segment, and (c) $15.5 million in the
communications segment from the acquisition of UOL on July 1, 2016, offset by a decrease of $0.2 million in the valuation and appraisal
segment. The increase in revenues from sale of goods of $6.5 million is primarily due to sale of retail goods that we acquired
title to in September 2016 from the bankruptcy trustee of MS Mode, a retailer of women s apparel that operates 130 retail
locations throughout the Netherlands. 

28   

Capital Markets   

Revenues from services
and fees in the capital markets segment increased $2.6 million, to $10.1 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016
from $7.5 million during the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in revenues was primarily due to an increase in
revenues of $2.0 million from investment banking fees, $0.3 million from trading income and $0.3 million from commissions, fees
and other income primarily earned from research, sales and trading, and wealth management services. The increase in revenues from
investment banking fees in 2016 was primarily due to an increase the number of investment banking transactions where we acted as
an advisor. The increase in revenues from trading income in 2016 was primarily due to an increase in income we earned from trading
activities in our propriety trading account. The increase in revenues from commissions, fees and other income primarily earned
from research, sales and trading, and wealth management services was primarily due to an increase in fees and commissions earned
from research, sales and trading activities by B. Riley   Co., LLC, our broker dealer. 

Auction and
Liquidations   

Revenues from services
and fees in the auction and liquidation segment increased $11.3 million, to $17.0 million during the three months ended September
30, 2016 from $5.7 million during the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in revenues of $11.3 million was primarily
due to an increase in revenues of $15.6 million from services and fees from retail liquidation engagements, offset by a decrease
in revenues of $4.3 million from services and fees in our wholesale and industrial auction division. The increase in revenues from
services and fees from retail liquidation engagements was primarily due to revenues we earned in the third quarter of 2016 from
the liquidation of inventory for the going-out-of-business sale of 185 Hancock Fabric stores in the United States. In the third
quarter or 2015, we did not have any similar large retail liquidation engagements that were completed. The decrease in revenues
from services and fees in our wholesale and industrial division was primarily due to a decrease in the number of wholesale and
industrial auction engagements in the second quarter of 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015. 

Valuations
and Appraisal   

Revenues from services
and fees in the valuation and appraisal segment decreased $0.2 million, to $7.7 million during the three months ended September
30, 2016 from $7.9 million during the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in revenues was primarily due to a decrease
in revenues of $0.6 million related to appraisal engagements where we perform valuations for the monitoring of collateral for financial
institutions, lenders, and private equity investors, offset by an increase in revenues of $0.4 million related to appraisal engagements
where we perform valuations of machinery and equipment. 

Communications   

Revenues from services
and fees in the communications segment of $15.5 million in 2016 were the result of the acquisition of UOL on July 1, 2016. 
These revenues include $11.2 million in services and fees primarily from customer paid accounts related to our internet access
and related subscription services and $4.3 million in advertising revenues from internet display advertising and search related
to our email and internet access services. Over the past several years revenues from paid subscription services have declined year
over year as a result of a decline in the number of paid subscribers for our services.  Management believes the decline in
paid subscriber accounts is primarily attributable to the industry trends of consumers switching from dial-up internet access to
high speed internet access such as cable and DSL.  Management expects revenues in the communications segment to continue to
decline year over year. 

Operating Expenses  

Direct Cost of Services. 
Direct cost of services and direct cost of services measured as a percentage of revenues   services and fees by segment during
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows: 

* n/m -not applicable or not meaningful 

Total direct cost
of services increased $7.6 million, to $12.8 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $5.2 million during
the three months ended September 30, 2015. Direct cost of services increased by (a) $2.7 million in the auction and liquidation
segment, (b) $0.1 million in the valuation and appraisal segment, and (c) $4.9 million in the communications segment as a result
of the acquisition of UOL on July 1, 2016. Direct cost of services in the auction and liquidation segment increased $2.7 million,
to $4.4 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $1.7 million during the three months ended September 30,
2015. The increase in direct costs in the auction and liquidation segment was primarily due to an increase in direct costs related
to the MS Mode retail liquidation engagement described above. Direct cost of services in the valuation and appraisal segment increased
$0.1 million, to $3.6 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $3.5 million during the three months ended
September 30, 2015. The increase in direct costs of services in the valuation and appraisal segment was primarily due to an increase
in payroll and related costs due to an increase in headcount in 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015. 

29   

Auction and Liquidation   

Gross margin in the
auction and liquidation segment for services and fees increased to 74.4% of revenues during the three months ended September 30,
2016, as compared to 69.9% of revenues during the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in the gross margin during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to a change in the mix of fee type engagements in 2016 as compared to
the same period in 2015. The gross margin in 2016 was favorably impacted from the revenues we earned from the liquidation of 185
Hancock Fabric stores that was completed in the third quarter of 2016. 

Valuation and
Appraisal   

Gross margin in the
valuation and appraisal segment for services and fees decreased to 53.9% of revenues during the three months ended September 30,
2016, as compared to 56.1% of revenues during the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in the gross margin is primarily
to due to the impact on the margins from the increase in payroll and related expenses incurred in 2016 as compared to the same
period in 2015 in the valuation and appraisal segment. 

Communications   

Gross margin in the
communications segment of $10.6 million or 68.2% of revenues were the result of the acquisition of UOL on July 1, 2016. Direct
costs in the communications segment of $4.9 includes telecommunications and data center costs, personnel and overhead-related costs
associated with operating our networks and data centers, depreciation of network computers and equipment, third party advertising
sales commissions, license fees, costs related to providing customer support, costs related to customer billings and processing
of customer credit cards and associated bank fees. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses. 
Selling, general and administrative expenses during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were comprised of the following: 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

* n/m - not applicable or not meaningful 

Total selling, general
and administrative expenses increased $9.9 million, or 77.8%, to $22.7 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016
from $12.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to an increase in selling, general
and administrative expenses of (a) $1.6 million in the capital markets segment, (b) $2.7 million in the auction and liquidation
segment, (c) $0.1 million in the valuation and appraisal segment, (d) $3.9 million in the communications segment as a result of
the acquisition of UOL on July 1, 2016, and $1.6 million in corporate and other. 

Capital Markets   

Selling, general and
administrative expenses in the capital markets segment increased $1.6 million, or 21.6%, to $9.1 million during the three months
ended September 30, 2016 from $7.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in expenses of $1.6 million
was primarily due to an increase in (a) payroll and related expenses of $0.4 million due to an increase in headcount, (b) incentive
compensation of $1.1 million as a result of the increase in revenues from investment banking fees in 2016 as compared to the same
period in 2015, and (c) other selling and general administrative expenses of $0.1 million. 

30   

Auction and Liquidation   

Selling, general and
administrative expenses in the auction and liquidation segment increased $2.7 million, to $4.0 million during the three months
ended September 30, 2016 from $1.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in expenses of $2.7 million
was primarily due to an increase in (a) incentive compensation of $1.4 million as a result of the increase in revenues and operating
income of the auction and liquidation segment in 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015, (b) consulting and professional fees
of $0.6 million and (c) other operating expenses of $0.7 million. The increase in consulting and professional fees was primarily
due to an increase in legal and accounting fees incurred in connection with the start of the MS Mode retail liquidation engagement
in the Netherlands and Masters retail liquidation engagement in Australia during the third quarter of 2016. The increase in other
operating expenses was primarily related to an increase in travel expenses and other administrative expenses during the three months
ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015. 

Valuation and
Appraisal   

Selling, general and
administrative expenses in the valuation and appraisal segment increased $0.1 million, or 5.9%, to $2.1 million during the three
months ended September 30, 2016 from $2.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in operating expenses
of $0.1 million was primarily due to an increase in outside consulting expenses that were incurred in connection with our appraisal
engagements in 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015. 

Communications   

Selling, general and
administrative expenses in the communications segment of $3.9 million in 2016 were the result of the acquisition of UOL on July
1, 2016. These expenses include $1.2 million of technology and development expenses, $0.4 million of sales and marketing expenses,
$2.5 million of general and administrative expenses, $1.4 million of amortization of intangibles, offset by $1.6 million from a
recovery of an insurance dispute. Technology and development expenses include expenses for product development, maintenance of
existing software, technology and websites. Sales and marketing expenses include expenses associated personnel and overhead-related
expenses for marketing, customer service, and advertising sales personnel to acquire and retain paid subscribers. Expenses associated
with generating advertising revenues include sales commissions and personnel-related expenses. General and administrative expenses
consist of personnel-related expenses for management in the communications segment, facilities, internal customer support personnel
and personnel associated with operating our corporate systems. Amortization of intangibles includes amortization expense related
to customer lists, advertising relationships, tradenames and internally developed software. 

Corporate   

Selling, general and
administrative expenses for corporate and other increased $1.6 million, or 79.9%, to $3.6 million during the three months ended
September 30, 2016 from $2.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to an increase
in payroll and related expenses of $1.4 million and professional fees of $0.2 million. The increase in payroll and related expenses
was primarily due an increase in incentive compensation accrued during the quarter as a result of the increase in operating income
of the Company during the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015. 

Restructuring
Charge.  Restructuring charges of $3.6 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 include  $3.2 million of
employee termination costs related to a reduction in personnel in the corporate offices of UOL after our acquisition of UOL
on July 1, 2016 and $0.4 million of charges related to combining our corporate office location with the offices of UOL. 

Other Income (Expense). 
Other income includes interest income that was less than $0.1 million during each of the three month periods ended September 30,
2016 and 2015. Other expense also includes interest expense which increased $0.9 million, to $1.0 million during the three months
ended September 30, 2016 from $0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in interest expense was
primarily due to an increase in interest expense we incurred on our asset based credit facility during the three months ended September
30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015. 

Income Before
Income Taxes.  Income before income taxes was $14.5 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of
$11.3 million, from $3.2 million during the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in income before income taxes was
primarily due to an increase in operating income of (a) $1.0 million in our capital markets segment, (b) $10.2 million in our auction
and liquidation segment, and (c) operating income in 2016 of $3.4 million from our communications as a result of the acquisition
of UOL on July 1, 2016, offset by (a) a decrease in operating income of $0.5 million in our valuation and appraisal segment, and
(b) restructuring charges of $0.4 million. 

Provision For Income
Taxes.  Provision for income taxes was $6.1 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $5.5 million,
from $0.6 million during the three months ended September 30, 2015. The effective income tax rate was 42.1% during the three months
ended September 30, 2016 compared to an effective income tax rate of 18.6% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The effective
income tax rate during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased from the comparable period in 2015 primarily due to the
tax differential on net income attributable to noncontrolling interests. 

31   

Net (Loss) Income
Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest.  Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests represents the proportionate share
of net income generated by Great American Global Partners, LLC and GA Retail Investments, L.P., in which the Company has a 50%
membership or partnership interest, that we do not own. The net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests was $0.6 million
during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to net income attributable to noncontrolling interests of $1.2 million
during the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Net Income Attributable
to the Company.  Net income attributable to the Company for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $8.9 million, an increase
of $7.4 million, from net income attributable to the Company of $1.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The
increase in net income during the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015 was primarily due
to an increase in operating income in the auction and liquidation segment, capital markets segment and results from our communication
segment as a result of the acquisition of UOL on July 1, 2016 as discussed above, offset by a decrease in operating income in the
valuation and appraisal segment. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Nine
Months Ended September 30, 2015   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Operations  

  (Dollars in thousands)  

Revenues.  

The table below and
the discussion that follows are based on how we analyze our business. 

n/m - Not applicable
or not meaningful. 

32   

Total revenues increased
$4.4 million, to $97.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $92.8 million during the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. The increase in revenues during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to an increase in
revenues from services and fees of $8.3 million, offset by a decrease in revenues from the sale of goods of $3.9 million. The increase
in revenues from services and fees of $8.3 million in 2016 was primarily due to an increase in revenues of $15.5 million from the
communications segment as a result of the acquisition of UOL on July 1, 2016 and $0.5 million in the auction and liquidation segment,
offset by a decrease in revenues of $7.6 million in the capital markets segment and $0.1 million in the valuation and appraisal
segment. The decrease in revenues from sale of goods of $4.1 million is primarily due a decrease in the sale of retail goods from
retail liquidation engagements in the Netherlands during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period
in 2015. 

Capital Markets   

Revenues from services
and fees in the capital markets segment decreased $7.5 million, to $22.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016
from $30.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in revenues was primarily due to a decrease in
revenues of $6.4 million from investment banking fees, $0.3 million from trading income and $0.8 million from commissions, fees
and other income primarily earned from research, sales and trading, and wealth management services. The decrease in revenues from
investment banking fees in 2016 was primarily due to a decrease in the number of investment banking transactions where we acted
as an advisor. The decrease in revenues from trading income in 2016 was primarily due to a decrease in income we earned from trading
activities in our propriety trading account. The decrease in revenues from commissions, fees and other income primarily earned
from research, sales and trading, and wealth management services was primarily due to a decrease in fees and commissions earned
from research, sales and trading activities by B. Riley   Co., LLC, our broker dealer. 

Auction and
Liquidation   

Revenues from services
and fees in the auction and liquidation segment increased $0.5 million, to $29.4 million during the nine months ended September
30, 2016 from $28.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in revenues of $0.4 million was primarily
due to an increase in revenues of $3.0 million from services and fees from retail liquidation engagements, offset by a decrease
in revenues $2.5 million from services and fees in our wholesale and industrial auction division. The increase in revenues from
services and fees from retail liquidation engagements was primarily due to an increase in the number of retail liquidation engagements
we completed in the first nine months of 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015. The decrease in revenues from services and
fees in our wholesale and industrial division was primarily due a decrease in the number and volume of wholesale and industrial
auction engagements that were completed in the first nine months of 2016 as compared to the same period in 2016. 

Valuation and
Appraisal   

Revenues from services
and fees in the valuation and appraisal segment decreased $0.1 million, to $22.9 million during the nine months ended September
30, 2016 from $23.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The decrease in revenues was primarily due to a decrease
in revenues of $0.6 million related to appraisal engagements where we perform valuations for the monitoring of collateral for financial
institutions, lenders, and private equity investors, offset by an increase in revenues of $0.4 million related to appraisal engagements
where we perform valuations of machinery and equipment and $0.1 million where we perform valuations of intellectual property and
business valuations. 

Communications   

Revenues from services
and fees in the communications segment of $15.5 million in 2016 were the result of the acquisition of UOL on July 1, 2016. 
These revenues include $11.2 million in services and fees primarily from customer paid accounts related to our internet access
and related subscription services and $4.3 million in advertising revenues from internet display advertising and search related
to our email and internet access services. Over the past several years revenues from paid subscription services have declined year
over year as a result of a decline in the number of paid subscribers for our services.  Management believes the decline in
paid subscriber accounts is primarily attributable to the industry trends of consumers switching from dial-up internet access to
high speed internet access such as cable and DSL.  Management expects revenues in the communications segment to continue to
decline year over year. 

33   

Operating Expenses  

Direct Cost of Services. 
Direct cost of services and direct cost of services measured as a percentage of revenues   services and fees by segment during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows: 

* n/m -not applicable or not meaningful 

Total direct cost
of services increased $4.6 million, to $25.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $20.6 million during
the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Direct cost of services increased by (a) $0.4 million in the valuation and appraisal
segment, and (b) $4.9 million in the communications segment as a result of the acquisition of UOL on July 1, 2016, offset by a
decrease in direct costs of $0.7 million in the auction and liquidation segment. The increase in direct costs of services in the
valuation and appraisal segment was primarily due to an increase in payroll and related costs due to an increase in headcount in
2016 as compared to the same period in 2015. The decrease in direct costs in the auction and liquidation segment was primarily
due to a decrease in (a) the number of fee and commission type engagements where we contractually bill fees, commissions and reimbursable
expenses and (b) retail liquidation engagements from our operations in the Netherlands and Germany in 2016 as compared to the same
period in 2015. 

Auction and
Liquidation   

Gross margin in the
auction and liquidation segment for services and fees increased to 66.4% of revenues during the nine months ended September 30,
2016, as compared to 63.1% of revenues during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in the gross margin during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to a change in the mix of fee type engagements in 2016 as compared to
the same period in 2015. The gross margin in 2016 was favorably impacted from the revenues we earned from the liquidation of 185
Hancock Fabric stores that was completed in the third quarter of 2016. 

Valuation and
Appraisal   

Gross margin in the
valuation and appraisal segment for services and fees decreased to 55.0% of revenues during the nine months ended September 30,
2016, as compared to 57.0% of revenues during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in the gross margin is primarily
to due to the impact on the margins from the increase in payroll and related expenses incurred in 2016 as compared to the same
period in 2015. 

Communications   

Gross margin in the
communications segment of $10.6 million or 68.2% of revenues were the result of the acquisition of UOL on July 1, 2016. Direct
costs in the communications segment of $4.9 includes telecommunications and data center costs, personnel and overhead-related costs
associated with operating our networks and data centers, depreciation of network computers and equipment, third party advertising
sales commissions, license fees, costs related to providing customer support, costs related to customer billings and processing
of customer credit cards and associated bank fees. 

34   

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses. 
Selling, general and administrative expenses during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were comprised of the following: 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

* n/m - not applicable or not meaningful 

Total selling, general
and administrative expenses increased $3.1 million, or 6.8%, to $48.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from
$45.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in expenses was primarily due to an increase in selling,
general and administrative expenses of (a) $3.9 million in the communications segment as a result of the acquisition of UOL on
July 1, 2016, and (b) $0.9 million in corporate and other, offset by a decrease in expenses of (a) $0.7 million in the capital
markets segment, (b) $1.0 million in the auction and liquidation segment, and (c) $0.1 million in the valuation and appraisal segment. 

Capital Markets   

Selling, general and
administrative expenses in the capital markets segment decreased $0.7 million, or 2.9%, to $22.9 million during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 from $23.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in expenses of $0.7 million
was primarily due to a decrease in incentive compensation as a result of the decrease in revenues from investment banking fees
in 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015 discussed above. 

Auction and
Liquidation   

Selling, general
and administrative expenses in the auction and liquidation segment decreased $1.0 million, or 12.8%, to $6.9 million during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $7.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in
expenses was primarily due to a decrease in  consulting fees of $1.2 million, offset by an increase in legal and
professional fees of $0.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015. The
decrease in consulting and incentive compensation was primarily due to a decrease in operating income from international
retail liquidation engagements in 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015. The increase in legal and professional fees is
primarily due to an increase in business activity in the auction and liquidation segment in 2016. 

Valuation and
Appraisal   

Selling, general and
administrative expenses in the valuation and appraisal segment decreased $0.1 million, or 1.3%, to $6.4 million during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 from $6.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in operating expenses
of $0.1 million was primarily due to a decrease in payroll and related expenses in 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015. 

Communications   

Selling, general and
administrative expenses in the communications segment of $3.9 million in 2016 were the result of the acquisition of UOL on July
1, 2016. These expenses include $1.2 million of technology and development expenses, $0.4 million of sales and marketing expenses,
$2.5 million of general and administrative expenses, $1.4 million of amortization of intangibles, offset by $1.6 million from a
recovery of an insurance dispute. Technology and development expenses include expenses for product development, maintenance of
existing software, technology and websites. Sales and marketing expenses include expenses associated personnel and overhead-related
expenses for marketing, customer service, and advertising sales personnel to acquire and retain paid subscribers. Expenses associated
with generating advertising revenues include sales commissions and personnel-related expenses. General and administrative expenses
consist of personnel-related expenses for management in the communications segment, facilities, internal customer support personnel
and personnel associated with operating our corporate systems. Amortization of intangibles includes amortization expense related
to customer lists, advertising relationships, tradenames and internally developed software. 

35   

Corporate   

Selling, general and
administrative expenses for corporate and other decreased $0.9 million, or 11.9%, to $8.6 million during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 from $7.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to an increase
in professional fees and other transaction costs of $0.9 million related the acquisition of UOL which was acquired on July 1, 2016. 

Restructuring
Charge.  Restructuring charges of $3.6 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 include  $3.2 million of
employee termination costs related to a reduction in personnel in the corporate offices of UOL after our acquisition on July
1, 2016 and $0.4 million of charges related to combining our corporate office location with the offices of UOL. 

Other Income (Expense). 
Other income includes interest income that was less than $0.1 million during each of the nine month periods ended September 30,
2016 and 2015. Other expense also includes interest expense which increased $0.7 million to $1.4 million during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 from $0.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in interest expense was primarily
due to an increase in interest expense we incurred on our asset based credit facility during the nine months ended September 30,
2016 as compared to the same period in 2015. 

Income Before
Income Taxes.  Income before income taxes was $15.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, a decrease of $6.8
million, from $22.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in income before income taxes was primarily
due to a decrease in operating income of (a) $6.9 million in our capital markets segment, (b) $1.0 million in our auction and liquidation
segment, (c) $0.5 million in our valuation and appraisal segment, (d) transaction costs and restructuring charges of $1.4 million,
offset by operating income in 2016 of $3.4 million from our communications as a result of the acquisition of UOL on July 1, 2016. 

Provision For Income
Taxes.  Provision for income taxes was $6.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, a decrease of $1.9 million,
from $8.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The effective income tax rate was 38.9% during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 compared to an effective income tax rate of 35.5% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The effective
income tax rate during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased from the comparable period in 2015 primarily due to the
tax differential on net income attributable to noncontrolling interests. 

Net Income Attributable
to Noncontrolling Interest.  Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests represents the proportionate share of net income
generated by Great American Global Partners, LLC and GA Retail Investments, L.P., in which the Company has a 50% membership or
partnership interest, that we do not own. The net income attributable to noncontrolling interests was $0.6 million during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 compared to net income attributable to noncontrolling interests of $1.8 million during the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. 

Net Income Attributable
to the Company.  Net income attributable to the Company for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $9.1 million, a decrease
of $3.7 million, from net income attributable to the Company of $12.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The
decrease in net income during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015 was primarily due
to the decrease in operating income in the capital markets segment, auction and liquidation segment and valuation and appraisal
segment as discussed above, offset by the results from our communication segment as a result of the acquisition of UOL on July
1, 2016. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Our operations are funded
through a combination of existing cash on hand, cash generated from operations, proceeds from the private placement of common stock,
borrowings under our asset based credit facility and special purposes financing arrangements.  During the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 we generated net income of $9.1 and during the year ended December 31, 2015 we generated net income of $11.8
million. Our cash flows and profitability are impacted by the number and size of retail liquidation and capital markets engagements
performed on a quarterly and annual basis. 

As of September 30,
2016, we had $26.5 million of unrestricted cash, net investments in securities of $8.7 million, acquisition consideration payable
of $10.4 million, as more fully discussed in Note 3 to our condensed consolidated financial statements, and no borrowings outstanding
under our credit facilities. We believe that our current cash and cash equivalents, funds available under our asset based
credit facility and cash expected to be generated from operating activities will be sufficient to meet our working capital and
capital expenditure requirements for at least the next 12 months. We continue to monitor our financial performance to ensure sufficient
liquidity to fund operations and execute on our business plan. 

36   

From time to time, we
may decide to pay dividends which will be dependent upon our financial condition and results of operations. We paid cash dividends
of $0.6 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and we paid cash dividends of $5.2 million during the year ended
December 31, 2015 on our common stock. Our Board of Directors may reduce or discontinue the payment of dividends at any time for
any reason it deems relevant. The declaration and payment of any future dividends or repurchases of our common stock will be made
at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will be dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows,
capital expenditures, and other factors that may be deemed relevant by our Board of Directors. 

Cash Flow Summary  

Cash provided by
operating activities was $27.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, a decrease of $16.1 million, from cash provided
by operating activities of $44.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Cash provided by operating activities for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 includes net income of $9.7 million adjusted for noncash items and changes in operating
assets and liabilities. The decrease in cash used in operating activities of $16.1 million was primarily due to (a) a decrease
in net income of $4.9 million to $9.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, from $14.6 million during the comparable
period in 2015, (b) a decrease in non-cash charges and other items of $1.1 million, and (c) changes in operating assets and liabilities
that resulted in a decrease of $10.1 million in cash flows from operations during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared
to the same period in 2015. 

Cash used in investing
activities was $111.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to cash provided by investing activities of
$4.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, cash used in investing
activities was primarily comprised of (a) an increase in restricted cash of $78.2 million, (b) cash used to purchase UOL in the
amount of $33.4 million and (c) $0.3 million of cash used to purchase property and equipment. During the nine months ended September
30, 2015, cash provided by investing activities was primarily comprised of (a) a decrease in restricted cash of $7.5 million, (b)
$2.5 million of cash used in connection with the acquisition of MK Capital Advisors, LLC ( MK Capital ), a wealth management
business with operations primarily in New York, in February 2015, and (c) $0.2 million of cash used to purchase property and equipment. 

Cash provided by
financing activities was $80.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to cash used in financing activities
of $24.6 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, cash provided
by financing activities primarily consisted of (a) $23.0 million of proceeds from the issuance of common stock in May 2016, (b)
$61.4 million of borrowings in connection with the notes payable as more fully described in Note 7 to the condensed consolidated
financial statements, (c) $1.3 million payment of contingent consideration in connection with the acquisition of MK Capital, (d)
$0.3 million used to repay a revolving line of credit,   $0.6 million of dividends paid on our common stock and (e) $1.7 million
of distributions to noncontrolling interests. During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, cash used in financing activities
consisted of (a) $18.5 million used to repay borrowings outstanding in 2015 on our asset based credit facility, (b) $1.8 million
of distributions to noncontrolling interests, and (c) $4.2 million of dividends paid on our common stock. 

Contingent Consideration   

In connection with
the acquisition of MK Capital on February 2, 2015 for a total purchase price of $9.4 million, at closing $2.5 million of the purchase
price was paid in cash and 333,333 newly issued shares of the Company s common stock with a fair value of $2.7 million were
issued to the former members of MK Capital. The purchase agreement also requires the payment of contingent consideration in the
form of future cash payments with a fair value of $2.2 million and the issuance of shares of common stock with a fair value of
$2.0 million. The contingent cash consideration of $2.2 million payable to the former members of MK Capital represents the fair
value of the contingent cash consideration of $1.25 million due on the first anniversary date of the closing (February 2, 2016)
and a final cash payment of $1.25 million due on the second anniversary date of the closing (February 2, 2017), with imputed interest
expense calculated at 8% per annum. The contingent stock consideration of $2.0 million is comprised of the issuance of 166,667
shares of common stock on the first anniversary date of the closing (February 2, 2016) and 166,666 shares of common stock on the
second anniversary date of the closing (February 2, 2017). The contingent cash and stock consideration is payable on the first
and second anniversary dates of the closing provided that MK Capital generates a minimum amount of gross revenues as defined in
the purchase agreement for the twelve months following the first and second anniversary dates of the closing. MK Capital achieved
the minimum amount of revenues for the first anniversary period and the contingent cash consideration for such first anniversary
period of $1.25 million was paid and contingent stock consideration for such first anniversary period of 166,667 common shares
was issued to the former members of MK Capital on February 2, 2016. 

37   

Credit Agreements   

From time to time,
we utilize our asset based credit facility with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association to fund costs and expenses incurred in connection
with liquidation engagements. We also utilize this credit facility in order to issue letters of credit in connection with liquidation
engagements conducted on a guaranteed basis. Subject to certain limitations and offsets, we are permitted to borrow up to $100.0
million under the credit facility, less the aggregate principal amount borrowed under the UK Credit Agreement (if in effect), and
the maturity date has been extended from July 16, 2013 to July 15, 2018. Borrowings under the credit facility are only made at
the discretion of the lender and are generally required to be repaid within 180 days. The interest rate for each revolving credit
advance under the related credit agreement is, subject to certain terms and conditions, equal to the LIBOR plus a margin of 2.25%
to 3.25% depending on the type of advance and the percentage such advance represents of the related transaction for which such
advance is provided. On March 19, 2014, the Company entered into a separate credit agreement (a  UK Credit Agreement )
with an affiliate of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association which provides for the financing of transactions in the United Kingdom.
The facility allows the Company to borrow up to 50 million British Pounds. Any borrowings on the UK Credit Agreement reduce the
availability on the asset based $100.0 million credit facility. The UK Credit Agreement is cross collateralized and integrated
in certain respects with the credit agreement governing the credit facility. On October  5, 2016 we amended the Credit Agreement
to add our Canadian subsidiary in order to facilitate borrowings to fund retail liquidation transactions in Canada. The credit
facility is secured by the proceeds received for services rendered in connection with the liquidation service contracts pursuant
to which any outstanding loan or letters of credit are issued and the assets that are sold at liquidation related to such contract,
if any. The credit facility also provides for success fees in the amount of 5% to 20% of the net profits, if any, earned on liquidation
engagements that are financed under the credit facility as set forth in the related credit agreement. We typically seek borrowings
on an engagement-by-engagement basis. The credit agreement governing the credit facility contains certain covenants, including
covenants that limit or restrict the Company s ability to incur liens, incur indebtedness, make investments, dispose of assets,
make certain restricted payments, merge or consolidate and enter into certain transactions with affiliates. At September 30, 2016,
there was $0.3 million of standby letters of credit issued and outstanding under the credit facility. There were no borrowings
outstanding under this credit facility at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Accounts Receivable Line
of Credit   

On May 17, 2011, one
of our majority owned subsidiaries entered into an Accounts Receivable Line of Credit with a finance company. Proceeds from the
Accounts Receivable Line of Credit were used to pay off borrowings under the factoring agreement.  The Accounts Receivable
Line of Credit was collateralized by the accounts receivable of our majority owned subsidiary and allowed for borrowings in the
amount of 85% of the net face amount of prime accounts, as defined in the loan and security agreement governing the Accounts Receivable
Line of Credit, with maximum borrowings not to exceed $2.0 million. The interest rate under the Accounts Receivable Line of Credit
was the prime rate plus 2%, payable monthly in arrears. The Accounts Receivable Line of Credit was amended effective February 3,
2012 and the maximum borrowings allowed increased from $2.0 million to $3.0 million. In connection with the Accounts Receivable
Line of Credit, Great American Group, LLC entered into a limited continuing guaranty of our majority owned subsidiary s obligations
under the Accounts Receivable Line of Credit. Borrowings outstanding under the Accounts Receivable Line of Credit were $0.3 million
at December 31, 2015. On December 7, 2015, the Company notified the finance company to terminate the Accounts Receivable Line of
Credit, all outstanding amounts under the Accounts Receivable Line of Credit were repaid on January 27, 2016 and the Accounts Receivable
Line of Credit was terminated upon maturity on February 3, 2016. 

Note Offering   

On November 2,
2016, the Company issued $28.75 million of Senior Notes, interest payable quarterly at 7.5% commencing January 31, 2017. The
Senior Notes are unsecured and due and payable in full on October  31, 2021. In connection with the issuance of the
Senior Notes, the Company received net proceeds of $27.9 million (after underwriting commissions and fees of $0.9 million). In
connection with the offering of the Senior Notes, management and the Board of Directors of the Company
purchased $2.7 million or 9.5% of the Senior Notes offered by the Company. 

38   

Other Borrowings   

In March 2015, we
had capital deployed for three retail liquidation engagements. On March 10, 2015, the Company borrowed $4.5 million from Riley
Investment Partners, L.P. ( RIP ) in accordance with RIP Note. The principal amount of $4.5 million for the RIP Note
accrued interest at the rate of 10% per annum (or 15% in the event of a default under the RIP Note). The borrowings were for short-term
working capital needs and capital for other retail liquidation engagements. RIP was also entitled to the Success Fee of 20% of
the net profit, if any, earned by the Company in connection with a designated liquidation transaction. Pursuant to the terms of
the RIP Note, under no circumstances was the Company obligated to pay to RIP any portion of the combined amount of interest and
the Success Fee which exceeded twelve percent (12%) of the $4.5 million principal amount of the RIP Note. The outstanding principal
amount, together with the accrued and unpaid interest and the Success Fee, were due and payable by the Company on March 9, 2016.
The RIP Note was subordinated in certain respects to the Company s guaranty relating to its existing credit facility with
Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and, in the event of certain insolvency proceedings, with respect to such credit facility
itself, as well as to any other indebtedness of the Company to the extent required by the documents governing the repayment thereof.
The RIP Note was repaid on May 4, 2015. 

Riley Investment Management
LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, is the general partner of RIP. Bryant Riley, the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
of the Board of Directors of the Company, owns or controls approximately 45% of the equity interests of RIP. In addition, Thomas
Kelleher, the President and a director of the Company, and one other employee of the Company, own or control de minimis amounts
of the equity interests of RIP. After considering the economic interests of Mr. Riley and Mr. Kelleher in the RIP Note and comparing
the terms of the RIP Note to terms that may have been available from unaffiliated third parties, the disinterested members of the
Company s Board of Directors unanimously approved the issuance of the RIP Note. 

In August
2016, the Company formed GA Retail Investments, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, (the  Partnership )
which required the Company to contribute $15.4 million. The Partnership borrowed $80.0 million Australian dollars from a
third party investor in connection with its  formation and the $80.0 million Australian dollars exchanged for a 50%
special limited partnership interest in the Partnership. The Partnership was formed to provide funding for the retail
liquidation engagement we entered into to liquidate the Masters Home Improvement stores. The $80.0 million Australian
participating note payable is non-interest bearing, shares in 50% of the all of the profits and losses of the Partnership and
is subject to repayment upon the completion of the going-out-of-business sale of Masters Home Improvement stores as defined
in the partnership agreement. Although the terms of the participating note payable include the issuance of an 50% equity
interest in the Partnership, sharing in all profits and losses of the Partnership, and no repayment until certain events
occur, in accordance with ASC 480 Distinguishing Liabilities From Equity, this financial instrument has been classified as a
participating note payable in the current liabilities of the liability section of the condensed consolidated financial
statements. The balance of the participating note payable at September 30, 2016 is $60.8 million. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We have no obligations,
assets or liabilities which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements and do not participate in transactions that create
relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities
or entered into any options on non-financial assets. 

New Accounting Standards   

In February 2016,
the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-02:
Leases (Topic 842) ( ASU 2016-02 ). The amendments in this update require lessees, among other things, to recognize
lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet for those leases classified as operating leases under previous authoritative
guidance. This update also introduces new disclosure requirements for leasing arrangements. ASU 2016-02 will be effective for the
Company in fiscal year 2019, but early application is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this update
on the consolidated financial statements. 

In May 2014,
the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which amends revenue recognition requirements for multiple
deliverable revenue arrangements. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer
of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled
in exchange for those goods or services. The amendments in this ASU will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after
December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is not permitted. The amendments
should be applied retrospectively. In July 2015, the FASB approved a one-year deferral of the effective date with early adoption
permitted. The Company has not yet adopted this update and is currently evaluating the impact it may have on its financial condition
and results of operations. 

In March 2016, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations
(Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net). The amendments in this update do not change the core principle of the guidance as noted above
at ASU No. 2014-09. The amendments clarify the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations. The
effective date and transition requirements for the amendments in this update are the same as the effective date and transition
requirements of ASU No. 2014-09. The Company has not yet adopted this update and is currently evaluating the impact it may
have on its financial condition and results of operations. 

39   

In March 2016, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accounting. The amendments in this update involve simplification in several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment
transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification
on the statement of cash flows. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The amendments in this update require both prospective and retrospective
application with earlier application permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The Company has not
yet adopted this update and is currently evaluating the impact it may have on its financial condition and results of operations. 

In
August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification
of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments (ASU 2016-15), which clarifies how companies present and classify certain cash
receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for us in our first quarter of fiscal year
2019 , but early application is permitted .  The Company has not
yet adopted this update and is currently evaluating the impact it may have on its financial condition and results of operations. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Not applicable. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

We carried out an
evaluation required by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), under the supervision
and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and
operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the
end of our fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management,
including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure.
Based upon this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of September 30, 2016. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  

There have been
no changes to our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter covered by this Quarterly Report, other
than the internal controls as  a result of the acquisition of United Online, Inc. on July 1, 2016, that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Inherent Limitation on Effectiveness
of Controls  

There are inherent
limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures. These limitations include the possibility
of human error, the circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures and reasonable resource constraints. In addition,
because we have designed our system of controls based on certain assumptions, which we believe are reasonable, about the likelihood
of future events, our system of controls may not achieve its desired purpose under all possible future conditions. Accordingly,
our disclosure controls and procedures provide reasonable assurance, but not absolute assurance, of achieving their objectives. 

40   

PART II OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 

From time to time,
we are involved in litigation which arises in the normal course of our business operations. Except as set forth below, we believe
that we are not currently a party to any proceedings the adverse outcome of which, individually or in the aggregate, would have
a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations: 

On January 19, 2015,
a complaint (the  Complaint ) was filed against Great American Group, LLC, in the United States Bankruptcy Court for
the District of Delaware ( Court ), adversary proceeding 15-50057 (MFW), by 9586 LLC asserting claims arising out of
the Great American Group, LLC s activities with respect to an auction of equipment in Colorado in October 2012.  This
proceeding is pending in the bankruptcy cases of Abound Solar Manufacturing, LLC and certain of its affiliates (the  Debtors ),
case no. 12-11974.  The Complaint asserts claims for breach of contract, negligence, fraud, unjust enrichment, negligent misrepresentation,
nuisance, and violations of the Colorado Consumer Protection Act ( CCPA ).  In the Complaint, the plaintiff, a
former landlord of the Debtors, generally alleges that Great American Group, LLC and a joint venture partner were responsible for
contamination while performing services in connection with an auction of solar machinery, and is seeking approximately $9.7 million
in damages.  In April 2015, Great American Group, LLC filed a Motion to Dismiss the Complaint. On March 1, 2016, the Court
issued its Opinion on Great American Group, LLC s Motion to Dismiss dismissing the unjust enrichment claim and the CCPA claim,
but denied the motion with respect to the other claims. In April 2016, we filed an answer with the Court denying the allegations
in the complaint. We intend to continue to vigorously defend this action which we consider to be meritless. An adverse judgment
in this matter could materially and adversely affect the Company and its financial condition. 

On July 5, 2016, Quadre
Investments LP ( Quadre ) filed a petition with the Delaware Court of Chancery (the  Court ) seeking a
determination of fair value for 943,769 shares of common stock of UOL in connection with the acquisition of UOL by the Company.
Such transaction gave rise to appraisal rights pursuant to Section 262 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.
As a result, Quadre is entitled to petition the Court to receive fair value as determined by the Court. We do not believe that
the fair value of each share exceeds $11.00 per share, the merger consideration paid to UOL stockholders pursuant to the merger
agreement in such acquisition, and we intend to contest the petition. As of September 30, 2016, we have recorded approximately
$10.4 million of acquisition consideration payable and approximately $0.2 million of accrued interest payable in connection with
the Quadre petition. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

There are certain
risks and uncertainties in our business that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. A detailed
discussion of our risk factors was included in Part I, Item 1A,  Risk Factors  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 28, 2016. These risk factors
should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and in connection with the forward-looking statements and other
information contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Any of the risks described in the Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2015 could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results and the actual
outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made. There were no material changes to the risk factors during the
three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the risk factors set forth in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2015, other than with respect to the risk factors described below. 

Risks Related to the Acquisition of United Online, Inc. ( UOL )
and to Our Business Following the  Acquisition of UOL (the  UOL Acquisition )  

We may experience difficulties in realizing
the expected benefits of the UOL Acquisition.   

Our ability to achieve the benefits we anticipate
from the UOL Acquisition will depend in large part upon whether we are able to achieve expected cost savings, manage UOL s
business and execute our strategy in an efficient and effective manner. Because our business and the business of UOL differ, we
may not be able to manage UOL s business smoothly or successfully and the process of achieving expected cost savings may
take longer than expected. If we are unable to manage the operations of UOL s business successfully, we may be unable to
realize the cost savings and other anticipated benefits we expect to achieve as a result of the UOL acquisition. As a result, our
business and results of operations could be adversely affected and the market price of our common stock could be negatively impacted. 

The UOL Acquisition may cause disruptions in
UOL s business, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations following
completion of the acquisition.   

The UOL Acquisition could cause disruptions
in the business of UOL. Specifically: 

current and prospective employees of UOL may experience uncertainty about their future roles with B. Riley, which might adversely affect the ability of UOL to retain key personnel and attract new personnel;   

current and prospective customers of UOL may experience uncertainty about the ability of UOL to meet their needs, which might cause customers to seek other suppliers for the products and services provided by UOL; and   

management s attention may be focused on the acquisition, which may divert management s attention from the core business of UOL and other opportunities that could have been beneficial to UOL.   

41   

This could have an adverse effect on our
business, financial condition or results of operations. 

UOL may have liabilities that are not known,
probable or estimable at this time.   

As a result of the UOL
Acquisition, UOL became our subsidiary. There could be unasserted claims or assessments that we failed or were unable to discover
or identify in the course of performing due diligence investigations of UOL. In addition, there may be liabilities that are neither
probable nor estimable at this time which may become probable and estimable in the future. Any such liabilities, individually or
in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our business and our prospects. We may learn additional information about
UOL that adversely affects us, such as unknown, unasserted or contingent liabilities and issues relating to compliance with applicable
laws. 

If we acquire businesses or technologies or
pursue other strategic transactions in the future, these transactions could disrupt our business and harm our operating results
and financial condition.   

We will evaluate opportunities
to acquire businesses or technologies or pursue other strategic transactions. Acquisitions and other strategic transactions entail
a number of risks that could adversely affect our business and operating results, including, among others: 

difficulties in integrating the operations, technologies or products of acquired companies or working with third parties with which we may partner on strategic relationships;   

the diversion of management s time and attention from the normal daily operations of the business;   

insufficient increases in net sales to offset increased expenses associated with such acquisitions or strategic transactions;   

difficulties in retaining business relationships with suppliers and customers;   

over-estimation of potential synergies or a delay in realizing those synergies;    

entering markets in which we have no or limited experience and in which competitors have stronger market positions; and   

the potential loss of key employees of our or any acquired companies.   

Future acquisitions
or other strategic transactions also could cause us to incur debt or be subject to contingent liabilities. In addition, acquisitions
or other strategic transactions could cause us to issue equity or debt securities that could dilute the ownership interests of
our existing stockholders or increase our leverage relative to our earnings or to our equity capitalization. Furthermore, acquisitions
or other strategic transactions may result in material charges or adverse tax consequences, substantial depreciation, deferred
compensation charges, the amortization of amounts related to deferred stock-based compensation expense and identifiable purchased
intangible assets or impairment of goodwill, any or all of which could negatively affect our results of operations. 

UOL competes against large companies, many
of whom have significantly more financial and marketing resources, and our business will suffer if we are unable to compete successfully .    

UOL competes with numerous
providers of broadband, mobile broadband and DSL services, as well as other dial-up Internet access providers, many of whom are
large and have significantly more financial and marketing resources. The principal competitors for UOL s mobile broadband
and DSL services include, among others, local exchange carriers, wireless and satellite service providers, and cable service providers.
These competitors include established providers such as AT T, Verizon, Sprint, and T-Mobile. UOL s principal dial-up
Internet access competitors include established online service and content providers, such as AOL and MSN, and independent national
Internet service providers, such as EarthLink and its PeoplePC subsidiary. Dial-up Internet access services do not compete favorably
with broadband services with respect to connection speed and do not have a significant, if any, price advantage over certain broadband
services. In addition, there are a number of mobile virtual network operators, some of which focus on pricing as their main selling
point. Certain portions of the U.S., primarily rural areas, currently have limited or no access to broadband services. However,
the U.S. government has indicated its intention to facilitate the provision of broadband services to such areas. Such expansion
of the availability of broadband services will increase the competition for Internet access subscribers in such areas and will
likely adversely affect the UOL business. In addition to competition from broadband, mobile broadband, and DSL providers, competition
among dial-up Internet access service providers is intense and neither UOL s pricing nor the features of UOL s services
provides us with a significant competitive advantage, if any, over certain of UOL s dial-up Internet access competitors.
We expect that competition, particularly with respect to price, for broadband, mobile broadband, and DSL services, as well as dial-up
Internet access services, will continue and may materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations,
and cash flows. 

42   

Dial-up and DSL pay accounts may decline faster
than expected and adversely impact our business .    

A significant portion
of UOL s current communications segment revenues and profits come from dial-up Internet and DSL access services and related
services and advertising revenues. UOL s dial-up and DSL Internet access pay accounts and revenues have been declining and
are expected to continue to decline due to the continued maturation of the market for dial-up and DSL Internet access, competitive
pressures in the industry and limited sales efforts. Consumers continue to migrate to broadband access, primarily due to the faster
connection and download speeds provided by broadband access. Advanced applications such as online gaming, music downloads and videos
require greater bandwidth for optimal performance, which adds to the demand for broadband access. The pricing for basic broadband
services has been declining as well, making it a more viable option for consumers. In addition, the popularity of accessing the
Internet through tablets and mobile devices has been growing and may accelerate the migration of consumers away from dial-up Internet
access. The number of dial-up Internet access pay accounts has been adversely impacted by both a decrease in the number of new
pay accounts signing up for UOL s services, as well as the impact of subscribers canceling their accounts, which we refer
to as  churn.  Churn has increased from time to time and may increase in the future. If we experience a higher than
expected level of churn, it will make it more difficult for us to increase or maintain the number of pay accounts, which could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

We expect UOL s
dial-up and DSL Internet access pay accounts to continue to decline. As a result, related services revenues and the profitability
of this segment may decline. The rate of decline in these revenues may continue to accelerate. 

We may not be able to
consistently make a high level of expense reductions in the future. Continued declines in revenues relating to the UOL business,
particularly if such declines accelerate, will materially and adversely impact the profitability of this business. 

Government regulations could adversely affect
our business or force us to change our business practices .    

The services that are
provided by UOL are subject to varying degrees of international, federal, state and local laws and regulation ,
including, without limitation, those relating to taxation, bulk email or  spam,  advertising (including, without limitation,
targeted or behavioral advertising), user privacy and data protection, consumer protection, antitrust, export, and unclaimed property .
 Compliance with such laws and regulations, which in many instances are unclear or unsettled, is complex.
New laws and regulations, such as those being considered or recently enacted by certain states, the federal government, or international
authorities related to automatic-renewal practices, spam, user privacy, targeted or behavioral advertising, and taxation, could
impact our revenues or certain of our business practices or those of our advertisers.   

UOL resells broadband
Internet access services offered by other parties pursuant to wholesale agreements with those providers. In an order released in
March 2015, the Federal Communications Commission (the  FCC ) classified retail broadband Internet access services
as telecommunications services subject to regulation under Title II of the Communications Act. That ruling is subject to a pending
appeal. The classification of retail broadband Internet access services as telecommunications services means that providers of
these services are subject to the general requirement that their charges, practices and classifications for telecommunications
services be  just and reasonable,  and that they refrain from engaging in any  unjust or unreasonable discrimination 
with respect to their charges, practices or classifications. However, the FCC has not determined what, if any, regulations will
apply to wholesale broadband Internet access services, and it is uncertain whether it will adopt requirements that will be favorable
or unfavorable to us. It is also possible that the classification of retail broadband Internet access services will be overturned
on appeal, that Congress will adopt legislation reversing that decision, or that a future FCC will reverse that decision. 

Broadband Internet access
is also currently classified as an  information service.  While current policy exempts broadband Internet access services
(but not all broadband services) from contributing to the Universal Service Fund ( USF ), Congress and the FCC may
consider expanding the USF contribution base to include broadband Internet access services. If broadband Internet access providers
become subject to USF contribution obligations, they would likely impose a USF surcharge on end users. Such a surcharge will raise
the effective cost of our broadband services to UOL s customers, which could adversely affect customer satisfaction and have
an adverse impact on our revenues and profitability. 

Failure to make proper
payments for federal USF contributions, FCC regulatory fees or other amounts mandated by federal and state regulations; failure
to maintain proper state tariffs and certifications; failure to comply with federal, state or local laws and regulations; failure
to obtain and maintain required licenses, franchises and permits; imposition of burdensome license, franchise or permit requirements
for us to operate in public rights-of-way; and imposition of new burdensome or adverse regulatory requirements could limit the
types of services we provide or the terms on which we provide these services. 

43   

We cannot predict the
outcome of any ongoing legislative initiatives or administrative or judicial proceedings or their potential impact upon the communications
and information technology industries generally or upon the UOL business specifically.  Any changes in
the laws and regulations applicable to UOL, the enactment of any additional laws or regulations, or the failure to comply with,
or increased enforcement activity by regulators of, such laws and regulations, could significantly impact our services and products,
our costs, or the manner in which we or our advertisers conduct business, all of which could adversely impact our business, financial
condition, results of operations, and cash flows and cause our business to suffer.  

The FCC and some states
require us to obtain prior approval of certain major merger and acquisition transactions, such as the acquisition of control of
another telecommunications carrier. Delays in obtaining such approvals could affect our ability to close proposed transactions
in a timely manner, and could increase our costs and increase the risk of non-consummation of some transactions. 

Failure to  maintain
or grow advertising revenues from UOL, including as a result of failing to  increase or maintain the number of subscribers
for UOL s services, could have a negative impact on advertising profitability .    

Advertising
revenues are a key component of revenues and profitability from UOL.  UOL s services currently generate advertising
revenues from search placements, display advertisements and online market research associated with Internet access and email services.
 Factors that have caused, or may cause in the future, UOL s advertising
revenues to fluctuate include, without limitation, changes in the number of visitors to UOL s websites, active accounts or
consumers purchasing our services and products, the effect of, changes to, or terminations of key advertising relationships, changes
to UOL s websites and advertising inventory, changes in applicable laws, regulations or business practices, including those
related to behavioral or targeted advertising, user privacy, and taxation, changes in business models, changes in the online advertising
market, changes in the economy, advertisers  budgeting and buying patterns, competition, and changes in usage of UOL s
services.  Decreases in UOL s advertising revenues are likely to adversely impact our profitability.
 Further,  our successful operation and management of UOL, including the ability to generate advertising revenues for
UOL s services, will depend in part upon our ability to increase or maintain the number of subscribers for UOL s services.
A decline in the number of subscribers using UOL s services could result in decreased advertising revenues, and decreases
in advertising revenues would adversely impact our profitability. The failure to increase or maintain the number of subscribers
for UOL s services could have a material adverse effect on advertising revenues and our profitability .

Interruption or failure of the network, information
systems or other technologies essential to the UOL business could impair our ability to provide services relating to the UOL business,
which could damage our reputation and harm our operating results .    

Our successful operation
of the UOL business depends on our ability to provide reliable service. Many of UOL s products are supported by data centers.
UOL s network, data centers, central offices and those of UOL s third-party service providers are vulnerable to damage
or interruption from fires, earthquakes, hurricanes, tornados, floods and other natural disasters, terrorist attacks, power loss,
capacity limitations, telecommunications failures, software and hardware defects or malfunctions, break ins, sabotage and vandalism,
human error and other disruptions that are beyond our control. Some of the systems serving the UOL business are not fully redundant,
and our disaster recovery or business continuity planning may not be adequate. The UOL business could also experience interruptions
due to cable damage, theft of equipment, power outages, inclement weather and service failures of third-party service providers.
The occurrence of any disruption or system failure or other significant disruption to business continuity may result in a loss
of business, increase expenses, damage to reputation for providing reliable service, subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny
or expose us to litigation and possible financial losses, any of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations
and cash flows .  

We may be accused of infringing upon the intellectual
property rights of third parties, which is costly to defend and could limit our ability to use certain technologies in the future.   

From time to time third
parties have alleged that UOL infringes on their intellectual property rights, including patent rights. We may be unaware of filed
patent applications and of issued patents that could be related to the products and services we acquired in the UOL Acquisition.
These claims are often made by patent holding companies that are not operating companies. The alleging parties generally seek royalty
payments for prior use as well as future royalty streams. Defending against disputes, litigation or other legal proceedings, whether
or not meritorious, may involve significant expense and diversion of management s attention and resources from other matters.
Due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation, we may not prevail in these actions. Both the costs of defending lawsuits and
any settlements or judgments against us could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows .  

44   

We may be unable to hire and retain sufficient
qualified personnel, and the loss of any personnel could adversely affect us.    

Our ability to successfully operate the
UOL business depends on the ability to hire and retain, as needed, key personnel, many of whom have significant experience in UOL s
industry and whose expertise is required to successfully manage and operate the UOL business. There is substantial and continuous
competition for highly skilled personnel. Workforce reductions, the UOL Acquisition and any future acquisitions may affect our
ability to retain or replace key personnel for the UOL business, harm employee morale and productivity or disrupt our business.
Key personnel in the UOL business may depart because of issues relating to uncertainty or a desire not to remain with us following
a workforce reduction, change in business strategy or acquisition. Finally, the loss of any of key personnel in the UOL business
could impair our ability to execute our business strategy or otherwise have a material adverse effect on us. 

If there are events or
circumstances affecting the reliability or security of the Internet, access to the websites related to the UOL business and/or
the ability to safeguard confidential information could be impaired causing a negative effect on the financial results of our business
operations.    

Our website infrastructure
and the website infrastructure of UOL may be vulnerable to computer viruses, hacking or similar disruptive problems caused by customers,
other Internet users, other connected Internet sites, and the interconnecting telecommunications networks. Such problems caused
by third-parties could lead to interruptions, delays or cessation of service to the customers of the UOL products and services.
Inappropriate use of the Internet by third-parties could also potentially jeopardize the security of confidential information stored
in our computer system, which may deter individuals from becoming customers. There can be no assurance that any such measures would
not be circumvented in future. Dealing with problems caused by computer viruses or other inappropriate uses or security breaches
may require interruptions, delays or cessation of service to customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

The UOL business processes,
stores and uses personal information and other data, which subjects us to governmental regulation and other legal obligations related
to privacy, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could harm our business.    

The UOL business receives,
stores and processes personal information and other customer data, and UOL enables customers to share their personal information
with each other and with third parties. There are numerous federal, state and local laws around the world regarding privacy and
the storing, sharing, use, processing, disclosure and protection of personal information and other customer data, the scope of
which are changing, subject to differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent between countries or conflict with other rules.
We will generally comply with industry standards and are and will be subject to the terms of privacy policies and privacy-related
obligations to third parties. We will strive to comply with all applicable laws, policies, legal obligations and industry codes
of conduct relating to privacy and data protection, to the extent possible. However, it is possible that these obligations may
be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules
or UOL s practices. Any failure or perceived failure to comply with UOL s privacy policies, privacy-related obligations
to customers or other third parties, or privacy-related legal obligations, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized
release or transfer of personally identifiable information or other customer data, may result in governmental enforcement actions,
litigation or public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or others and could cause customers to lose trust in us,
which could have an adverse effect on our business. Additionally, if third parties we work with, such as customers, vendors or
developers, violate applicable laws or policies, such violations may also put our customers  information at risk and could
in turn have an adverse effect on our business. 

Our ability to utilize
UOL s net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards in the future is subject to substantial limitations and may be further
limited as a result of the UOL Acquisition.    

For U.S. federal income
tax purposes, certain ownership changes can limit a corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss and tax
credit carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change income. As a result of the UOL Acquisition,
such limitations will apply to our ability to utilize UOL s net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. These and other
similar applicable limitations could result in increased future tax payments for us, which could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Litigation may distract
us from operating our business.    

Litigation that may
be brought by or against us could cause us to incur significant expenditures and distract our management from the operation of
our business, including UOL s business. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that we would prevail in such litigation or
resolve such litigation on terms favorable to us, which may adversely affect our financial results and operations. 

45   

Our
marketing efforts for UOL s business may not be successful or may become more expensive, either of which could increase our
costs and adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.   

We rely on relationships for our UOL business
with a wide variety of third parties, including Internet search providers such as Google, social networking platforms such as Facebook,
Internet advertising networks, co-registration partners, retailers, distributors, television advertising agencies, and direct marketers,
to source new members and to promote or distribute our services and products. In addition, in connection with the launch of new
services or products for our UOL business, we may spend a significant amount of resources on marketing. With any of our brands,
services, and products, if our marketing activities are inefficient or unsuccessful, if important third-party relationships or
marketing strategies, such as Internet search engine marketing and search engine optimization, become more expensive or unavailable,
or are suspended, modified, or terminated, for any reason, if there is an increase in the proportion of consumers visiting our
websites or purchasing our services and products by way of marketing channels with higher marketing costs as compared to channels
that have lower or no associated marketing costs, or if our marketing efforts do not result in our services and products being
prominently ranked in Internet search listings, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could
be materially and adversely impacted. 

Our
UOL business is dependent on the availability of telecommunications services and compatibility with third-party systems and products.   

Our UOL business substantially
depends on the availability, capacity, affordability, reliability, and security of our telecommunications networks. Only a limited
number of telecommunications providers offer the network and data services we currently require for our UOL business, and we purchase
most of our telecommunications services from a few providers. Some of our telecommunications services are provided pursuant to
short-term agreements that the providers can terminate or elect not to renew. In addition, some telecommunications providers may
cease to offer network services for certain less populated areas, which would reduce the number of providers from which we may
purchase services and may entirely eliminate our ability to purchase services for certain areas. Currently, our mobile broadband
service of our UOL business is entirely dependent upon services acquired from one service provider, and the devices required by
the provider can be used for only such provider's service. If we are unable to maintain, renew or obtain a new agreement with the
telecommunications provider on acceptable terms, or the provider discontinues its services, our business, financial condition,
results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. Sprint, which owns Clearwire, ceased using WiMAX
technology on the Clearwire network. This affected our mobile broadband subscribers for our UOL business that utilized the Clearwire
network. 

Our
dial-up Internet access services of our UOL business also rely on their compatibility with other third-party systems, products
and features, including operating systems. Incompatibility with third-party systems and products could adversely affect our ability
to deliver our services or a user's ability to access our services and could also adversely impact the distribution channels for
our services. Our dial-up Internet access services are dependent on dial-up modems and an increasing number of computer manufacturers,
including certain manufacturers with whom we have distribution relationships, do not pre-load their new computers with dial-up
modems, requiring the user to separately acquire a modem to access our services. We cannot assure you that, as the dial-up Internet
access market declines and new technologies emerge, we will be able to continue to effectively  
distribute and deliver our services.  

Risks Related to our Recent Debt Offering  

Our level of indebtedness,
and restrictions under such indebtedness, could adversely affect our operations and liquidity.   

We
recently completed an offering of 7.50% Senior Notes with an aggregate principal amount of $28.75 million. The terms of such indebtedness
contain various restrictions and covenants regarding the operation of our business, including, but not limited to, restrictions
on our ability to merge or consolidate with or into any other entity. We may also secure additional debt financing in the future
in addition to our current debt. Our level of indebtedness generally could adversely affect our operations and liquidity, by, among
other things: (i) making it more difficult for us to pay or refinance our debts as they become due during adverse economic and
industry conditions because we may not have sufficient cash flows to make our scheduled debt payments; (ii) causing us to use a
larger portion of our cash flows to fund interest and principal payments, thereby reducing the availability of cash to fund working
capital, capital expenditures and other business activities; (iii) making it more difficult for us to take advantage of significant
business opportunities, such as acquisition opportunities or other strategic transactions, and to react to changes in market or
industry conditions; and (iv) limiting our ability to borrow additional monies in the future to fund working capital, capital expenditures,
acquisitions and other general corporate purposes as and when needed, which could force us to suspend, delay or curtail business
prospects, strategies or operations. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow to pay the interest on our debt, and future
working capital, borrowings or equity financing may not be available to pay or refinance such debt. If we are unable to generate
sufficient cash flow to pay the interest on our debt, we may have to delay or curtail our operations. If we are unable to service
our indebtedness, we will be forced to adopt an alternative strategy that may include actions such as reducing capital expenditures,
selling assets, restructuring or refinancing our indebtedness or seeking additional equity capital. These alternative strategies
may not be affected on satisfactory terms, if at all, and they may not yield sufficient funds to make required payments on our
indebtedness. If, for any reason, we are unable to meet our debt service and repayment obligations, we would be in default under
the terms of the agreements governing our debt, which could allow our creditors at that time to declare certain outstanding indebtedness
to be due and payable or exercise other available remedies, which may in turn trigger cross acceleration or cross default rights
in other agreements.  If that should occur, we may not be able to pay all such debt or to borrow sufficient funds to refinance
it. Even if new financing were then available, it may not be on terms that are acceptable to us. 

46   

Item 2. Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.   

None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information. 

None.  

Item 6. Exhibits. 

The exhibits filed
as part of this Quarterly Report are listed in the index to exhibits immediately preceding such exhibits, which index to exhibits
is incorporated herein by reference. 

47   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

B. Riley Financial, Inc.   

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:   
      /  s /  PHILLIP J. AHN    

Name:  Phillip J. Ahn   

Title:  Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

48   

Exhibit Index  

Exhibit No.   
       
        Description    

4.1(1)  
       
      Base Indenture, dated as of November 2, 2016, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National
    Association, as Trustee   
 
      4.2(1)  
       
      First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 2, 2016, by and between the Company and
    U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee   
 
      10.1*  
       
      Sixth
    Amendment and Joinder under Credit Facility among Great American Group WF,  LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National
    Association as Lender October 5, 2016  
 
      10.2(1)  
       
      Underwriting Agreement, dated as of October 27, 2016, by and among the Company, Wunderlich
    Securities, Inc. and Compass Point Research   Trading LLC, as representative of the several underwriters named therein   
 
      31.1*  
       
      Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934   
 
      31.2*  
       
      Certification
    of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934   
 
      32.1*     
       
      Certification
    required by 18 United States Code Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 
      32.2*     
       
      Certification
    required by 18 United States Code Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

101.INS*  
       
      XBRL Instance Document   

101.SCH*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   

101.CAL*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   

101.LAB*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   

101.PRE*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   

101.DEF*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   

*    Filed
                                         herewith.    

These
                                         exhibits are being  furnished  and shall not be deemed  filed 
                                         for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall
                                         they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933,
                                         as amended, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

(1)   Incorporated
                                         by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC
                                         on November 2, 2016 .

<EX-10.1>
 2
 s104618_ex10-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 10-1

Ex. 10.1  

  EXECUTION VERSION  

SIXTH
AMENDMENT AND JOINDER TO CREDIT AGREEMENT    

SIXTH
AMENDMENT AND JOINDER TO CREDIT AGREEMENT   (this   Amendment  ) dated as of October 5, 2016, by and
among 

WELLS FARGO
BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, successor by merger to WELLS FARGO RETAIL FINANCE, LLC ( U.S.  Lender  ), 

WELLS FARGO
CAPITAL FINANCE CORPORATION CANADA (  Canadian Lender   and together with the U.S. Lender, the   Lenders  
and each a   Lender  ), 

GREAT AMERICAN
GROUP WF, LLC, a California limited liability company (  Original Borrower  ), 

GA
Retail, Inc ., a California corporation, together with any other affiliate of Original Borrower party to the Credit Agreement
from time to time as a borrower (such affiliates, together with Original Borrower, each a   U.S. Borrower   and
collectively   U.S. Borrowers   also sometimes referred to herein as the   Existing Borrowers  ),
and 

GA RETAIL CANADA,
ULC, a British Columbia unlimited company (the   Canadian Borrower   and, together with the Existing Borrowers,
the   Borrowers   the Borrowers, together with Riley Financial (defined below), Great American (defined below),
and/or any Subsidiary of any of the foregoing which is or which becomes a party to any Loan Document from time to time, the   Credit
Parties  ). 

WHEREAS: 

A.            U.S.
Borrowers and U.S. Lender are party to that certain Second Amended   Restated Credit Agreement dated as of July 15, 2013 (as
amended by that certain First Amendment to Credit Agreement and Limited Consent and Waiver, dated May 28, 2014, as further amended
by that certain Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of August 28, 2014, as further amended by that certain Third Amendment
to Credit Agreement and that certain Joinder to Loan Documents each dated as of February 5, 2015, as further amended by that certain
Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of February 19, 2015, as further amended by that certain Fifth Amendment to Credit
Agreement, dated as of June 10, 2016, and as may be further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified, renewed or replaced
from time to time, the   Credit Agreement  ), pursuant to which U.S. Lender agreed, subject to the terms and conditions
thereof, to extend credit and make certain other financial accommodations available to the Existing Borrowers; 

B.            The
U.S. Borrowers have requested that the Canadian Borrower be added as a Borrower under the Credit Agreement (the   Joinder  ),
and the Canadian Borrower has agreed to do so in this Agreement, in connection with which, the Canadian Lender has also agreed,
pursuant to its execution of this Agreement, to become a party to the Credit Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof; 

C.            B.
Riley Financial, Inc., a Delaware corporation, f/k/a Great American Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (  Riley Financial  )
and Great American Group, LLC, a California limited liability company (  Great American  ) are parties to that
certain Third Amended and Restated Guaranty dated as of July 15, 2013 (as may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified,
renewed or replaced from time to time, the   Guaranty  ), pursuant to which Riley Financial and Great American
jointly and severally guaranteed to U.S. Lender payment of (among other things) obligations under the Credit Agreement and other
Loan Documents upon the terms set forth the Guaranty; 

C.            Credit
Parties have requested, in connection with the Joinder, that Lenders agree to effect certain amendments to the Credit Agreement,
all as more specifically set forth herein, and Lenders are willing to effect such amendment on the terms and conditions hereinafter
set forth. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties signatory hereto agree as follows: 

1.            Definitions .
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings given such terms in the Credit Agreement. 

2.            Amendments
to Credit Agreement . Effective as of the Effective Date, the Credit Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 

(a)  The Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete the stricken
text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example:  stricken text ) and to add the double-underlined
text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example:   double-underlined
text  ) as set forth in the pages of the Credit Agreement attached hereto as Annex I. 

(b)  The following Schedules, Exhibits and Annexes to the Credit
Agreement are hereby deleted in their entirety and replaced by the corresponding Schedules, Exhibits and Annexes attached hereto
as Annex II: 

(i)          Annex
B (Letters of Credit); 

(ii)         Exhibit
2.1.1 (Form of Notice of Revolving Credit Advance); 

(iii)        Exhibit
2.1.2 (Form of Notice of Letter of Credit Request); 

(iv)        Exhibit
2.1(a)(ii) (Form of Lender s Offer); and 

(v)         Schedules
A, 2.1, 2.1(a)(i), 2.6, 4.8, 4.17 and 5.2. 

3.            Borrower
Joinder . 

(a)            The
Canadian Borrower hereby: 

(i)          acknowledges
and agrees that it has received and reviewed a copy of the Credit Agreement, the Notes, the Equity Pledge Agreement, the Security
Agreements, the other Collateral Documents, and each of the other Loan Documents; 

(ii)         joins
in the execution of, and becomes a party to the Credit Agreement, the Notes, the Equity Pledge Agreement, and the Security Agreements;
and 

(iii)        assumes
and agrees to perform all applicable duties and Obligations of a Borrower and Credit Party under the Credit Agreement, the Notes,
the Equity Pledge Agreement, and the Security Agreements. 

(b)            Without
in any manner limiting the generality of clause (a) above, the Canadian Borrower hereby covenants and agrees that: 

(i)          Canadian
Borrower shall be bound by all covenants (other than covenants which specifically relate solely to an earlier date), agreements,
liabilities and acknowledgments of a Borrower under the Credit Agreement, the Notes, the Equity Pledge Agreement, and the Security
Agreements, in each case, with the same force and effect as if such Canadian Borrower were a signatory thereto and were expressly
named therein; and 

(ii)         to
secure the prompt and complete payment, performance and observance of all of the Obligations and all renewals, extensions, restructurings
and refinancings thereof, and in its capacity as, jointly and severally, individually and collectively with the Original Borrower,
the  Grantor  (as defined in the Security Agreement), pursuant to Section 2 of the Security Agreement, the Canadian
Borrower hereby grants, mortgages, pledges and hypothecates to the U.S. Lender, a Lien upon all of its right, title and interest
in, to and under the Collateral, and hereby authorizes the U.S. Lender and/or its representatives to file such UCC financing statements
as the U.S. Lender may determine to be appropriate in connection therewith. 

4.            Amendments
to Security Documents and Equity Pledge Agreement . Effective as of the Effective Date, each of the Security Documents and the
Equity Pledge Agreement is hereby amended by adding the covenant and corresponding defined terms set forth is Annex III. 

5.            Representations
and Warranties . Borrowers represent and warrant to Lenders that: 

(a)          the
representations and warranties set forth in the Credit Agreement and in each of the other Loan Documents are true and correct on
and as of the date hereof, as though made on such date, and as if each reference therein to  this Agreement  or the
 Credit Agreement  or the like includes reference to this Amendment and the Credit Agreement as amended hereby (except
to the extent that such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct
as of such earlier date); 

(b)          the
execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment by each Credit Party (i) are all within such Credit Party s corporate
powers, (ii) are not in contravention of any Laws or the terms of such Credit Party s Organizational Documents, or any indenture,
agreement or undertaking to which such Credit Party is a party or by which such Credit Party or its property is bound, and (iii)
shall not result in the creation or imposition of any lien, claim, charge or encumbrance upon any of the Collateral, except in
favor of U.S. Lender pursuant to the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents as amended hereby; 

(c)          this
Amendment and each other agreement or instrument to be executed and delivered by Credit Parties in connection herewith have been
duly authorized, executed and delivered by all necessary action on the part of such Credit Party and, if necessary, its stockholders,
as the case may be, and the agreements and obligations of each Credit Party contained herein and therein constitute the legal,
valid and binding obligations of such Credit Party, enforceable against it in accordance with their terms, except as enforceability
is limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, moratorium or other laws affecting creditor s rights
generally and by general principles of equity; 

(d)          after
giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default exists as of the date hereof; and 

(e)          no
action of, or filing with, or consent of any Governmental Authority, and no approval or consent of any other party (other than,
in each case, actions, filings or consents that have already been taken, made or obtained) is required to authorize, or is otherwise
required in connection with, the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment. 

6.            Conditions
Precedent . The amendments set forth in this Amendment shall not be effective until each of the following conditions precedent
are satisfied in a manner satisfactory to Lenders (the   Effective Date  ): 

(a)           receipt
by Lenders of this Amendment, duly authorized and executed by each Credit Party; 

(b)           to
the extent invoiced, reimbursement or payment of all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable
fees and expenses of Choate, Hall   Stewart LLP and Norton Rose Fulbright Canada LLP, counsel to the Lenders) required to be
reimbursed or paid by Credit Parties pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, including, without limitation and Lender Expenses
pursuant to Section 11.4 of the Credit Agreement; 

(c)           after
giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, nor shall any Default or
Event of Default result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein; 

(d)           all
action on the part of the Canadian Borrower and the other Credit Parties necessary for the valid execution, delivery and performance
by the Canadian Borrower of this Amendment and all other documentation, instruments, and agreements required to be executed in
connection herewith shall have been duly and effectively taken and evidence thereof reasonably satisfactory to the Lenders shall
have been provided to the Lenders; 

(e)            the
Canadian Borrower (and each other Credit Party, to the extent requested by the Lenders) shall each have delivered the following
to the Lenders, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Lenders: 

(i)          a
Perfection Certificate with respect to the Canadian Borrower; 

(ii)         a
certificate good standing issued by its jurisdiction of incorporation; 

(iii)        a
certificate of an authorized officer of the due adoption, continued effectiveness, and setting forth the text, of each corporate
resolution adopted in connection with the assumption of obligations under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents to
which it is a party, including, pursuant to the Joinder, and attesting to the true signatures of each Person authorized as a signatory
to any of such Loan Documents, together with true and accurate copies of all Organizational Documents; and 

(iv)        execution
and delivery by Canadian Borrower of the Canadian Security Agreement, as well as all such other documents, agreements and certificates
as the Lenders may reasonably require; 

(f)           the
Lenders, upon their reasonable request, shall have received a favorable written legal opinion of the Credit Parties' counsel addressed
to the Lenders, covering such matters relating to the Canadian Borrower, the Loan Documents and/or the transactions contemplated
thereby as the Lenders shall reasonably request; 

(g)           the
Lenders shall have received all documents and instruments required by law or requested by the Lenders to create or perfect the
first priority Lien with respect to the Canadian Borrower (subject only to Permitted Encumbrances having priority by operation
of applicable Law) intended to be created under the Loan Documents and all such documents and instruments shall have been so filed,
registered or recorded or other arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Lenders; 

(h)           the
Credit Parties shall have executed and delivered to the Lenders such additional documents, instruments, and agreements as the Lenders
may reasonably request in connection herewith; and 

(i)            all
orders, permissions, consents, approvals, licenses, authorizations and validations of, and filings, recordings and registrations
with, and exemptions by, any Governmental Authority, or any other Person required to authorize or otherwise required in connection
with the execution, delivery and performance by each Credit Party of this Amendment and the transactions contemplated, shall have
been obtained and shall be in full force and effect. 

7.            Effect
on Loan Documents . As amended hereby, the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be and remain in full force and
effect in accordance with their terms and hereby are ratified and confirmed by each Credit Party in all respects. The execution,
delivery, and performance of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power, or remedy of Lenders under the Credit
Agreement or the other Loan Documents. Each Credit Party hereby ratifies and confirms in all respects all of its obligations and
any prior grant of a security interest under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, including
pursuant to the Joinder. 

8.            Further
Assurances . Each Credit Party shall execute and deliver all agreements, documents and instruments, each in form and substance
satisfactory to Lenders, and take all actions as Lenders may reasonably request from time to time, to perfect and maintain the
perfection and priority of the security interest in the Collateral held by Lenders and to fully consummate the transactions contemplated
under this Amendment and the Credit Agreement, as modified hereby. 

9.            Release .
Each Credit Party hereby remises, releases, acquits, satisfies and forever discharges Lenders, its agents, employees, officers,
directors, predecessors, attorneys and all others acting on behalf of or at the direction of Lenders, of and from any and all manner
of actions, causes of action, suit, debts, accounts, covenants, contracts, controversies, agreements, variances, damages, judgments,
claims and demands whatsoever, in law or in equity, which any of such parties ever had, or now has, to the extent arising from
or in connection with any act, omission or state of facts taken or existing on or prior to the date hereof, against Lenders, its
agents, employees, officers, directors, attorneys and all persons acting on behalf of or at the direction of Lenders (  Releasees  ),
for, upon or by reason of any matter, cause or thing whatsoever through the date hereof. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, each Credit Party waives and affirmatively agrees not to allege or otherwise pursue any defenses, affirmative defenses,
counterclaims, claims, causes of action, setoffs or other rights they have or may have as of the date hereof, including, but not
limited to, the rights to contest any conduct of Lenders or other Releasees on or prior to the date hereof. 

10.          No
Novation; Entire Agreement . This Amendment is not a novation or discharge of the terms and provisions of the obligations of
Credit Parties under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. There are no other understandings, express or implied,
among Credit Parties and Lenders regarding the subject matter hereof or thereof. 

11.          Governing
Law . THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAW PRINCIPLES THEREOF. 

12.          Counterparts;
Electronic Execution . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties and separate counterparts,
each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute
one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Amendment by facsimile or other electronic
transmission shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. Any party delivering an executed
counterpart of this Amendment by facsimile or other electronic transmission also shall deliver a manually executed counterpart
of this Amendment but the failure to deliver a manually executed counterpart shall not affect the validity, enforceability, and
binding effect of this Amendment. 

13.          Construction .
This Amendment and the Credit Agreement shall be construed collectively and in the event that any term, provision or condition
of any of such documents is inconsistent with or contradictory to any term, provision or condition of any other such document,
the terms, provisions and conditions of this Amendment shall supersede and control the terms, provisions and conditions of the
Credit Agreement. Upon and after the effectiveness of this Amendment, each reference in the Credit Agreement to  this Agreement ,
 hereunder ,  herein ,  hereof  or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement,
and each reference in the other Loan Documents to  the Credit Agreement ,  thereunder ,  therein ,
 thereof  or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement
as modified hereby. 

[Signature Pages Follow] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed as of the date first above written. 

GREAT AMERICAN GROUP WF, LLC, a California limited liability company   

By:  
      /s/ Phillip J. Ahn   

Name:  Phillip J. Ahn   

Title:  CFO/COO   

gA RETAIL, Inc.,   a California corporation   

By:  
      /s/ Phillip J. Ahn   

Name:  Phillip J. Ahn   

Title:  Secretary   

GA Retail Canada, ULC  , an unlimited liability company formed under the laws of the Province of British Columbia   

By:  
      /s/ Phillip J. Ahn   

Name:  Phillip J. Ahn   

Title:  Director   Secretary   

[Signature Page to Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION   

By:  
      /s/ Joseph Burt   

Name: Joseph Burt   

Title: Director    

WELLS FARGO CAPITAL FINANCE CORPORATION CANADA    

By:  
      /s/David G. Phillips   

Name: David G. Phillips   

Title: Senior Vice President Credit Officer, Canada Wells Fargo Capital Finance Corporation Canada   

[Signature Page to Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND AGREEMENT  

Each of the undersigned hereby acknowledges and agrees to the
provisions of the foregoing Amendment applicable to it, including but not limited to the releases set forth in Section 7. 

B. RILEY FINANCIAL, INC., a Delaware corporation  
                       (f/k/a Great American Group, Inc.)    

By:  
      /s/ Phillip J. Ahn   

Name:  Phillip J. Ahn   

Title:  CFO/COO   

great american group, llc,   a California limited liability company   

By:  
      /s/ Phillip J. Ahn   

Name:  Phillip J. Ahn   

Title:  CFO/COO   

[Signature Page to Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

Annex I  

Conformed Credit Agreement 

[CONFORMED COPY    
  THROUGH   FIFTH Amendment]    

   SIXTH AMENDMENT]   

SECOND AMENDED   RESTATED
CREDIT AGREEMENT 

Dated as of July 15, 2013 

between 

GREAT AMERICAN GROUP WF, LLC, 

as a Borrower, 

certain other Borrowers who may
become party hereto 

and 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as   the
U.S.   Lender 

NOTE: THIS CONFORMED
COPY IS FOR INFORMATIONAL/REFERENCE PURPOSES    

   ONLY. PLEASE REFER
BACK TO EXECUTED CREDIT AGREEMENT AND ANY    

   AMENDMENTS IN ORDER
TO DETERMINE LEGAL RIGHTS OF ANY PERSON.   

Wells
Fargo Capital Finance Corporation Canada   

as the Canadian
Lender  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

i       

ii       

iii       

INDEX OF ANNEXES, EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES   

Annexes    

Annex A   
      Schedule of Documents   
 
      Annex B  
      Provisions Governing Letters of Credit   

Exhibits    

Exhibit 2.1-1   
      Form of Notice of Revolving Credit Advance    
 
      Exhibit 2.1-2   
      Form of Notice of Letter of Credit Request    
 
      Exhibit 2.1(a)(i)   
      Form of Liquidation Loan Proposal   
 
      Exhibit 2.1(a)(ii)  
      Form of Lender s Offer   
 
      Exhibit 2.1(i)  
      Form of Note   
 
      Exhibit 10.3  
      Form of Assignment and Acceptance   

Schedules    

Schedule A   
      Borrower s Authorized Representatives   
 
      Schedule 2.1  
      Lender s Representative   
 
      Schedule 2.1(a)(i)  
      Due Diligence Requirements for Each Proposed Revolving Credit Advance   
 
      Schedule 2.6  
      Cash Management Banks and Accounts   DDA s   
 
      Schedule 4.8   
      List of Great American s Respective Affiliates    
 
      Schedule 4.17  
      Deposit and Disbursement Accounts   
 
      Schedule 5.2   
      Reporting Requirements for Each Liquidation Sale    

iv       

THIS SECOND AMENDED  
RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (  Agreement  ) is entered into as of July 15, 2013, by and among GREAT AMERICAN
GROUP WF, LLC, a California limited liability company (  Original Borrower  ), any other affiliate   or
subsidiary     of Original Borrower that becomes a party hereto from time to time (such affiliates, together with
Original Borrower,   Borrower   and collectively   Borrowers  ) and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, successor by merger to WELLS FARGO RETAIL FINANCE, LLC (   U.S.    Lender  ). 

RECITALS   

A.           Defined terms
used in these Recitals without definition are as defined in  Section 1.1  hereof. 

B.           Original Borrower
is a wholly-owned Subsidiary of Great American and may conduct Liquidation Sales of certain Retail Inventory and Other Assets of
various Merchants, all of which may be financed in part by   the Applicable   Lender, in   the
Applicable   Lender s discretion, pursuant to this Agreement. 

C.           Original Borrower
conducts such Liquidation Sales pursuant to certain Liquidation Sales Agreements between a Merchant and Original Borrower or a
Liquidator JV. When a Liquidation Sale is conducted through a Liquidator JV, Original Borrower participates in such Liquidation
Sale pursuant to an Agency Agreement, with the other members of the Liquidator JV. The terms of the Agency Agreements set forth
the relative rights, obligations, and duties of the various joint venturers party thereto and establish provisions for the sharing
of payments and other interests among such joint venturers. 

D.           In conducting
the Liquidation Sales, the applicable Liquidator will be obligated to make certain payments as consideration for the purchase by
such Liquidator of the Retail Inventory or Other Assets covered by the applicable Liquidation Sales Agreements and/or the right
to conduct the going out of business, liquidation, store closing sales, or other sales contemplated by such Liquidation Sales Agreements. 

E.           Original Borrower
and   U.S.   Lender have previously entered into that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of
October 21, 2008, as amended and restated by that certain First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated December 8, 2010
among Original Borrower,   U.S.   Lender and GA Asset Advisors (the   Existing Credit
Agreement  ) pursuant to which   U.S.   Lender agreed, on an uncommitted basis, to
provide loans and letters of credit to finance a portion of the payments Original Borrower and GA Asset Advisors were required
to make under certain Liquidation Sales Agreements. 

F.           Original Borrower
and GA Asset Advisors have asked   U.S.   Lender, and   U.S.  
Lender has agreed, to amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement in its entirety by this Agreement in order to provide for
(i) the removal of GA Asset Advisors from the Existing Credit Agreement, (ii) the removal of the ability of Borrowers
to receive Inventory Advances, Other Asset Advances or Letters of Credit in connection with the conduct of Liquidation Sales in
the United Kingdom, and (iii) to make certain other amendments, all pursuant to and on the terms and conditions set forth
herein, including  Section 11.   26    30   
 hereof. 

G.           Borrowers acknowledge
that: (i)   each   Lender is entering into this Agreement on an uncommitted and discretionary
basis, with no obligation to fund any Inventory Advance, Other Assets Advance, or to cause the issuance of any Letter of Credit;
provided, however, that if   a   Lender does fund an Inventory Advance,  
such   Lender may commit to fund Total Expense Advances or Sales Tax Advances in connection therewith; and (ii) the making
by   a   Lender of any Inventory Advance or Other Assets Advance, or the issuance of any Letter
of Credit, requested hereunder shall not obligate, or represent a commitment or promise by   a   Lender,
to make any future Revolving Credit Advances or cause the issuance of any other Letter of Credit. 

AGREEMENT   

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants hereinafter contained, the parties hereto agree that the Existing Credit
Agreement shall be amended and restated in its entirety and shall remain in full force and effect as set forth herein: 

DEFINITIONS AND CERTAIN RULES OF CONSTRUCTION 

  Definitions . For all purposes of
this Agreement, capitalized terms used in this Agreement shall have (unless otherwise provided elsewhere in this Agreement) the
following respective meanings when used herein: 

   Accounts  
shall mean all of any Borrower s now owned or hereafter acquired right, title, and interest with respect to  accounts 
(as such term is defined from time to time in the Code  , the PPSA   or other Law applicable
to a Borrower), and any and all supporting obligations in respect thereof. 

ACH Transactions  
shall mean any cash management or related services (including the Automated Clearing House processing of electronic funds transfers
through the direct Federal Reserve Fedline system) provided by   a   Lender or its Affiliates
for the account of any Borrower and its Affiliates. 

Affiliate  
means as applied to any Person, any other Person who, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control
with, such Person. For purposes of this definition,  control  means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the
power to direct the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of Capital Stock, by contract, or otherwise;
 provided ,  however , that, for purposes hereof: (a) any Person which owns directly or indirectly 10% or more of the
securities having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other members of the governing body of a Person or 10%
or more of the partnership or other ownership interests of a Person (other than as a limited partner of such Person) shall be deemed
to control such Person (except for any such Person who is a member of the Great American Group, in which case the foregoing  10% 
threshold shall instead be  40%  in all cases); (b) each director (or comparable manager) of a Person shall be deemed
to be an Affiliate of such Person; and (c) each partnership or joint venture in which a Person is a partner or joint venturer shall
be deemed to be an Affiliate of such Person; provided, however, no Person (other than a Credit Party or a Subsidiary of a Credit
Party) who is a party to any Liquidation Sales Agreement, or Liquidator Joint Venture Agreement (or any similar agreement or arrangement)
shall be deemed to be an  Affiliate  of a Borrower by virtue of being a party to such agreement or arrangement. 

Agency Agreement  
shall mean an Agency Agreement, entered into between a Liquidator and a Merchant in form and substance satisfactory to   Lender    the
Lenders   (including without limitation as to compliance with all applicable Laws), pursuant to which a Liquidator is
given the right to conduct a Liquidation Sale. 

Agreement  
shall mean this Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, among Borrowers and   the
U.S.   Lender, including all annexes, exhibits and schedules, as it may subsequently be amended, restated, supplemented,
modified, replaced, or refinanced. 

Aggregate Consideration  
shall mean with respect to each Liquidation Sale conducted by a Borrower (or through a Liquidator JV), the sum of (A) 100% of the
cash consideration payable by a Borrower (including, but not limited to, a Borrower s share of the consideration payable
by any Liquidator JV under a Liquidation Sales Agreement) under any Liquidation Sales Agreement (including, without limitation,
any Guaranteed Amount or Purchase Price), plus (B) the full undrawn amount of any Letter of Credit a Borrower or a Liquidator JV,
as applicable, is required to post under the applicable Liquidation Sales Agreement to ensure payment of any portion of the Guaranteed
Amount or Purchase Price which has not been paid in cash. 

Applicable
Lender  means (a) with respect to U.S. Revolving Credit Advances and U.S. Letters of Credit, the U.S. Lender and (b) with
respect to Canadian Revolving Credit Advances and Canadian Letters of Credit, the Canadian Lender.  

Authorized
Person   shall mean those Persons listed on  Schedule A  or any other individual designated in writing by such Person
to act on behalf of a Borrower. 

Auto-Extension
Letter of Credit   has the meaning set forth in  Annex B.   

BA
Equivalent Rate  means, on any day, the average rate per annum as reported on the Reuters Screen CDOR Page (or any successor
page or such other page or commercially available service displaying Canadian interbank bid rates for CAD bankers  acceptances
as the Canadian Lender may designate from time to time, or if no such substitute service is available, the rate quoted by a Schedule
I bank under the  Bank Act  (Canada) selected by the Canadian Lender at which such bank is offering to purchase CAD bankers 
acceptances) as of 10:00 a.m. Eastern (Toronto) time on the date of commencement of the requested Interest Period, for a term,
and in an amount, comparable to the Interest Period and the amount of the BA Rate Loan requested by Canadian Borrower in accordance
with this Agreement (and, if any such reported rate is below zero, then the rate determined pursuant to this definition shall be
deemed to be zero). Each determination of the BA Equivalent Rate shall be made by the Canadian Lender and shall be conclusive in
the absence of manifest error.  

BA
Rate Loan  means each portion of the Revolving Loans that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the BA Equivalent
Rate.  

Backend L/C  
shall mean a Letter of Credit which Liquidator is required to have issued for the benefit of the Merchant pursuant to a Liquidation
Sales Agreement in order to secure a final payment of the Guaranteed Amount or Purchase Price in connection with a Liquidation
Sale where the Liquidation Sales Agreement does not require the Liquidator to pay to the Merchant a substantial portion of the
Guaranteed Amount or Purchase Price upon the closing of the transaction. 

Backend L/C
Cash Collateral   has the meaning set forth in  Annex B . 

Bank Product
Agreements   shall mean those certain cash management service agreements entered into from time to time by a Credit Party
in connection with any of the Bank Products. 

   Bank Product
Obligations   means all obligations, liabilities, contingent reimbursement obligations, fees, and expenses owing by a
Credit Party to   Lender    the Lenders   or   its    their  
Affiliates pursuant to or evidenced by the Bank Product Agreements and irrespective of whether for the payment of money, whether
direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising, and including all such amounts
that a Credit Party is obligated to reimburse to   Lender    the
Lenders   as a result of   a   Lender purchasing participations or executing indemnities
or reimbursement obligations with respect to the Bank Products provided to a Credit Party pursuant to the Bank Product Agreements. 

Bank Products  
means any service or facility extended to a Credit Party by   a   Lender or any Affiliate of  
a   Lender including: (a) credit cards, (b) credit card processing services, (c) debit cards, (d) purchase cards, (e)
ACH Transactions, (f) cash management, including controlled disbursement, accounts or services, (g) Hedge Agreements, or (h) Factored
Receivables and other arrangements with respect to the factoring, sale, put, or other conditional sale or transfer of any Accounts
of a Credit Party or accounts payable of a Credit Party. 

Bankruptcy
Code   shall mean the United States Bankruptcy Code as in effect from time to time. 

Base LIBO Rate  
means the rate per annum, determined by   the Applicable   Lender in accordance with its customary
procedures, and utilizing such electronic or other quotation sources as it considers appropriate (rounded upwards, if necessary,
to the next 1/16%), on the basis of the rates at which Dollar deposits are offered to major banks in the London interbank market
on or about 1:00 p.m. (Boston, Massachusetts time) two Business Days prior to the commencement of the applicable Interest Period,
for a term and in amounts comparable to the Interest Period and amount of the LIBO Rate Loan requested by a Borrower in accordance
with this Agreement, which determination shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. 

Base
Rate  shall mean, for any day, a rate per annum (rounded upward, if necessary, to the next 1/100 of 1%) equal to the greatest
of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the LIBO Rate for a one month Interest Period as in effect on such day plus 1.00%
and   (c) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day plus 0.50%. The  Prime Rate  is a rate set by
Lender based upon various factors including Lender s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors,
and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change
in such rate announced by Lender shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement
of such change.  Federal Funds Effective Rate  for any day, is the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal
funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by federal funds brokers, as published on the next succeeding
Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day,
the average of the quotations for the day for such transactions received by Lender from three federal funds brokers of recognized
standing selected by it. If Lender shall have determined (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that
it is unable to ascertain the Federal Funds Effective Rate for any reason, including the inability or failure of Lender to obtain
sufficient quotations in accordance with the terms of the definition thereof, the Base Rate shall be determined without regard
to clause (c) of the first sentence of this paragraph until the circumstances giving rise to such inability no longer exist. Any
change in     the     Base Rate 
means (a) with respect to Revolving Credit Advances denominated in Dollars, U.S. Base Rate and (b) with respect to Revolving Credit
Advances denominated in CAD, Canadian Base Rate.   

Base
Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the LIBO Rate or the Federal Funds Effective Rate shall be effective on the effective date
of such change in the Prime Rate, LIBO Rate or the Federal Funds Effective Rate, respectively.  

Benefit Plan  
means a  defined benefit plan  (as defined in  Section 3(35)  of ERISA) for which a Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate
of a Borrower has been an  employer  (as defined in  Section 3(5)  of ERISA) within the past six years. 

BIA 
means the  Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act  (Canada) as amended from time to time (or any successor statute).  

Blocked Account  
shall have the meaning assigned to it in  Section 2.6(e) . 

Board of Directors  
means the board of directors (or comparable managers) of a Person or any committee thereof duly authorized to act on behalf thereof. 

Books  
shall mean all of each Borrower s now owned or hereafter acquired books and records (including all of its Records indicating,
summarizing, or evidencing its assets (including the Collateral) or liabilities, all of each Borrower s Records relating
to its business operations or financial condition, and all of its goods or General Intangibles related to such information). 

Borrower  
and   Borrowers   shall have the meanings given such terms in the Preamble hereto  
and includes, for greater certainty, the Canadian Borrower as of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date  . 

Borrower Equity
Amount   shall mean, with respect to each Liquidation Sale, the Aggregate Consideration to be provided for by a Borrower
in respect thereto  less  the aggregate Liquidation Borrowings to be made by   the Applicable   Lender
in respect thereto. 

Borrower Equity
Percentage   shall mean, with respect to each Liquidation Sale, the percentage ratio of the Borrower Equity Amount to
the Aggregate Consideration in respect thereto. 

Borrower Joinder  
shall mean a joinder agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to   Lender    the
Lenders  , from a wholly-owned Subsidiary of Great American pursuant to which such Subsidiary joins this Agreement as
a Borrower.   For greater certainty, the Sixth Amendment and Joinder to Credit Agreement, dated the
Sixth Amendment Effective Date, shall constitute a Borrower Joinder with respect to the Canadian Borrower.   

Budget  
shall mean, with respect to each Liquidation Sale, the budget for such Liquidation Sale prepared by a Borrower and delivered to
  the Applicable   Lender with the Liquidation Loan Proposal for such Liquidation Sale, together
with any modifications thereto agreed to in writing by a Borrower and   the Applicable   Lender,
all in such form and substance as may be reasonably acceptable to   the Applicable   Lender. 

Burdale  
means Burdale Financial Limited. 

Business Day  
shall mean any day that is not a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banks are required or permitted to be closed in the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts or the State of California; except that, for any Borrower, if a determination of a Business Day shall relate to
a LIBO Rate Loan, the term  Business Day  also shall exclude any day on which banks are closed for dealings in Dollar
deposits in the London interbank market. 

B. Riley  
means B. Riley and Co., LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 

CAD 
or  C$  means the lawful currency of Canada.  

Canadian Anti-Money Laundering   Anti-Terrorism
Legislation  means the  Criminal Code , R.S.C. 1985, c. C-46,  The Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist
Financing Act , S.C. 2000, c. 17 and the  United Nations Act , R.S.C. 1985, c.U-2 or any similar Canadian legislation,
together with all rules, regulations and interpretations thereunder or related thereto including the Regulations Implementing the
United Nations Resolutions on the Suppression of Terrorism and the United Nations Al-Qaida and Taliban Regulations promulgated
under the United Nations Act.  

Canadian
Base Rate  means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) the BA Equivalent Rate existing on such day (which
rate shall be calculated based upon an Interest Period of 1 month), plus 1 percentage point, and (b) the  prime rate 
for CAD commercial loans made in Canada as reported by Thomson Reuters under Reuters Instrument Code  CAPRIME=  on the  CA
Prime Rate (Domestic Interest Rate)   Composite Display  page (or any successor page or such other commercially available
service or source (including the CAD  prime rate  announced by a Schedule I bank under the  Bank Act  (Canada))
as the Canadian Lender may designate from time to time). Each determination of the Canadian Base Rate shall be made by the Canadian
Lender and shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error.  

Canadian
Benefit Plan  means all material employee benefit plans of any nature or kind whatsoever that are not Canadian Pension Plans
and are maintained or contributed to by a Credit Party.  

Canadian
Blocked Person  means any Person that is a  designated person ,  politically exposed foreign person 
or  terrorist group  as described in any Canadian Economic Sanctions and Export Control Laws.  

Canadian
Borrower  means GA RETAIL CANADA, ULC, an unlimited liability company formed under the laws of the Province of British Columbia.  

Canadian
Economic Sanctions and Export Control Laws  means any Canadian laws, regulations or orders governing transactions in controlled
goods or technologies or dealings with countries, entities, organizations, or individuals subject to economic sanctions and similar
measures, including the  Special Economic Measures Act  (Canada), the  United Nations Act  (Canada), the  Freezing
Assets of Corrupt Foreign Officials Act  (Canada), Part II.1 of the  Criminal Code , (Canada) and the  Export and Import
Permits Act  (Canada), and any related regulations.  

Canadian
Issuing Bank  means WFCFCC.  

Canadian
Lender  means WFCFCC.  

Canadian
Letter of Credit  means a letter of credit issued by Canadian Issuing Bank for the account of a Canadian Borrower in either
Dollars or CAD.  

Canadian
L/C Usage  means, as of any date of determination, the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Canadian Letters of Credit
minus any undrawn amount of any outstanding Canadian Letters of Credit previously calculated as Canadian L/C Usage that are subject
to Letter of Credit Collateralization on such date of determination.  

Canadian
Pension Plans  means each pension plan required to be registered under Canadian federal or provincial law that is maintained
or contributed to by a Credit Party for its employees or former employees but does not include the Canada Pension Plan or the Quebec
Pension Plan as maintained by the Government of Canada or the Province of Quebec, respectively.  

Canadian
Priority Payable Reserves  means reserves established in the good faith credit discretion of the Applicable Lender for amounts
secured by any Liens, choate or inchoate, which rank or are capable of ranking in priority to the Lenders  Liens and/or for
amounts which may represent costs relating to the enforcement of the Lenders  Liens including, without limitation, in the
good faith credit discretion of the Lenders, any such amounts due and not paid for wages, vacation pay, amounts due and not paid
under any legislation relating to workers  compensation or to employment insurance, all amounts deducted or withheld and
not paid and remitted when due under the  Income Tax Act  (Canada), amounts currently or past due and not paid for realty,
municipal or similar taxes, any and all solvency deficiencies, unfunded liabilities on wind-up or wind-up deficiencies in regards
to any Canadian Pension Plan which is a defined benefit plan (to the extent impacting personal or moveable property) and all amounts
currently or past due and not contributed, remitted or paid to any Canada Pension Plan, the  Pension Benefits Act  (Ontario)
or any similar legislation.  

Canadian
Revolving Credit Advance  shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.1(a).  

Canadian
Security Agreement  means (a) the Security Agreement, dated as of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, between Canadian Borrower
and the Applicable Lender, or (b) any deed of hypothec entered into from time to time between the Canadian Borrower and Applicable
Lender, in all cases, as it may subsequently be amended, restated, modified, supplemented, or replaced.  

Capital Lease  
shall mean a lease that is required to be capitalized for financial reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. 

Capital Stock  
means with respect to any person, any and all shares of capital stock, any membership, partnership or other ownership interest
or any other class of stock or equity interests, participations or other equivalents in such Person (however designated, whether
voting or non-voting, general or limited) of such Person s capital, whether now outstanding or issued after the Closing Date. 

Cash Collateralized  
has the meaning set forth in  Annex B, Section 9 . 

Cash Management
Account   shall have the meaning given such term in Section 2.6(a). 

Cash Management
Bank   shall have the meaning given such term in Section 2.6(a). 

CCAA 
means the  Companies' Creditors Arrangement Act  (Canada) as amended from time to time (or any successor statute).  

Change of Control   shall
mean, at any time: 

(a)           occupation
of a majority of the seats (other than vacant seats) on the Board of Directors (or other body exercising similar management authority)
of GAG Inc. by Persons who are not Continuing Directors and were neither (i) nominated by the Permitted Holders nor (ii) appointed
by directors so nominated; 

(b)           any
Person or  group  (within the meaning of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), other than a Permitted
Holder, is or becomes the beneficial owner (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 or 13d-5 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, except that such Person or group shall be deemed to have  beneficial ownership  of all Capital Stock that
such Person or group has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time),
directly or indirectly, of (i) twenty-five percent (25%) or more (on a fully diluted basis) of the total then outstanding Capital
Stock of GAG Inc. entitled to vote for the election of directors of GAG Inc., and (ii) Capital Stock of GAG Inc. entitled to vote
for the election of directors of GAG Inc. in an amount greater than the number of shares of such Capital Stock beneficially owned
by the Permitted Holders (or over which the Permitted Holders have voting control); 

(c)           GAG
Inc. fails at any time to own, directly or indirectly, 100% of the Capital Stock of Great American free and clear of all Liens
(other than Permitted Encumbrances); 

(d)           (i)
Great American fails to own, at any time, directly or indirectly, 100% of the Capital Stock of any Borrower free and clear of all
Liens (other than Permitted Encumbrances) and/or ceases to manage any Borrower s business and operations;  provided ,
 however , notwithstanding the foregoing, B. Riley shall be permitted to own up to 1,000 non-voting preferred shares of the
Capital Stock of Retail; or (ii) Great American fails to own, at any time, 100% of the Capital Stock of any Borrower entitled to
vote with respect to any matters; and 

(e)           Andrew
Gumaer (i) ceases to be actively engaged in the management and day-to-day operations and administration of Great American or any
Borrower, (ii) ceases to be a Continuing Director of B. Riley Financial, Inc., f/k/a Great American Group, Inc., or (iii) ceases
to be a Continuing Director of Great American. 

Charges  
shall mean all federal, national, state, county, city, municipal, local, foreign or other governmental Taxes (including Taxes owed
to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, or any successor thereto, (and the equivalent in any other jurisdiction of a Borrower)
at the time due and payable), levies, assessments, charges, liens, claims or encumbrances upon or relating to (a) the Collateral,
(b) the Obligations, (c) the employees, payroll, income or gross receipts of any Borrower, (d) any Borrower s ownership or
use of any properties or other assets, or (e) any other aspect of any Borrower s business. 

Closing Date  
shall mean October 21, 2008. 

Closing Fee  
shall have the meaning set forth in the Fee Letter. 

Code  
shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as the same may, from time to time, be enacted and in effect in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts;
 provided , that in the event that, by reason of mandatory provisions of law, any or all of the attachment, perfection or
priority of   Lender s    the Lenders   
security interest in any Collateral is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted and in effect in a jurisdiction other
than the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, the term  Code  shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted and in effect
in such other jurisdiction solely for purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such attachment, perfection or priority and
for purposes of definitions related to such provisions. 

Collateral  
shall mean all of any Borrower s right, title, and interest in and to the property covered by the Security   Agreement    Agreements  ,
the Foreign Security Documents, and the other Collateral Documents and any other property, real or personal, tangible or intangible,
now existing or hereafter acquired, that may at any time be or become subject to a security interest or Lien in favor of   Lender    the
Lenders   to secure the Obligations, including all of any Borrower s rights under and interest in all Liquidation
Sales Agreements, Liquidator Joint Venture Agreements, and amounts received by or payable to Borrower under any of the foregoing
agreements. 

Collateral
Assignments   shall mean written instruments of assignment by a Borrower to   the Applicable
  Lender, in form and substance satisfactory to   the Applicable   Lender, of all
of such Borrower s right, title, and interest to any Liquidator Joint Venture Agreements or Liquidation Sales Agreements. 

Collateral
Documents   shall mean the Security   Agreement    Agreements  ,
the Foreign Security Documents, the Collateral Assignments, and any and all other agreements entered into by a Credit Party which
grants   Lender    the Lenders   a Lien upon property
of such Credit Party as security for payment of the Obligations. 

Collections  
shall mean, with respect to each Liquidation Sale, all cash, checks, notes, drafts or other similar items of payment relating to
or constituting payments received by or payable to a Credit Party in connection with or relating to such Liquidation Sale, including,
where applicable, payments received through credit card sales and amounts payable by the applicable Merchant to a Credit Party
with respect to returns, allowances and customer credits. 

Collection
Account   shall mean in connection with each Liquidation Sale funded by a Liquidation Borrowing, an account at   the
Applicable   Lender, or at any other financial institution satisfactory to   the Applicable  
Lender in its sole discretion at all times in any jurisdiction outside the United States, in the name of   the
Applicable   Lender (when permissible under applicable Law) designated by   the Applicable  
Lender as the  Collection Account  for such Liquidation Sale and shall include any Master Collection Account. 

Continuing
Directors   shall mean (a) with respect to Great American (i) any member of the Board of Directors (or any manager
of any comparable body) of Great American who was or became a member of the Board of Directors (or a manager of any comparable
body) of Great American on the Closing Date, and (ii) any individual who becomes a member of the Board of Directors (or a
manager of a comparable body) of Great American after the Closing Date if such individual was appointed or nominated for election
to the Board of Directors by a majority of the members of Great American, who then constituted  Continuing Directors ,
and (b) with respect to GAG Inc., any member of the Board of Directors of GAG Inc. who was or became a director of GAG Inc.
on August 27, 2009, or becomes a member of the Board of Directors of GAG Inc. after August 27, 2009, if such individual was appointed
or nominated for election to the Board of Directors by a majority of the members constituting  Continuing Directors . 

Control Agreement  
shall mean an agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to   Lender    the
Lenders  , executed and delivered by a Borrower,   the Applicable   Lender, and the
applicable securities intermediary, depository institution, or bank, which agreement is sufficient to give   Lender    the
Lenders    control  over the subject Securities Account (as defined in the Code), DDA or Investment Property
(as defined in the Code) as provided in the Code  , the PPSA (as applicable)   or other Law
applicable to a Borrower. 

Credit Party  
shall mean Borrower, GAG Inc., Great American  , Canadian Borrower  , and/or any Subsidiary
of any of the foregoing which is or which becomes a party to any Loan Document from time to time. 

Credit Suisse  
shall collectively mean Credit Suisse, Cayman Islands Branch, and CS Loan Funding LLC, and their respective successors and assigns. 

Daily Balance  
shall mean, with respect to each day during the term of this Agreement, the amount of an Obligation owed at the end of such day. 

DDA  
means any checking or other demand deposit account maintained by a Borrower. 

Debtor Relief
Laws   shall mean   the Bankruptcy Code and    (i)
the Bankruptcy Code, (ii) the BIA, (iii) the CCAA, (iv) the  Winding-Up and Restructuring Act  (Canada), (v) the  Canada
Business Corporations Act  (Canada) or the  Business Corporations Act  (British Columbia) where such statute is used by
a Person to propose an arrangement in connection with a compromise of such Person's debt obligations and/or (vi)   all
other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership,
insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States  , Canada  
or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. 

Default  
shall mean an event, condition, or default that, with the giving of notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of
Default. 

Default Rate  
shall have the meaning assigned to it in  Section 2.4(h) . 

Disbursement
Account   shall have the meaning assigned to it in  Section 2.6(g) . 

Disbursement
Account Bank   shall have the meaning assigned to it in  Section 2.6(g).  

Dollars  
and   $   means the lawful currency of the United States. 

Dollar Equivalent  
shall mean, on any particular date, with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, such amount in Dollars, and with respect
to any amount denominated in currency other than Dollars, the amount (as conclusively ascertained by   the
Applicable   Lender absent manifest error) of Dollars which could be purchased by   the Applicable  
Lender (in accordance with its normal banking practices) in the London foreign currency deposit market with such amount of such
currency at the Exchange Rate on such date. 

Effective Advance
Rate   means 100% minus the percentage obtained by dividing the Backend L/C Cash Collateral by the Guaranteed Amount. 

Environmental
Actions   means any complaint, summons, citation, notice, directive, order, claim, litigation, investigation, judicial
or administrative proceeding, judgment, letter, or other communication from any Governmental Authority, or any third party involving
violations of Environmental Laws or releases of Hazardous Materials from (a) any assets, properties, or businesses of a Borrower
or any predecessor in interest, (b) from adjoining properties or businesses, or (c) from or onto any facilities which received
Hazardous Materials generated by a Borrower or any predecessor in interest. 

Environmental
Law   means any applicable Law now or hereafter in effect and in each case as amended, or any judicial or administrative
interpretation thereof, including any judicial or administrative order, consent decree or judgment, to the extent binding on a
Borrower, relating to the environment, employee health and safety, or Hazardous Materials, including  ,
without limitation,   CERCLA; RCRA; the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, 33 USC   1251  et   seq. 
the Toxic Substances Control Act, 15 USC,   2601  et   seq.  the Clean Air Act, 42 USC   7401  et   seq. ;
the Safe Drinking Water Act, 42 USC,   3803  et   seq. ; the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, 33 USC.   2701  et 
 seq. ; the Emergency Planning and the Community Right-to-Know Act of 1986, 42 USC.   11001  et   seq. ; the
Hazardous Material Transportation Act, 49 USC   1801  et   seq. ; and the Occupational Safety and Health Act, 29
USC.  651  et   seq.  (to the extent it regulates occupational exposure to Hazardous Materials); any state  ,
provincial, territorial   and local or foreign counterparts or equivalents, in each case as amended from time to time. 

Environmental
Liabilities and Costs   means all liabilities, monetary obligations, Remedial Actions, losses, damages, punitive damages,
consequential damages, treble damages, costs and expenses (including all reasonable fees, disbursements and expenses of counsel,
experts, or consultants, and costs of investigation and feasibility studies), fines, penalties, sanctions, and interest incurred
as a result of any claim or demand by any Governmental Authority or any third party, and which relate to any Environmental Action. 

Environmental
Lien   means any Lien in favor of any Governmental Authority for Environmental Liabilities and Costs. 

ERISA  
shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (or any successor legislation thereto), as amended from time to
time, and any regulations promulgated thereunder, and any successor statute thereto. 

ERISA Affiliate  
shall mean (a) any Person subject to ERISA whose employees are treated as employed by the same employer as the employees of a Borrower
under IRC Section 414(b), (b) any trade or business subject to ERISA whose employees are treated as employed by the same employer
as the employees of a Borrower under IRC Section 414(c), (c) solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the
IRC, any organization subject to ERISA that is a member of an affiliated service group of which a Borrower is a member under IRC
Section 414(m), or (d) solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the IRC, any Person subject to ERISA that
is a party to an arrangement with a Borrower and whose employees are aggregated with the employees of a Borrower under IRC Section
414(o). 

Equity Pledge
Agreement   shall mean that certain Second Amended and Restated Pledge and Security Agreement, between Great American
and   the U.S.   Lender, dated as of Restatement Date, as hereafter amended, modified, or amended
and restated. 

Event of Default  
shall have the meaning assigned to it in  Section 9.1 . 

Exchange Act  
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as in effect from time to time. 

Exchange Rate  
means, with respect to any currency other than Dollars, at any date of determination thereof, the Spot Rate of exchange for the
conversion of such currency into Dollars and with respect to Dollars, at any date of determination thereof, the Spot Rate of exchange
for the conversion of Dollars into the applicable currency. 

Existing Credit
Agreement   shall have the meaning given such term in the Recitals hereto. 

Expense L/C  
shall mean a letter of credit which a Liquidator is required to have issued for its account pursuant to a Liquidation Sales Agreement
to provide security solely for the payment of Expenses under such Liquidation Sales Agreement. 

Expenses  
shall have, with respect to each Liquidation Sale, the meaning assigned to such term or other similar terms in the relevant Liquidation
Sales Agreement for such Liquidation Sale;  provided , that notwithstanding the terms of any relevant Liquidation Sales Agreement,
no amounts paid or payable to a Borrower, Great American, or any Affiliate thereto, shall constitute Expenses for purposes of this
Agreement other than reasonable out-of-pocket expenses actually incurred by such Borrower or Great American in the course of conducting
such Liquidation Sale without any mark up. 

Factored Receivables  
shall mean any Accounts of any Credit Party which have been factored, sold, transferred, conditionally sold or assigned by an Account
debtor of such Credit Party to   the Applicable   Lender or an Affiliate thereof which is party
to a Bank Product Agreement with such Credit Party pursuant to a factoring arrangement or otherwise. 

Fee Letter  
shall mean that certain Fee Letter dated as of the Restatement Date between Borrowers and   the U.S.
  Lender. 

Fees  
shall mean any and all fees payable to   Lender    the
Lenders   pursuant to this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, including the Closing Fee, the Letter of Credit
Fees, any Work Fees, and the Success Fees, if any. 

Fifth Amendment
Effective Date   shall mean June 10, 2016. 

Final Accounting  
shall mean, with respect to each Liquidation Sale, the final accounting with respect to amounts received by or payable to a Borrower
and amounts paid by a Borrower in connection with such Liquidation Sale and all other related transactions, which accounting shall
be prepared by a Borrower and approved by   Lender    the
Lenders  . 

Fiscal  
means, when followed by  month  or  quarter , the relevant fiscal period based on Great American s
fiscal year and accounting conventions (e.g. a reference to  April Fiscal 2008  is to the fiscal month of April of
Great American s 2008 fiscal year). When followed by reference to a specific year, the fiscal year which encompasses the
majority of months in such fiscal year (e.g. if Great American s 2008 fiscal year ends in January 2008 reference to that
year would be to Great American s  Fiscal 2008 ). 

Foreign Credit
Parties   shall mean: (i) GA Asset Advisors to the extent the UK Credit Agreement is in effect, (ii) any other
borrower party or guarantor to the UK Credit Agreement (if it is then in effect), and (iii) any guarantor of any of the Obligations
formed under the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United States or Canada. 

Foreign Security
Documents   shall mean: (i) a fixed and floating debenture in favor of   Lender    the
Lenders   over all the assets of the Persons set forth in clauses (i) through (iii) of the definition of Foreign Credit
Parties, (ii) the pledge of shares in favor of   Lender    the
Lenders   granted by Great American or GA Asset Advisors, as applicable,   over all its respective shares in the
Persons set forth in clauses (i) through (iii) of the definition of Foreign Credit Parties and (iii) any other security over the
assets of any Foreign Credit Party or any Affiliate thereof as may reasonably be required by   Lender    the
Lenders  , as any of the foregoing may subsequently be amended, restated, modified, supplemented or replaced. 

Fourth Amendment
Effective Date   shall mean February 19, 2015. 

Funding Losses  
shall have the meaning given such term in  Section 2.4(j)  hereof. 

GA Asset Advisors  
means GA Asset Advisors Limited, a limited liability company organized under the laws of England and Wales. 

GA Asset Advisors
Guaranty   means the Guaranty of GA Asset Advisors in favor of   the U.S.   Lender
required to be executed by GA Asset Advisors concurrently with the execution of the UK Credit Agreement and in form and substance
satisfactory to   the U.S.   Lender. 

GAAP  
shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, as in effect from time to time, consistently
applied. At   the   Lender s discretion, GAAP may also include, with respect to any Borrower
(other than Original Borrower) hereunder,  GAAP  in the jurisdiction of formation of such other Borrower. 

GAG Inc.  
shall mean Great American Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

GAG Purchase
Agreement   shall mean that certain Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of May 14, 2009, as amended by Amendment
No. 1, Amendment No. 2, and Amendment No. 3 to the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, each dated as of May 29, 2009, July 8,
2009 and July 28, 2009, respectively, by and among Alternative Asset Management Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation, GAG
Inc., and AAMAC Merger Sub, Inc., a newly-formed Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of GAG Inc., on the one hand,
and Great American, the holders of Capital Stock of Great American as of July 28, 2009, and the phantom equity holders of Great
American, on the other hand. 

General Intangibles  
shall mean all of any Borrower s now owned or hereafter acquired right, title, and interest with respect to  general
intangibles  (as such term is defined from time to time in the Code  ),    )
or  intangibles  (as such term is defined from time to time in the PPSA), as the case may be,   and any and
all supporting obligations in respect thereof. 

Governmental
Authority   shall mean any federal, national, foreign, state,   provincial, territorial,   local,
or other governmental or administrative body, instrumentality, department, or agency or any court, tribunal, administrative hearing
body, arbitration panel, commission, or other similar dispute-resolving panel or body. 

Great American  
shall mean Great American Group, LLC, a California limited liability company. 

Great American
Group   shall mean a collective reference to each Credit Party, and each of their respective Subsidiaries now in existence
or hereafter formed or acquired, including, but not limited to, the entities listed on Schedule 4.8 hereto. 

Great American
Guaranty   shall mean the Third Amended and Restated Guaranty of GAG Inc. and Great American, on a joint and several basis,
in favor of   the U.S.   Lender dated as of the Restatement Date, and in form and substance
satisfactory to   the U.S.   Lender. 

Guaranteed
Amount   shall have, with respect to each Liquidation Sale carried out pursuant to a Liquidation Sales Agreement, the
meaning assigned to such term or other similar terms in such agreement. It is expressly understood that prior to the Final Accounting,
the Guaranteed Amount shall refer to a Borrower s good faith estimate of the Guaranteed Amount to be paid under the Liquidation
Sales Agreement and that such amount shall be adjusted upon completion of the Final Accounting and that if the actual amount required
to be delivered to the Merchant by a Borrower in respect to the Guaranteed Amount is less than the Guaranteed Amount as listed
in the applicable Liquidation Sales Agreement, such lesser amount shall constitute the Guaranteed Amount for all purposes hereunder. 

Guaranty Percentage  
shall have the same meaning as in the applicable Liquidation Sales Agreement. 

Hazardous Material  
shall mean (a) substances that are defined or listed in, or otherwise classified pursuant to, any applicable laws or regulations
as  hazardous substances,   hazardous materials,   hazardous wastes,   toxic substances, 
or any other formulation intended to define, list, or classify substances by reason of deleterious properties such as ignitability,
corrosivity, reactivity, carcinogenicity, reproductive toxicity, or  EP toxicity , (b) oil, petroleum, or petroleum
derived substances, natural gas, natural gas liquids, synthetic gas, drilling fluids, produced waters, and other wastes associated
with the exploration, development, or production of crude oil, natural gas, or geothermal resources, (c) any flammable substances
or explosives or any radioactive materials, and (d) asbestos in any form or electrical equipment that contains any oil or dielectric
fluid containing levels of polychlorinated biphenyls in excess of 50 parts per million. 

Hedge Agreement  
shall mean any and all transactions, agreements, or documents now existing or hereafter entered into between a Credit Party or
its Subsidiaries and Wells Fargo or its Affiliates, which provide for an interest rate, credit, commodity or equity swap, cap,
floor, collar, forward foreign exchange transaction, currency swap, cross currency rate swap, currency option, or any combination
of, or option with respect to, these or similar transactions, for the purpose of hedging a Credit Party s or any of its Subsidiaries 
exposure to fluctuations in interest or exchange rates, loan, credit exchange, security or currency valuations or commodity prices. 

Honor
Date   has the meaning set forth in  Annex B . 

Indebtedness  
shall mean (a) all obligations for borrowed money, (b) all obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, or other similar
instruments and all reimbursement or other obligations in respect of letters of credit, bankers acceptances, interest rate swaps,
or other financial products, (c) all obligations under Capital Leases, (d) all obligations or liabilities of others secured by
a Lien on any asset of a Borrower, irrespective of whether such obligation or liability is assumed, (e) all obligations for the
deferred purchase price of assets (other than trade debt incurred in the ordinary course of business and repayable in accordance
with customary trade practices), and (f) any obligation guaranteeing or intended to guarantee (whether directly or indirectly guaranteed,
endorsed, co-made, discounted, or sold with recourse) any obligation of any other Person. 

Insolvency
Officeholder  means any liquidator, trustee in bankruptcy, receiver, receiver-manager, sequestrator, administrative receiver,
administrator or similar officer.  

Insolvency
Proceeding  means any step is taken under or in relation to, or an arrangement or proceeding is commenced by or against any
Person under any provision of any Debtor Relief Law including, without limitation, in relation to assignments for the benefit of
creditors, formal or informal moratoria, compositions, extensions generally with creditors, or proceedings seeking reorganization,
compromise, arrangement, administration, receivership, administrative receivership, winding up, dissolution, liquidation or other
similar relief or proceeding or arrangement, or an Insolvency Officeholder is appointed or threatened to be appointed in respect
of any Person s assets or any other analogous step or procedure is taken in any jurisdiction.   

Interest Period  
means, with respect to each   LIBO    Non-Prime  
Rate Loan, a period commencing on the date of the making of such   LIBO    Non-Prime  
Rate Loan and ending 1 month thereafter;  provided ,  however , that (a) if any Interest Period would end on a day that
is not a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended (subject to clauses (c)-(e) below) to the next succeeding Business
Day, (b) interest shall accrue at the applicable rate based upon the   LIBO    Non-Prime  
Rate from and including the first day of each Interest Period to, but excluding, the day on which any Interest Period expires,
(c) any Interest Period that would end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day
unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business
Day, (d) with respect to an Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there
is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period), the Interest Period shall end on
the last Business Day of the calendar month that is 1 month after the date on which the Interest Period began, as applicable, and
(e) Borrowers may not elect an Interest Period which will end after the Revolving Credit Termination Date. 

Insolvency
Officeholder  means any liquidator, trustee in bankruptcy, receiver, administrative receiver, administrator or similar officer.  

Insolvency
Proceeding  means any step is taken under or in relation to, or an arrangement or proceeding is commenced by or against
any Person under any provision of any Debtor Relief Law including, without limitation, in relation to assignments for the benefit
of creditors, formal or informal moratoria, compositions, extensions generally with creditors, or proceedings seeking reorganization,
compromise, arrangement, administration, receivership, administrative receivership, winding up, dissolution, liquidation or other
similar relief or proceeding or arrangement, or an Insolvency Officeholder is appointed or threatened to be appointed in respect
of any Person s assets or any other analogous step or procedure is taken in any jurisdiction.   

Inventory Advance  
shall have the meaning assigned to it in  Section 2.1(f)(i).  

Inventory Advance
Rate   shall mean, with respect to each Liquidation Sale in respect of Retail Inventory only, the percentage that   the
Applicable   Lender uses to calculate the amount of the Inventory Advance, or Letter of Credit Obligations, as the case
may be, with respect to such Liquidation Sale, based on the applicable Guaranty Percentage and Guaranteed Amount or Purchase Price
Percentage and Purchase Price, as determined pursuant to  Section 2.1(f) . In no case shall the Inventory Advance Rate for
any such Liquidation Sale be (i) lower than, with respect to Liquidation Sales (or any portion thereof) conducted in the US and
Canada, seventy-seven and one half percent (77.5%) of the Guaranteed Amount or Purchase Price, and with respect to any other jurisdiction,
the rate set by   the Applicable   Lender in its discretion, or (ii) higher than ninety-two
and one-half percent (92.5%) of the Guaranteed Amount or Purchase Price. 

Inventory Borrowing
Base   in respect to any Liquidation Sale shall mean the product of (i) the Inventory Advance Rate applicable to such
Liquidation Sale, times, (ii) the Guaranteed Amount or Purchase Price as determined pursuant to the applicable Liquidation Sales
Agreement  .    , minus (iii) reserves, including, without
limitation, Canadian Priority Payable Reserves.   For purposes of calculating the Inventory Borrowing Base, except as
may otherwise be agreed by   the Applicable   Lender in its sole discretion, any Retail Inventory
that is subject to retention of title claims shall not be included in the  Guaranteed Amount  or  Purchase Price ,
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Liquidation Sales Agreement or other agreement. 

Investment  
shall mean, with respect to any Person, any investment by such Person in any other Person (including Affiliates) in the form of
loans, guarantees, advances, or capital contributions (excluding (a) commission, travel, and similar advances to officers and employees
of such Person made in the ordinary course of business, and (b) bona fide accounts arising in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practices), purchases or other acquisitions for consideration of Indebtedness or stock, and any other items that are
or would be classified as investments on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP. 

Issuer Documents  
means with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Notice of Letter of Credit Request, and any other document, agreement and instrument
entered into by or  between   the Applicable   Lender and a Borrower in favor of  
the Applicable   Lender and relating to any such Letter of Credit. 

Jones L/C  
means that certain Letter of Credit issued under this Agreement on behalf of GA Retail Canada, ULC for the benefit of 2473304 Ontario
Inc. and/or certain of its Affiliates. 

Laws  
shall mean, collectively, all international, foreign, federal, state  , provincial, territorial  
and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities,
including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation
or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits
of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. 

L/C
Borrowing   has the meaning set forth in  Annex B.   

L/C
Undertaking   has the meaning set forth in  Annex B.   

L/C
Usage  means, as of any date of determination, the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit issued
by Lender plus 100% of the amount of outstanding time drafts accepted by an Underlying Issuer as a result of drawings under Underlying
Letters of Credit.  

Lender 
shall mean Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, successor by merger to Wells Fargo Retail Finance, LLC.  

L/C
Usage  means the U.S. L/C Usage and/or the Canadian L/C Usage, as the context so requires.  

Lender 
or  Lenders  means the U.S. Lender and the Canadian Lender.  

Lender Expenses  
means all (a) costs or expenses (including taxes, and insurance premiums) required to be paid by the Credit Parties under any of
the Loan Documents that are paid or incurred by   Lender    the
Lenders  , (b) reasonable fees or charges paid or incurred by   Lender    the
Lenders   in connection with   the Applicable   Lender s transactions with the
Credit Parties, including, reasonable fees or charges for any due diligence with respect to a proposed Liquidation Sale (including
reasonable and documented attorneys  fees), photocopying, notarization, couriers and messengers, telecommunication, public
record searches (including tax lien, litigation, UCC  , PPSA, Bank Act   searches and including
searches with the patent and trademark office, the copyright office, or the department of motor vehicles), filing, recording, publication,
appraisal (including periodic Collateral appraisals or business valuations to the extent of the fees and charges (and up to the
amount of any limitation) contained in this Agreement), real estate surveys, real estate title policies and endorsements, and environmental
audits, (c) reasonable costs and expenses incurred by   Lender    the
Lenders   in the disbursement of funds to or for the account of Borrowers (by wire transfer or otherwise), (d) charges
paid or incurred by   Lender    the Lenders  
resulting from the dishonor of checks, (e) reasonable costs and expenses paid or incurred by   Lender    the
Lenders   to correct any default or enforce any provision of the Loan Documents, or in gaining possession of, maintaining,
handling, preserving, storing, shipping, selling, preparing for sale, or advertising to sell the Collateral, or any portion thereof,
irrespective of whether a sale is consummated, (f) reasonable audit fees and expenses (and other due diligence expenses) of   Lender    the
Lenders   related to audit examinations of the Books, (g) reasonable costs and expenses of third party claims or any other
suit paid or incurred by   Lender    the Lenders  
in enforcing or defending the Loan Documents or in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents or   Lender s    the
Lenders    relationship with any Credit Party, (h)   Lender s    the
Lenders    reasonable fees and expenses (including reasonable and documented attorneys  fees) incurred in
advising, structuring, drafting, reviewing, administering, or amending the Loan Documents, and (i)   Lender s    the
Lenders    reasonable fees and expenses (including reasonable and documented attorneys  fees) incurred in
terminating, enforcing (including reasonable and documented attorneys  fees and expenses incurred in connection with a  workout, 
a  restructuring,  or an Insolvency Proceeding concerning a Borrower or in exercising rights or remedies under the
Loan Documents), or defending the Loan Documents, irrespective of whether suit is brought, or in taking any Remedial Action concerning
the Collateral. 

Lender s
Account   shall mean an account of   the U.S.   Lender at a branch of   the
U.S.   Lender designated by   the U.S.   Lender to Original Borrower in writing from
time to time. 

Lender s
Offer   shall have the meaning given such term in  Section 2.1(f)(ii)  hereof. 

Letters
of Credit  shall mean commercial or standby letters of credit issued for the account of a Borrower by Lender or Underlying
Issuer for which Lender has incurred Letter of Credit Obligations.  

Letter
of Credit  means a U.S. Letter of Credit and/or a Canadian Letter of Credit, as the context requires.  

Letter
of Credit Expiration Date   has the meaning set forth in  Annex B . 

Letter of Credit
Fee   shall have the meaning assigned to it in  Annex B . 

Letter of Credit
Obligations   shall mean all outstanding obligations incurred by   the Applicable   Lender
at the request of a Borrower, including, without limitation, the L/C Usage, whether direct or indirect, contingent or otherwise,
due or not due, in connection with the issuance of a reimbursement agreement or guaranty by   the Applicable
  Lender with respect to any Letter of Credit. 

Letter of Credit
Sublimit   shall mean $100,000,000  minus  the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding loans, advances or other
credit extensions by Burdale pursuant to the UK Credit Agreement (if it is then in effect). 

LIBOR Deadline  
has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.  

LIBO Rate  
means, for each Interest Period for each LIBO Rate Loan, the rate per annum determined by   the Applicable
  Lender (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/16%) by  dividing  (a) the Base LIBO Rate for such Interest
Period,  by  (b) 100%  minus  the Reserve Percentage. The LIBO Rate shall be adjusted on and as of the effective day
of any change in the Reserve Percentage. 

LIBO Rate Loan  
means each portion of Revolving Credit Advance that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the LIBO Rate. 

Lien  
shall mean any interest in an asset securing an obligation owed to, or a claim by, any Person whether such interest shall be based
on the common law, statute, or contract, whether such interest shall be recorded or perfected, and whether such interest shall
be contingent upon the occurrence of some future event or events or the existence of some future circumstance or circumstances,
including the lien   (statutory or other)   or security interest arising from a mortgage, deed
of trust, encumbrance, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, security agreement, conditional sale or trust receipt,
a floating charge, a fixed charge, or from a lease, consignment, or bailment for security purposes or from a sale of accounts receivable
or chattel paper, or the interest of a lessor under a Capital Lease or other arrangement pursuant to which any Person is entitled
to any preference or priority with respect to the property or assets of another Person or the income or profits of such other Person
and also including reservations, exceptions, encroachments, easements, rights-of-way, covenants, conditions, restrictions, leases,
and other title exceptions and encumbrances affecting Real Property each of the foregoing whether consensual or non-consensual
and whether arising by way of agreement, operation of law, legal process or otherwise. 

Liquidation
Borrowing   shall mean the Inventory Advance, Other Assets Advance, Sales Tax Advance, Total Expense Advance, or Letter
of Credit Obligations with respect to a Liquidation Sale, all other Revolving Credit Advances made with respect to such Liquidation
Sale, and all accrued Fees, interest and other Obligations payable by a Borrower with respect thereto. 

Liquidation
Loan Proposal   shall have the meaning assigned to it in  Section 2.1(f)(i) . 

Liquidation
Sale   shall mean any going out of business, liquidation or store closing sale of a particular Merchant conducted by a
Liquidator with respect to (a) the Retail Inventory or (b) any sales or dispositions of Other Assets, in each case pursuant to
a particular Liquidation Sales Agreement. 

Liquidation
Sales Agreements   shall mean the Agency Agreement, Purchase Agreement or any other agreement required to conduct a Liquidation
Sale entered into by any Liquidator with respect to a Liquidation Sale, and any and all other agreements, instruments, documents
and certificates entered into in connection therewith. 

Liquidator  
shall mean a Borrower or a Liquidator JV, as the context requires. 

Liquidator
JV   shall mean any joint venture between a Borrower and one or more other professional Retail Inventory liquidators party
to a Liquidator Joint Venture Agreement. 

Liquidator
Joint Venture Agreement   shall mean a joint venture agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to  
the Applicable   Lender, entered into among a Borrower and one or more other professional liquidators for the sole purpose
of jointly and collectively entering into Liquidation Sales Agreements with any Merchants and conducting Liquidation Sales pursuant
to such Liquidation Sales Agreements. 

Loan Account  
has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.9 . 

Loan Documents  
shall mean this Agreement, the Notes, the Collateral Documents, the Great American Guaranty, the GA Asset Advisors Guaranty, (if
it is then in effect) the Equity Pledge Agreement, the Fee Letter, the Perfection Certificate, the Subordination Agreement, the
Solvency Certificate, the Omnibus Ratification, each Borrower Joinder (if any), and all other agreements, instruments, documents
and certificates identified in the Schedule of Documents executed and delivered to, or in favor of,   the
Applicable   Lender and including all other pledges, powers of attorney, consents, assignments, contracts, notices, and
all other written matter whether heretofore, now or hereafter executed by any Credit Party, or any employee of any Credit Party,
and delivered to   the Applicable   Lender in connection with this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby. Any reference in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to a Loan Document shall include all appendices,
exhibits or schedules thereto, and all amendments, restatements, supplements or other modifications thereto, and shall refer to
such Loan Document as the same may be in effect at any and all times such reference becomes operative. 

Margin  
shall mean, as of any date of determination, the Margin specified in the defined term  Margin Pricing Grid  applicable
to such Revolving Credit Advance or other Obligation. The Margin shall adjust in accordance with the Margin Pricing Grid as provided
therein. 

Margin Pricing
Grid   shall mean, 

(i)           for Inventory
Advances (and Sales Tax and Total Expense Advances made in connection with any Inventory Advance) in connection with Liquidation
Sales to be conducted in the United States and Canada, the applicable percentage amount set forth in the following grid that corresponds
to the applicable Inventory Advance Rate applied to such Inventory Advance: 

(ii)           for all Other
Asset Advances (and Sales Tax and Total Expense Advances made solely in connection with any Other Asset Advance) in connection
with Liquidation Sales to be conducted in the United States and Canada, the Margin shall be no less than 3.25%. 

(iii)           for all Revolving
Credit Advances in connection with any Liquidation Sale (or portion thereof) conducted in any jurisdiction other than the United
States or Canada, the Margin shall be as determined by   the Applicable   Lender in its sole
discretion. 

Material Adverse
Effect   shall mean a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, operations, financial or other condition
of GAG Inc., Great American, Original Borrower, or any other Borrower (so long as such other Borrower is conducting a Liquidation
Sale or owes   Lender    the Lenders   any Obligations
with respect to a Liquidation Sale) or all Credit Parties collectively, (b) any Borrower s ability, or the ability of any
Liquidator JV, as applicable, to conduct any Liquidation Sale in accordance with the applicable Liquidation Sale Agreements, (c) any
Borrower s ability to pay and perform any of the Obligations in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or to perform
its obligations under any Liquidator Joint Venture Agreement, (d) any Credit Party s ability to perform its material obligations
under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (e) the Collateral or   Lender s    the
Lenders    Liens on the Collateral or the priority of such Liens, (f)   Lender s    the
Lenders    ability to enforce the Obligations or realize upon the Collateral, or (g)   Lender s    the
Lenders    rights and remedies under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

Master Collection
Account   shall mean an account at   the Applicable   Lender in the name of  
the Applicable   Lender designated as the  Master Collection Account  into which the proceeds of all other
Collection Accounts shall be deposited pursuant to  Section 2.6 . 

Maximum Lawful
Rate   shall have the meaning assigned to it in  Section 2.4(i) . 

Merchant  
shall mean a Person that, in the ordinary course of its business, sells Retail Inventory and/or owns or sells Other Assets and,
in the case of a Liquidation Sale conducted outside the US or Canada,  Merchant  shall include any Affiliate of a Merchant
or other entity which owns Retail Inventory or Other Assets. 

Net Profit
Margin   shall mean, with respect to each Liquidation Sale, the sum of (i) the sum of (a) the Proceeds of such Liquidation
Sale,  plus  (b) the cash proceeds of any unsold Retail Inventory or Other Assets retained or acquired by a Borrower at the
conclusion of such Liquidation Sale,  minus  (ii) the sum of (a) the Guaranteed Amount or Purchase Price with respect to such
Liquidation Sale,  plus  (b) the Recovery Amount, if any, with respect to such Liquidation Sale,  plus  (c) actual Expenses
incurred by a Borrower with respect to such Liquidation Sale (including any reimbursement obligations, expenses, fees and commissions
payable in connection with an Expense L/C or any Letter of Credit provided in respect to unpaid portions of the Guaranteed Amount
or Purchase Price), (d) (without duplication of any amounts counted in clause  c ) interest or Letter of Credit Fees
paid to   Lender    the Lenders   with respect
to the Liquidation Borrowings for such Liquidation Sale, each as set forth in the Final Accounting, provided, however, that, for
purposes of calculating the Net Profit Margin, Expenses that a Borrower pays to itself or an Affiliate (such as compensation of
supervisory personnel) shall be calculated based on actual amounts paid without a mark-up for profit by itself or such Affiliate. 

Non-Extension
Notice Date   has the meaning set forth in  Annex B . 

Non-Prime
Rate  means (a) with respect to Revolving Credit Advances in Dollars, LIBO Rate, and (b) with respect to Revolving Credit
Advances in CAD, BA Equivalent Rate.  

Non-Prime
Rate Loan  means (a) with respect to Revolving Loans denominated in Dollars, LIBO Rate Loans, and (b) with respect to Revolving
Loans denominated in CAD, BA Rate Loans.  

Notes  
shall have the meaning assigned to it in  Section 2.1(i) . 

Notice of Letter
of Credit Request   shall have the meaning assigned to it in  Section 2.1(e) . 

Notice of Revolving
Credit Advance   shall have the meaning assigned to it in  Section 2.1(e) . 

Obligations  
shall mean (a) all Revolving Credit Advances, debts, principal, interest (including any interest that, but for the provisions of
any Debtor Relief Law, would have accrued), contingent reimbursement obligations with respect to outstanding Letters of Credit,
Bank Product Obligations, premiums, liabilities (including all amounts charged to Borrower s Loan Account pursuant hereto),
obligations, fees (including, without limitation, the Work Fees, the Success Fees, and any Letter of Credit Fees), charges, costs,
and Lender Expenses (including in respect of any fees or expenses that, but for the provisions of the Debtor Relief Law, would
have accrued), lease payments, guaranties, covenants, indemnification obligations arising pursuant to the Loan Documents (including,
without limitation, under  Section 2.11 ) and duties of any kind and description owing by any Credit Party to   the
Applicable   Lender pursuant to or evidenced by the Loan Documents to which such Credit Party is a party and irrespective
of whether for the payment of money, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or
hereafter arising, and including all interest not paid when due and all Lender Expenses that any Credit Party is required to pay
or reimburse by the Loan Documents to which such Credit Party is a party, by Law, or otherwise, and (b) all Bank Product Obligations.
Any reference in this Agreement or in the Loan Documents to the Obligations shall include all amendments, changes, extensions,
modifications, renewals replacements, substitutions, and supplements, thereto and thereof, as applicable, both prior and subsequent
to any Insolvency Proceeding. 

Omnibus Ratification  
shall mean the Omnibus Ratification of Loan Documents executed by Original Borrower in favor of   the
U.S.   Lender dated as of the Restatement Date. 

Organizational
Documents   shall mean (a) for any corporation, the certificate   and/  or articles
of incorporation  , amalgamation or continuance  , the bylaws, the memorandum of association,
any certificate of designation or other instrument relating to the rights of preferred shareholders or stockholders of such corporation,
any shareholder rights agreement and all applicable resolutions of the Board of Directors (or any committee thereof) of such corporation,
(b) for any partnership, the partnership agreement and, if applicable, the certificate of limited partnership,   and
  (c) for any limited liability company, the operating agreement and articles or bylaws or certificate of formation
or organization or incorporation, as applicable  .    ,
and (d) any shareholder s agreement or declaration relating to such Person.    Organizational Documents 
shall also include, in all cases, all shareholder agreements, voting trusts, and similar arrangements applicable to any Person s
Capital Stock. 

Original Borrower  
has the meaning given such term in the Preamble hereto. 

Other Assets  
shall mean any real property, personal property or other property of any Merchant or Affiliate thereof, other than Retail Inventory,
owned, leased, or licensed by such Merchant or such Affiliate in the ordinary course of its business, including, without limitation,
such Merchant s or such Affiliate s interest in real property leases, fixtures and equipment (including, without limitation,
Fixtures and Equipment, as such terms are defined in the Code). 

Other Assets
Advance   shall have the meaning assigned to it in  Section 2.1(f)(i).  

Other Assets
Advance Rate   shall mean, with respect to each Liquidation Sale in respect of Other Assets only, the percentage that
  the Applicable   Lender uses to calculate the amount of the Other Assets Advance or Letter
of Credit Obligations, as the case may be, with respect to such Liquidation Sale, as determined pursuant to  Section 2.1(f) .
In no case shall the Other Assets Advance Rate for any such Liquidation Sale be higher than eighty-five percent (85.0%). 

Other Assets
Borrowing Base   shall mean, in respect to each Liquidation Sale, the product of (i) the Other Assets Advance Rate, times
(ii) the consideration which Borrower has agreed to pay for such Other Assets pursuant to the applicable Liquidation Sales Agreement.
For purposes of calculating the Other Assets Borrowing Base, except as may otherwise be agreed by   the
Applicable   Lender in its sole discretion, any Other Assets that are subject to retention of title claims shall not be
included in the value of the consideration referred to in clause (ii) of the preceding sentence notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in any Liquidation Sales Agreement or other agreement. 

Overbid  
has the meaning given such term in Section 2.1(  f    h  )
hereof. 

Parent Working
Capital Facility   shall mean a committed secured credit facility made available by a bank or other financial institution
to Great American   and/or any Affiliate or Subsidiary thereof (other than a Borrower), as borrower, for general working capital
purposes and/or any other purpose not specifically prohibited by this Agreement. 

Perfection
Certificate   means each perfection certificate submitted by   Borrowers    a
Borrower   to   Lender    the Lenders  
with respect to   Borrowers    such Borrower  ,
together with   Borrowers     such Borrower s  
completed responses to the inquiries set forth therein, the form and substance of such responses to be satisfactory to   Lender    the
Lenders  . 

Permitted Encumbrances  
shall have the meaning assigned to it in  Section 7.8 . 

Permitted Holders  
shall mean Harvey Yellen, Andrew Gumaer and Bryant Riley; provided, however, that, from and after the Fourth Amendment Effective
Date, the term  Permitted Holders  shall no longer include Harvey Yellen. 

Person  
shall mean any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, joint venture, trust, unincorporated organization,   unlimited
liability companies,   association, corporation, institution, public benefit corporation, entity or Governmental Authority. 

PPSA 
shall mean the  Personal Property Security Act  (Ontario), the Civil Code of Quebec as in effect in the Province of Quebec
or any other Canadian federal, territorial or provincial statute pertaining to the granting, perfecting, priority or ranking of
security interests, liens, hypothecs on personal property, and any successor statutes, together with any regulations thereunder,
in each case as in effect from time to time. References to sections of the PPSA shall be construed to also refer to any successor
sections.  

Proceeds  
shall have, with respect to any Liquidation Sale, the meaning assigned to such term or other similar terms in the relevant Liquidation
Sales Agreement with respect to such Liquidation Sale and shall also include all proceeds of Inventory, Other Assets and augmented
goods paid or due to Borrower or Merchant, and in the case of a joint venture, all amounts paid or due to a Borrower as part of
a Liquidator JV. 

Purchase Agreement  
shall mean a Purchase Agreement or other agreement entered into by a Borrower (or Liquidator JV) in form and substance acceptable
to   the Applicable   Lender, pursuant to which a Borrower (or such Liquidator JV) is given
the right to purchase Retail Inventory or Other Assets and to conduct Liquidation Sales with respect to such Retail Inventory or
Other Assets. 

Purchase Price  
shall have, with respect to each Liquidation Sale carried out pursuant to Liquidation Sales Agreements, the meaning assigned to
such term or other similar terms in such agreements. It is expressly understood that prior to the Final Accounting, the Purchase
Price shall refer to a Borrower s good faith estimate of the Purchase Price to be paid under the Liquidation Sales Agreement
and that such amount shall be adjusted upon completion of the Final Accounting and that if the actual amount required to be delivered
by a Borrower in respect to the Purchase Price is less than the Purchase Price listed in the applicable Liquidation Sales Agreement,
such lesser amount shall constitute the Purchase Price for all purposes hereunder. 

Purchase Price
Percentage   shall have the same meaning as in the applicable Liquidation Sales Agreement. 

Record  
shall mean information that is inscribed on a tangible medium or which is stored in an electronic or other medium and is retrievable
in perceivable form. 

Recovery Amount  
shall have, with respect to each Liquidation Sale providing for a contingent additional, non-guaranteed payment to the applicable
Merchant or, in the case of any Liquidation Sales outside the US and Canada, an Affiliate of the Merchant, based upon the total
amount of the Proceeds of such Liquidation Sale, the meaning assigned to such term or other similar terms in the Liquidation Sales
Agreements for such Liquidation Sale. 

Release  
shall mean any release, threatened release, spill, emission, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, escape, injection,
deposit, disposal, discharge, dispersal, dumping, leaching or migration of Hazardous Material in the indoor or outdoor environment,
including the movement of Hazardous Material through or in the air, soil, surface water, ground water or property. 

Relevant
Jurisdiction   means, in relation to a Borrower, GAG Inc. or Great American: 

(a)   its jurisdiction of incorporation;   

(b)   any jurisdiction where any asset subject to or intended to be subject to the Collateral Documents entered into by it is situated;   

(c)   any jurisdiction where it conducts its business; and   

(d)   the jurisdiction whose laws govern the perfection of any Lien granted by the Collateral Documents entered into by it.   

Remedial Action  
means all actions taken to (a) clean up, remove, remediate, contain, treat, monitor, assess, evaluate, or in any way address Hazardous
Materials in the indoor or outdoor environment, (b) prevent or minimize a release or threatened release of Hazardous Materials
so they do not migrate or endanger or threaten to endanger public health or welfare or the indoor or outdoor environment, (c) perform
any pre-remedial studies, investigations, or post-remedial operation and maintenance activities, or (d) conduct any other actions
authorized by 42 USC   9601. 

Reserve Percentage  
means, on any day, for   the Applicable   Lender, the maximum percentage prescribed by the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor Governmental Authority) for determining the reserve requirements
(including any basic, supplemental, marginal, or emergency reserves) that are in effect on such date with respect to eurocurrency
funding (currently referred to as  eurocurrency liabilities ) of   the Applicable   Lender,
but so long as   the Applicable   Lender is not required or directed under applicable regulations
to maintain such reserves, the Reserve Percentage shall be zero. 

Restatement
Date   shall mean the Business Day on which the conditions precedent set forth in  Section 3.1  have been satisfied,
in   the U.S.   Lender s sole discretion, or waived in writing by  
the U.S.   Lender. 

Restricted
Payment   means (i) any cash dividend or other cash distribution or payment, direct or indirect, on or on account of any
Capital Stock of a Borrower now or hereafter outstanding; (ii) any dividend or other distribution in respect of, or redemption,
purchase or other acquisition, direct or indirect, of any Capital Stock of a Borrower now or hereafter outstanding or of any warrants,
options or rights to purchase any such Capital Stock (including, without limitation, the repurchase of any such stock or membership
interest, warrant, option or right or any refund of the purchase price thereof in connection with the exercise by the holder thereof
of any right of rescission or similar remedies with respect thereto); (iii) any direct salary, non-salary managerial fees, fee
(consulting, management or other), fringe benefit, allowance or other expense directly or indirectly paid or payable by a Borrower
(as compensation or otherwise) to any shareholder, member, manager, or Affiliate of a Borrower ( other   than  to an
employee or consultant to a Borrower and to the extent of such employee s or consultant s compensation;  provided 
that the terms of such compensation are approved by a Borrower s Board of Directors or comparable body); and (iv) meeting
fees, travel and expense reimbursement and clothing allowance payable to the managers of a Borrower or any partner, shareholder
or Affiliate thereof. 

Restricted
Subsidiary   means, as to any Borrower, any direct or indirect Subsidiary of such Borrower and, as to Great American and
GAG Inc., any Borrower and any other direct or indirect Subsidiary party to or otherwise receiving any Collections or other Proceeds
of any Liquidation Sale. 

Retail   means
GA Retail, Inc., a California corporation.  

Retail Inventory  
shall mean goods that are held by a Merchant or, in the case of a Liquidation Sale outside the US and Canada, an Affiliate of the
Merchant for sale in the ordinary course of its business and that are suitable for sale at retail. 

Revolving
Credit Advance     shall have    means a U.S.
Revolving Credit Advance and/or Canadian Revolving Credit Advance, as   the   meaning
assigned to it in     Section 2.1(a).    context
so requires.   

Revolving Credit
Termination Date   shall mean the earliest of (i) July 15, 2018, and (ii) the date of termination pursuant
to  Section 9.2  of   Lender s    the Lenders   
agreement to consider, in its sole discretion and with no obligation, to make additional Revolving Credit Advances and/or incur
Letter of Credit Obligations or permit existing Revolving Credit Advances to remain outstanding. 

Revolving Loan  
shall mean, at any time, the sum of (i) the aggregate amount of Revolving Credit Advances outstanding at such time plus (ii) the
aggregate Letter of Credit Obligations incurred on behalf of any Borrower outstanding at such time. 

Revolving Loan
Ceiling   shall mean the amount equal to One Hundred Million Dollars ($100,000,000)  minus  the aggregate principal
amount of all outstanding loans, advances or other credit extensions by Burdale pursuant to the UK Credit Agreement (if it is then
in effect). 

Sales Tax Advance  
shall have the meaning given such term in  Section 2.1(g)  hereof. 

Sales Tax Receipts  
shall mean the portion of Collections received in the Blocked Accounts on account of sales, VAT, excise and gross receipts Taxes
payable to any taxing authorities having jurisdiction. 

Schedule of
Documents   shall mean the schedule, including all appendices, exhibits or schedules thereto, listing certain documents
and information to be delivered in connection with the Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated thereunder, substantially
in the form of  Annex A  to this Agreement. 

SEC  
shall mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor thereto. 

   Security    Agreement    Agreements   
shall mean  , collectively, (a)   the Security Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, between
Original Borrower and   Lender    the Lenders  ,
as ratified and affirmed by the Omnibus Ratification and as it may subsequently be amended, restated, modified, supplemented, or
replaced  , and (b) the Canadian Security Agreement  . 

Sixth
Amendment Effective Date  means October 5, 2016.  

Solvency Certificate  
means a certificate signed by an Authorized Person of Borrowers and Great American, dated as of the Closing Date, demonstrating
the Solvency of Borrowers and Great American. 

Solvent  
shall mean, with respect to any Person on a particular date, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person
is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of such Person; (b) the present fair salable
value of the assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person
on its debts as they become absolute and matured; (c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur
debts or liabilities beyond such Person s ability to pay as such debts and liabilities mature and is able to pay its debts
as they become due; (d) such Person is not engaged in a business or transaction, and is not about to engage in a business or transaction,
for which such Person s property would constitute an unreasonably small capital; (e) no Insolvency Proceeding has occurred;
  and   (f) no unsatisfied writ of execution is outstanding  ;
and (g) such Person is not an  insolvent person  within the meaning given such term under the BIA  . The amount
of contingent liabilities (such as litigation, guarantees and pension plan liabilities) at any time shall be computed as the amount
which, in light of all the facts and circumstances existing at the time, represents the amount which can be reasonably be expected
to become an actual or matured liability. 

Spot Rate  
means, for a currency, the rate quoted by   the Applicable   Lender as the spot rate for the
purchase by   the Applicable   Lender of such currency with another currency through its principal
foreign exchange trading office at approximately 11:00 a.m. on the date two Business Days prior to the date as of which the foreign
exchange computation is made; provided that   the Applicable   Lender may obtain such spot
rate from another financial institution designated by   the Applicable   Lender if  
the Applicable   Lender does not have as of the date of determination a spot buying rate for any such currency. 

Subordination
Agreement   means a subordination agreement between   the U.S.   Lender and Burdale,
in form and substance satisfactory to   the U.S.   Lender, the execution and delivery of which
shall be a condition concurrent to the effectiveness of the UK Credit Agreement. 

Subsidiary  
shall mean, with respect to any Person, (a) any corporation of which an aggregate of more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding
Capital Stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether,
at the time, Capital Stock of any other class or classes of such corporation shall have or might have voting power by reason of
the happening of any contingency) is at the time, directly or indirectly, owned legally or beneficially by such Person and/or one
or more Subsidiaries of such Person, or with respect to which any such Person has the right to vote or designate the vote of fifty
percent (50%) or more of such Capital Stock whether by proxy, agreement, operation of Law or otherwise, and (b) any partnership
or limited liability company in which such Person and/or one or more Subsidiaries of such Person shall have an interest (whether
in the form of voting or participation in profits or capital contribution) of more than fifty percent (50%) or of which any such
Person is a general partner or may exercise the powers of a general partner. 

Success Fee  
shall mean, with respect to each Liquidation Sale, an amount equal to the product of (i) the Net Profit Margin for such Liquidation
Sale,  multiplied by  (ii) the Success Fee Percentage for such Liquidation Sale. 

Success Fee
Percentage   shall mean: (i) with respect to each Liquidation Sale (or portion thereof) of Retail Inventory conducted
in the United States and Canada, the percentage determined by the applicable Inventory Advance Rate for any Liquidation Borrowing
made in connection with such Liquidation Sale in accordance with the column titled  Success Fee Percentage  in the
grid below; (ii) with respect to each Liquidation Sale (or portion thereof) of Other Assets conducted in the United States
and Canada, no less than twenty percent (20%); (iii) with respect to each Liquidation Sale (or portion thereof) in connection
with which a Backend L/C has been issued, the percentage determined by the applicable Effective Advance Rate for any Liquidation
Borrowing made in connection with such Liquidation Sale in accordance with the column titled  Success Fee Percentage 
in the grid below; and (iv) with respect to any other Liquidation Sale in any other jurisdiction, the percentage determined
by   Lender    the Lenders   in   its    their  
discretion. 

Target L/C  
means that certain Letter of Credit issued under this Agreement on behalf of GA Retail Canada, ULC for the benefit of Target Canada
Co. and/or certain of its Affiliates. 

Taxes  
shall mean taxes, duties, fees, premiums, assessments, levies, tariffs and any other charges whatsoever imposed, assessed, reassessed
or collected by any Governmental Authority, including all fines, penalties, interest, additions to tax, installments on account
of taxes, or other additional amounts imposed, assessed or collected by any Governmental Authority in respect thereof, excluding
taxes imposed on or measured by the net income of   the Applicable   Lender by the jurisdictions
under the laws of which   the Applicable   Lender is organized or any political subdivision
thereof. 

Tax Credit  
means a credit against, relief or remission for, or repayment of, any Tax. 

Tax Payment  
means either the increase in a payment made by a Borrower to   the Applicable   Lender under
Section 2.13(a) or a payment under  Section 2.13(d) . 

Tax Returns  
shall mean all returns, elections, filings, forms, and any other documents (whether in electronic, tangible, or any other form
whatsoever) made, prepared or filed, or to be made, prepared or filed in respect of Taxes under applicable law. 

Termination
Date   shall mean the date on which all Revolving Loans have been indefeasibly repaid in full and all other Obligations
under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents have been completely discharged, and all Letter of Credit Obligations have been
cash collateralized, cancelled or backed by stand-by letters of credit in accordance with  Annex B , and Borrower shall not
have any further right to request to borrow any monies under this Agreement. 

Third
Amendment Effective Date   shall mean February 5, 2015. 

Total Expense
Advance   shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.1(  h    j  ). 

UK Credit Agreement  
means a credit agreement or similar agreement between GA Asset Advisors and Burdale in form and substance satisfactory to   the
U.S.   Lender. 

Underlying
Issuer   shall mean a Person (other than   a   Lender or a Borrower) which is the
beneficiary of an L/C Undertaking and which has issued a letter of credit at the request of   the Applicable
  Lender for the benefit of a Borrower. 

Underlying
Letter of Credit   means a letter of credit that has been issued by an Underlying Issuer. 

Unreimbursed
Amount   has the meaning set forth in  Annex B . 

Unfunded Pension
Liability   shall mean, at any time, the aggregate amount, if any, of the sum of (a) the amount by which the present value
of all accrued benefits under each Title IV Plan exceeds the fair market value of all assets of such Title IV Plan allocable to
such benefits in accordance with Title IV of ERISA, all determined as of the most recent valuation date for each such Title IV
Plan using the actuarial assumptions for funding purposes in effect under such Title IV Plan, and (b) for a period of five (5)
years following a transaction which might reasonably be expected to be covered by Section 4069 of ERISA, the liabilities (whether
or not accrued) that could be avoided by any ERISA Affiliate of a Borrower as a result of such transaction. 

United States  
or   US   shall mean the United States of America. 

U.S.
Base Rate  shall mean, for any day, a rate per annum (rounded upward, if necessary, to the next 1/100 of 1%) equal to the
greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the LIBO Rate for a one month Interest Period as in effect on such day
plus 1.00% and   (c) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day plus 0.50%. The  Prime Rate  is a
rate set by the Applicable Lender based upon various factors including the Applicable Lender s costs and desired return,
general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at,
above, or below such announced rate. Any change in such rate announced by the Applicable Lender shall take effect at the opening
of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change.  Federal Funds Effective Rate  for any
day, is the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged
by federal funds brokers, as published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such
rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for the day for such transactions received
by the Applicable Lender from three federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it. If the Applicable Lender shall
have determined (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that it is unable to ascertain the Federal Funds
Effective Rate for any reason, including the inability or failure of the Applicable Lender to obtain sufficient quotations in accordance
with the terms of the definition thereof, the U.S. Base Rate shall be determined without regard to clause (c) of the first sentence
of this paragraph until the circumstances giving rise to such inability no longer exist. Any change in the U.S. Base Rate due to
a change in the Prime Rate, the LIBO Rate or the Federal Funds Effective Rate shall be effective on the effective date of such
change in the Prime Rate, LIBO Rate or the Federal Funds Effective Rate, respectively.  

U.S.
Borrower  shall mean a Borrower other than the Canadian Borrower.  

U.S.
Lender  means WF.  

U.S.
Letters of Credit  shall mean commercial or standby letters of credit issued for the account of a U.S. Borrower in Dollars
by the Applicable Lender or Underlying Issuer for which the U.S. Lender has incurred Letter of Credit Obligations.  

U.S.
L/C Usage  means, as of any date of determination, the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit issued
by the Applicable Lender plus 100% of the amount of outstanding time drafts accepted by an Underlying Issuer as a result of drawings
under Underlying Letters of Credit.  

   U.S.
Revolving Credit Advance  shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.1(a).  

WF 
means Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, successor by merger to Wells Fargo Retail Finance, LLC.  

WFCFCC 
means Wells Fargo Capital Finance Corporation Canada.  

Work Fee  
shall mean a fee in the amount of $25,000 payable to   the Applicable   Lender pursuant to,
and upon occurrence of the events described in,  Section 2.5(d) . 

Certain Matters of Construction . 

All accounting terms not specifically defined
herein shall be construed in accordance with GAAP. When used herein, the term  financial statements  shall include
the notes and schedules thereto. 

All other undefined terms contained in
any of the Loan Documents shall, unless the context indicates otherwise, have the meanings provided for by the Code   or
the PPSA, as the context so required,   to the extent the same are used or defined therein. Unless otherwise specified,
reference in this Agreement or any of the Appendices to a Section, subsection or clause refer to such Section, subsection or clause
as contained in this Agreement. The words  herein,   hereof  and  hereunder  and other words
of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole, including all Annexes, Exhibits and Schedules, as the same may from time
to time be amended, restated, modified or supplemented, and not to any particular section, subsection or clause contained in this
Agreement or any such Annex, Exhibit or Schedule. All of the Annexes, Schedules and Exhibits attached to this Agreement shall be
deemed incorporated herein by reference.   Notwithstanding the foregoing, and unless the context so
requires, (i) any term defined in this Agreement by reference to the  Code  or the  Uniform Commercial Code 
shall, to the extent defined therein, also have any extended, alternative or analogous meaning given to such term in the PPSA,
other applicable Canadian personal property security and other laws (including the  Personal Property Security Act  of each
applicable province of Canada, the  Bills of Exchange Act  (Canada) and the  Depository Bills and Notes Act  (Canada))
in all cases for the extension, preservation or betterment of the security and rights of the Collateral, (ii) all references in
this Agreement to  Article 8  shall be deemed to refer also to applicable Canadian securities transfer laws (including
the  Securities Transfer Act  of each applicable province of Canada), (iii) all references in this Agreement to applicable
U.S. security transfer laws (including the Exchange Act) shall refer also to applicable Canadian securities transfer laws (including,
the Securities Transfer Act of each applicable province of Canada (the  STA )), and (iv) all references in this Agreement
to a financing statement, continuation statement, amendment or termination statement shall be deemed to refer also to the analogous
documents used under applicable United States personal property security laws.   

Wherever from the context it appears appropriate,
each term stated in either the singular or plural shall include the singular and the plural, and pronouns stated in the masculine,
feminine or neuter gender shall include the masculine, feminine and neuter genders. The words  including ,  includes 
and  include  shall be deemed to be followed by the words  without limitation . References to Persons shall
include their respective successors and assigns (to the extent and only to the extent permitted by the Loan Documents) or, in the
case of governmental Persons, Persons succeeding to the relevant functions of such Persons; and all references to statutes and
related regulations shall include any amendments of the same and any successor statutes and regulations. Whenever any provision
in any Loan Document refers to the knowledge (or an analogous phrase) of a Borrower, such words are intended to signify that the
officers of such Borrower have actual knowledge or awareness of a particular fact or circumstance or that such officers of such
Borrower, if they had exercised reasonable diligence, would have known or been aware of such fact or circumstance. Any reference
in this Agreement or in the other Loan Documents to any agreement, instrument, or document shall include all alterations, amendments,
changes, extensions, modifications, renewals, replacements, substitutions, joinders, and supplements, thereto and thereof, as applicable
(subject to any restrictions on such alterations, amendments, changes, extensions, modifications, renewals, replacements, substitutions,
joinders, and supplements set forth herein). Any requirement of a writing contained herein or in the other Loan Documents shall
be satisfied by the transmission of a Record and any Record transmitted shall constitute a representation and warranty as to the
accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. 

Quebec Interpretation.
For purposes of any Collateral located in the Province of Quebec or charged by any deed of hypothec (or any other Loan Document)
and for all other purposes pursuant to which the interpretation or construction of a Loan Document may be subject to the laws of
the Province of Quebec or a court or tribunal exercising jurisdiction in the Province of Qu bec, (q)  personal property 
shall be deemed to include  movable property , (r)  real property  shall be deemed to include  immovable
property , (s)  tangible property  shall be deemed to include  corporeal property , (t)  intangible
property  shall be deemed to include  incorporeal property , (u)  security interest  and  mortgage 
shall be deemed to include a  hypothec , (v) all references to filing, registering or recording under the Code or the
PPSA shall be deemed to include publication under the Civil Code of Qu bec, (w) all references to  perfection 
of or  perfected  Liens shall be deemed to include a reference to the  opposability  of such Liens to third
parties, (x) any  right of offset ,  right of setoff  or similar expression shall be deemed to include
a  right of compensation , (y)  goods  shall be deemed to include  corporeal movable property 
other than chattel paper, documents of title, instruments, money and securities, and (z) an  agent  shall be deemed
to include a  mandatary .  

AMOUNT AND TERMS OF CREDIT 

Advances and Letters of Credit . 

Subject to the terms and conditions hereof,
  U.S.   Lender may, in its sole discretion and with no obligation to do so, from time to time,
at   U.S.   Lender s option, until the Revolving Credit Termination Date, (i) make
available   to the U.S. Borrowers   advances in Dollars (each, a    U.S.
   Revolving Credit Advance  ) to or for the benefit of a   U.S.   Borrower
as provided for in this  Section 2.1 , and (ii) incur Letter of Credit Obligations in Dollars (except as otherwise agreed
by   the U.S.   Lender or Issuing Bank) in respect of a   U.S.   Borrower,
or, at the request of a   U.S.   Borrower, in respect of any other Credit Party or Subsidiary
of a Credit Party, as provided for in Annex B and this  Section 2.1 .       

Subject to the terms and
conditions hereof, Canadian Lender may, in its sole discretion and with no obligation to do so, from time to time, at Canadian
Lender s option, until the Revolving Credit Termination Date, (i) make available to the Canadian Borrower advances in
Dollars or CAD (each, a  Canadian Revolving Credit Advance ) to or for the benefit of the Canadian Borrower as provided
for in this Section 2.1, and (ii) (B) incur Letter of Credit Obligations in Dollars or CAD (except as otherwise agreed by
Canadian Lender or Canadian Issuing Bank) in respect of the Canadian Borrower, or, at the request of the Canadian Borrower, in
respect of any other Credit Party or Subsidiary of a Credit Party, as provided for in Annex B and this Section 2.1.   

The Applicable
  Lender will disburse Revolving Credit Advances to each Borrower by depositing the amount of each such Revolving Credit
Advance to the applicable Borrower s Disbursement Account pursuant to  Section 2.10  hereof. The aggregate amount outstanding
of Revolving Credit Advances and Letter of Credit Obligations shall not exceed at any one time the Revolving Loan Ceiling. 

Revolving Credit Advances and Letters of
Credit (other than Backend L/Cs) issued with respect to any Liquidation Sale of Inventory shall not exceed the applicable Inventory
Borrowing Base. Revolving Credit Advances and Letters of Credit (other than Backend L/Cs) issued with respect to any Liquidation
Sales of Other Assets shall not exceed the applicable Other Assets Borrowing Base. 

Until the Revolving Credit Termination
Date, a Borrower may from time to time request to borrow, repay and request to reborrow under this  Section 2.1 . 

All amounts borrowed pursuant to this Section,
together with all other Obligations, shall be due and payable (or in the case of any Letters of Credit, shall terminate) on the
earlier of the maturity date therefor pursuant to Section 2.3 or the Revolving Credit Termination Date;  provided, however, that 
  the Applicable   Lender or any of its Affiliates may determine, in their sole and absolute
discretion and with no obligation so to do, to extend the termination or maturity date for any Bank Product Obligations beyond
the Revolving Credit Termination Date subject to Borrowers  (or their Affiliate s, as the case may be) satisfaction
of any conditions therefor required by   the Applicable   Lender or its Affiliate. 

A Borrower s request for Revolving
Credit Advances or Letters of Credit shall be made by irrevocable written notice by an Authorized Person of such Borrower to the
representative of   the Applicable   Lender identified on  Schedule 2.1  at the address
specified thereon. Those notices without limiting the applicable Borrower s agreement to deliver a Liquidation Loan Proposal
pursuant to  Section 2.1(f) , must be actually received by   the Applicable   Lender no
later than (1) 1:00 p.m. (Boston, Massachusetts time) three (3) Business Days prior to the proposed date of any Inventory Advance
or Other Asset Advances; (2) 1:00 p.m. (Boston, Massachusetts time) on the Business Day on which a proposed Sales Tax or Total
Expense Advance is requested; and (3) with respect to Letter of Credit Obligations, 1:00 p.m. (Boston, Massachusetts time) on the
date which is at least two (2) Business Days prior to the proposed issuance date and subject to the terms and conditions governing
Letters of Credit forth in   Annex B   attached hereto. Each such notice (a   Notice of Revolving Credit Advance  
or   Notice of Letter of Credit Request ,  as the case may be) must be given in writing (by telecopy or overnight
courier). Any Notice of Revolving Credit Advance or Notice of Letter of Credit Request must be substantially in the form of  Exhibit
2.1-1  or  Exhibit 2.1-2 , as applicable, and shall include the information required in such Exhibit and such other information
as may be required by   the Applicable   Lender. Any Notice of Letter of Credit Request must
include the information described in Annex B and such other information as may be required by   the
Applicable   Lender. In addition, a Notice of Letter of Credit Request shall be accompanied by the form of the Letter
of Credit (which shall be acceptable to   the Applicable   Lender) to be guaranteed. Notwithstanding
anything contained herein to the contrary, Letter of Credit applications by a Borrower and approvals by   the
Applicable   Lender may be made and transmitted pursuant to electronic codes and security measures mutually agreed upon
and established by and between Borrowers and   the Applicable   Lender. 

Inventory Advances, Other Assets Advances,
and Letters of Credit.  

Subject to  Section 6.15 , if a Borrower
proposes to enter into Liquidation Sales Agreements with respect to any proposed Liquidation Sale, such Borrower may propose (or
shall propose if required to do so under  Section 6.15 ) that   the Applicable   Lender
agree to make a Revolving Credit Advance to such Borrower or incur Letter of Credit Obligations for such Borrower s account
with respect to the Retail Inventory (Revolving Credit Advances made with respect to Retail Inventory (in whole or in part) are
referred to as   Inventory Advances  ) or Other Assets (Revolving Credit Advances made solely with respect to
Other Assets are referred to herein as   Other Assets Advances  ) that are proposed to be sold through such Liquidation
Sale. Each such proposal (a   Liquidation Loan Proposal  ) shall (A) be signed by an Authorized Person, (B) be
substantially in the form of  Exhibit 2.1(a)(i)  attached hereto and accompanied by all of the documents and information described
on  Schedule 2.1(a)(i),  together with copies of any court orders for any Merchant party to an Insolvency Proceeding, (C)
involve a proposed Inventory Advance, Other Asset Advance, or Letter of Credit in a minimum amount reasonably determined by such
Borrower and agreed to by   the Applicable   Lender in its sole discretion ,  and (D)
be sent so that it is actually received by   the Applicable   Lender no later than 1:00 p.m.
(Boston, Massachusetts time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Inventory Advance, Other Assets
Advance, or incurrence of the Letter of Credit Obligations. 

Within: (i) three (3) Business Days after
  the Applicable   Lender s receipt of a Liquidation Loan Proposal in the US and Canada
only and (ii) within five (5) Business Days after   the Applicable   Lender s receipt
of a Liquidation Loan Proposal in any other jurisdiction,   the Applicable   Lender will notify
such Borrower in writing (such notice, a   Lender s Offer  ), which notice may be substantially in the form
of  Exhibit 2.1(a)(ii)  or such other form as   the Applicable   Lender may elect, whether
  the Applicable   Lender: 

(A)  would be willing to make Revolving Credit Advance or incur Letter of Credit Obligations on the
terms proposed by such Borrower in which case such Borrower shall be obligated to timely submit a Notice of Revolving Credit Advance
or a Notice of Letter of Credit Request pursuant to  Section 2.1(e) ,   

(B)  is not willing to make any Revolving Credit Advance or incur any Letter of Credit Obligations with
respect to such Liquidation Sale, or   

(C)  would be willing to make a Revolving Credit Advance or incur Letter of Credit Obligations with
respect to the proposed Liquidation Sale, but only at a specified Inventory Advance Rate or Other Assets Advance Rate that is different
from that proposed by Borrower and/or with such other modifications specified in such notice.   

the Applicable
  Lender shall have sole discretion to decide whether or not to agree to any Liquidation Loan Proposal or to propose an
alternative Inventory Advance Rate or Other Assets Advance Rate for the proposed Liquidation Sale.   The
Applicable   Lender shall not have any obligation to make a Revolving Credit Advance or incur Letter of Credit Obligations
unless   the Applicable   Lender actually receives, within two (2) Business Days after a Borrower s
receipt of a notice from   the Applicable   Lender described in clauses (A) or (C) of the immediately
preceding sentence, written notice from such Borrower of such Borrower s intention to request disbursement of such Revolving
Credit Advance or incurrence of such Letter of Credit Obligations on the terms set forth in such notice from   the
Applicable   Lender;  provided, however , that if   the Applicable   Lender has
agreed to make a Revolving Credit Advance or incur Letter of Credit Obligations on the terms proposed by a Borrower in the applicable
Liquidation Loan Proposal, such Borrower shall apply for such Revolving Credit Advance or Letter of Credit on such terms (unless
subsequently otherwise agreed by   the Applicable   Lender in writing). In the event that,
as a result of competitive bidding or otherwise, a Borrower elects to increase the Guaranteed Amount or Purchase Price (an   Overbid  )
it is willing to pay under a Liquidation Sales Agreement for which it has provided to   the Applicable
  Lender a Liquidation Loan Proposal under  Section 2.1(f)(i)  prior to or after   the
Applicable   Lender s sending a notice under  Section 2.1(f)(ii) , such Borrower shall promptly provide  
the Applicable   Lender with written notice of such increase, together with a modified Liquidation Loan Proposal, and
  the Applicable   Lender shall have the option, in its absolute discretion, to determine whether
to fund any portion of such increase, to reduce the Inventory Advance Rate or Other Assets Advance Rate in respect to such higher
Guaranteed Amount or Purchase Price, or to make a Revolving Credit Advance or issue a Letter of Credit only in accordance with
the original terms proposed by   the Applicable   Lender prior to such increase.   
The Applicable   Lender shall not be required, without its consent, to increase the aggregate amount of any Revolving
Credit Advances or Letters of Credit agreed to by   the Applicable   Lender in Lender s
Offer as a consequence of any Overbid. 

The amount of the Revolving Credit Advance
and/or the Letter of Credit Obligations (other than with respect to any Backend L/C) with respect to each Liquidation Sale shall:
(x) be calculated based upon the applicable Inventory Advance Rate or Other Assets Advance Rate and the actual Guaranteed Amount
or Purchase Price as determined pursuant to the applicable Liquidation Sales Agreement (or, if the actual amount required to be
delivered to the Merchant by a Borrower with respect to the Guaranteed Amount or Purchase Price is less than such Guaranteed Amount
or Purchase Price, such lesser amount) and (y) in the aggregate, not exceed at any time the applicable Inventory Borrowing Base
or Other Assets Borrowing Base, as the case may be. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Revolving Credit
Advance and the applicable Letter of Credit Obligations may be incurred simultaneously with such advance, shall be disbursed as
a single advance;  provided , however, that in the event the Liquidation Sales Agreements require an initial payment by a
Borrower to the Merchant before the completion of a final inventory count, the Revolving Credit Advance may be disbursed in two
or separate advances with the first portion of the Revolving Credit Advance being calculated based upon the applicable Inventory
Advance Rate or Other Assets Advance Rate and the amount of such required initial payment and the second portion, if any, of the
Revolving Credit Advance being determined and made based on the actual Guaranteed Amount or Purchase Price as determined by the
final inventory count and, if necessary, the amount of such subsequent Revolving Credit Advance being increased in correspondence
with reductions to the related Letter of Credit Obligations. 

Sales Tax Advances . To the extent
that   the Applicable   Lender has received Collections with respect to a Liquidation Sale,
which Collections include Sales Tax Receipts,   the Applicable   Lender shall make, subject
to the terms and conditions hereof (including, without limitation, Section 3.3) Revolving Credit Advances equal to the amount of
such Sales Tax Receipts (each, a   Sales Tax Advance  ), as and when a Borrower is required to pay such amounts
to the applicable Merchant or taxing authority, to enable a Borrower to forward such amounts to such Merchant or taxing authority
in accordance with the terms of the applicable Liquidation Sales Agreement. A Borrower s Notice of Revolving Credit Advance
shall include documentation satisfactory to   the Applicable   Lender evidencing the amount
of such Sales Tax Receipts. 

Total Expense Advances . With respect
to each Liquidation Sale,   the Applicable   Lender shall, subject to the terms and conditions
hereof (including, without limitation, Section 3.3), make Revolving Credit Advances to enable a Borrower to pay Expenses to the
Merchant or any third party entitled to receive such payment in accordance with the terms of the applicable Liquidation Sales Agreement,
as and when a Borrower is required to pay such amounts. With respect to each Liquidation Sale,   the
Applicable   Lender shall make such Revolving Credit Advances in an aggregate amount not to exceed the lesser of (i) the
actual Expenses of such Liquidation Sale, and (ii) an amount equal to one hundred and three percent (103%) of the amount for aggregate
Expenses shown on the Budget for such Liquidation Sale (the   Total Expense Advance  ) for an average two (2)
week period;  provided , that the Total Expense Advance may exceed one hundred and three percent (103%) of the amount for
aggregate Expenses shown on the Budget for such Liquidation Sale for an average two (2) week period to the extent that a Borrower
either provides   the Applicable   Lender with evidence reasonably satisfactory to  
the Applicable   Lender that such excess was not caused by a deviation from the plan for such Liquidation Sale as set
forth in the documents and information furnished to   the Applicable   Lender with the Liquidation
Loan Proposal for such Liquidation Sale, or to the extent that such excess is caused by a deviation for which   the
Applicable   Lender has given its prior written consent. A Borrower s Notice of Revolving Credit Advance shall include
documentation satisfactory to   the Applicable   Lender evidencing the amount of Expenses.
If specified in the Liquidation Loan Proposal for such Liquidation Sale,   the Applicable   Lender
will incur Letter of Credit Obligations with respect to a portion of the anticipated Expenses of such Liquidation Sale; provided,
that in such case   the Applicable   Lender will not be obligated to make Revolving Credit
Advances with respect to Expenses of such Liquidation Sale unless   the Applicable   Lender
is satisfied that the aggregate amount of such Revolving Credit Advances and the amount of such Letter of Credit Obligations that
  the Applicable   Lender reasonably anticipates may ultimately be drawn upon does not exceed
the Total Expense Advance. 

Notes . Borrowers shall execute and
deliver to   the Applicable   Lender one or more notes in the aggregate principal amount of
the Revolving Loan Ceiling substantially in the form of  Exhibit 2.1(i)  (collectively, the   Notes  ).
Each Note shall represent the joint and several obligation of Borrowers to pay the amount of the applicable outstanding Revolving
Credit Advance or Letter of Credit Obligation, as well as all other Revolving Credit Advances and Letter of Credit Obligations,
together with interest thereon as prescribed in  Section 2.4 . Notwithstanding any provision of any of the Notes, the entire
unpaid balance of the Revolving Loan and all of the Notes, and all other non-contingent Obligations, shall be immediately due and
payable in full in immediately available funds on the Revolving Credit Termination Date. 

Reliance on Notices .   The
Applicable   Lender shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall be fully protected in relying upon, any Notice of Revolving
Credit Advance, Notice of Letter of Credit Request, Liquidation Loan Proposal or similar notice believed by   the
Applicable   Lender to be signed by any Authorized Person of a Borrower.    The Applicable  
Lender may assume that each Person executing and delivering such a notice was duly authorized. 

Use of Proceeds . Borrowers shall
use the proceeds of each Liquidation Borrowing solely for the purpose of making payments with respect to the Guaranteed Amount
or Purchase Price, Expenses, Sales Tax Receipts, or the Recovery Amount, if any, with respect to the associated Liquidation Sale,
as and when Borrowers are required to pay such amounts in accordance with the terms of the applicable Liquidation Sales Agreements. 

Maturity of Advances . With respect
to Revolving Credit Advances or Letters of Credit made or issued in any given Liquidation Sale, each such Revolving Credit Advance
shall be due and payable in full, and each Letter of Credit shall have an expiry date no later than, the earlier of (i) 180 days
after the date of the first Revolving Credit Advance made or Letter of Credit issued with respect to such Liquidation Sale, or
(ii) twenty one (21) days after the last day of the sale term as stated in the applicable Liquidation Sale Agreement. 

Interest and Letter of Credit
Fees . 

U.S.   Borrowers
may only request Revolving   Credit   Advances with an interest rate determined by reference
to the LIBO Rate plus the applicable Margin.   Canadian Borrower may only request Revolving Credit Advances
with an interest rate determined by reference to the LIBO Rate (for Dollars) or the BA Equivalent Rate (for CAD), plus the applicable
Margin.    

Accrued and unpaid interest on Revolving
Credit Advances shall be payable (i) on the first day of each calendar month after the Closing Date; (ii) upon the occurrence of
an Event of Default in consequence of which   the Applicable   Lender elects to accelerate
the maturity of all or any portion of the Obligations, and (iii) upon termination of this Agreement pursuant to the terms hereof.
At any time that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing,   the Applicable   Lender
shall have the option to convert the interest rate on all outstanding   (A)   LIBO Rate Loans
to a rate equal to the Base Rate  plus  the applicable Margin  .    
(in the case of Dollars) and (B) BA Rate Loans to a rate equal to the Canadian Base Rate plus the applicable Margin (in the case
of CAD).   In the event that   the Applicable   Lender exercises such right of conversion,
Borrowers shall jointly and severally indemnify, defend, and hold   the Applicable   Lender
and its Indemnified Persons harmless against any and all Funding Losses resulting from such conversion in accordance with  Section
2.4(j) . 

Borrowers shall pay interest to  
the Applicable   Lender on the Daily Balance of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Revolving Credit Advances
at a per annum rate equal to the sum of (i) the Base Rate or LIBO Rate, as applicable to such Revolving Credit Advances  ,
    plus   (ii) the applicable Margin.    
(in the case of Dollars), or (ii) the BA Equivalent Rate or Canadian Base Rate, as applicable to such Revolving Credit Advances
(in the case of CAD), in each case plus (iii) the applicable Margin.   All other Obligations shall bear interest at a
per annum rate equal to the Base Rate   (in the case of Dollars) or Canadian Base Rate (in the case
of CAD)    plus  the Margin then applicable to Other Asset Advances. 

As to each outstanding Letter of Credit,
Borrowers shall pay   the Applicable   Lender a Letter of Credit Fee (in addition to the charges,
commissions, fees, and costs set forth in  Annex B  attached hereto) which shall accrue at the applicable rate set forth
in  Annex B  attached hereto multiplied by the maximum amount available to be drawn under the applicable Letter of Credit. 

Letter of Credit Fees and all other Fees
(except the Closing Fee which shall be payable in accordance with the Fee Letter) payable hereunder shall be due and payable, in
arrears, on the first day of each month at any time that Obligations are outstanding. Each Borrower hereby authorizes  
the Applicable   Lender, from time to time, without prior notice to any Borrower, to charge interest and fees, all Lender
Expenses (as and when incurred), Fees, and all other payments as and when due and payable under any Loan Document (including any
amounts due and payable to   the Applicable   Lender or its Affiliates in respect of Bank Products)
to Borrowers  Loan Account, which amounts thereafter shall constitute Revolving Credit Advances hereunder and shall accrue
interest at the   applicable   Base Rate plus the Margin applicable for Revolving Credit Advances
with an Inventory Advance Rate of 92.5% hereunder. Any interest not paid when due shall be compounded by being charged to Borrowers 
Loan Account and shall thereafter constitute Revolving Credit Advances hereunder and shall accrue interest at the   applicable
  Base Rate plus the Margin applicable for Inventory Advances with an Inventory Advance Rate of 92.5% hereunder.   Each
  Lender shall provide Borrowers with copies of invoices it receives in respect to Lender Expenses upon request. 

If any payment on any Revolving Credit
Advances becomes due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, subject with respect to   LIBO    Non-Prime  
Rate Loans to clauses (c)-(e) of the definition of Interest Period, the maturity thereof will be extended to the next succeeding
Business Day and, with respect to payments of principal, interest thereon shall be payable at   the
  then applicable rate during such extension. 

All computations of interest shall be made
by   the Applicable   Lender on the basis of a three hundred and sixty (360) day year, in each
case for the actual number of days occurring in the period for which such interest is payable. Each determination by  
the Applicable   Lender of an interest rate hereunder shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. In the event the Base
Rate is changed from time to time hereafter, the rates of interest hereunder based upon the Base Rate automatically and immediately
shall be increased or decreased by an amount equal to such change in the Base Rate. 

So long as any Event of Default shall have
occurred and be continuing, and at the election of   the Applicable   Lender after written
notice from   the Applicable   Lender to Borrowers, the interest rates and the Letter of Credit
Fees applicable to each of the Revolving Credit Advances, Letters of Credit, and other Obligations shall be increased by two percent
(2%) per annum above the rates of interest or the Letter of Credit Fees otherwise applicable hereunder (  Default Rate  ),
and all outstanding Obligations shall bear interest at the Default Rate applicable to such Obligations. Interest and Letter of
Credit Fees at the Default Rate shall accrue from the initial date of such Event of Default until that Event of Default is cured
or waived and shall be payable upon demand. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
set forth in this  Section 2.4 , if a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final order that the rate of interest
payable hereunder exceeds the highest rate of interest permissible under Law (  usury or otherwise)
(  the   Maximum Lawful Rate  ), then so long as the Maximum Lawful Rate would be so exceeded, the rate
of interest payable hereunder shall be equal to the Maximum Lawful Rate;  provided , that if at any time thereafter the rate
of interest payable hereunder is less than the Maximum Lawful Rate, Borrowers shall continue to pay interest hereunder at the Maximum
Lawful Rate until such time as the total interest received by   the Applicable   Lender is
equal to the total interest which would have been received had the interest rate payable hereunder been (but for the operation
of this paragraph) the interest rate payable since the Closing Date as otherwise provided in this Agreement. Thereafter, interest
hereunder shall be paid at the rate(s) of interest and in the manner provided in  Sections 2.4(a)  through  (e)  above,
unless and until the rate of interest again exceeds the Maximum Lawful Rate, and at that time this paragraph shall again apply.
In no event shall the total interest received by   the Applicable   Lender pursuant to the
terms hereof exceed the amount which   the Applicable   Lender could lawfully have received
had the interest due hereunder been calculated for the full term hereof at the Maximum Lawful Rate. If the Maximum Lawful Rate
is calculated pursuant to this paragraph, such interest shall be calculated at a daily rate equal to the Maximum Lawful Rate divided
by the number of days in the year in which such calculation is made. If, notwithstanding the provisions of this  Section 2.4(i), 
a court of competent jurisdiction shall finally determine that   the Applicable   Lender has
received interest hereunder in excess of the Maximum Lawful Rate,   the Applicable   Lender
shall, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, promptly apply such excess in the order specified in  Section 2.8  and thereafter
shall refund any excess to Borrowers or as a court of competent jurisdiction may otherwise order. 

In connection with each   LIBO    Non-Prime  
Rate Loan, Borrowers shall jointly and severally indemnify, defend, and hold   Lender    the
Lenders   harmless against any loss, cost, or expense incurred by   Lender    the
Lenders   as a result of (a) the payment of any principal of any   LIBO    Non-Prime  
Rate Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default), (b)
the conversion of any   LIBO    Non-Prime   Rate
Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, or (c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay
any   LIBO    Non-Prime   Rate Loan on the date
specified in any Notice of Revolving Credit Advance delivered pursuant hereto (such losses, costs, and expenses, collectively,
  Funding Losses  ). Funding Losses shall, with respect to   the Applicable   Lender,
be deemed to equal the amount reasonably determined by   the Applicable   Lender to be the
excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest that would have accrued on the principal amount of such   LIBO    Non-Prime  
Rate Loan had such event not occurred, at the   LIBO    Non-Prime  
Rate that would have been applicable thereto, for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest
Period therefor (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest
Period therefor),  minus  (ii) the amount of interest that would accrue on such principal amount for such period at the interest
rate which   the Applicable   Lender would be offered were it to be offered, at the commencement
of such period, Dollar deposits of a comparable amount and period in the London interbank market. A certificate of   the
Applicable   Lender delivered to Borrower setting forth any amount or amounts that    the Applicable  
Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

A Borrower may prepay   LIBO    Non-Prime  
Rate Loans at any time;  provided ,  however , that in the event that   LIBO    Non-Prime  
Rate Loans are prepaid on any date that is not the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, including as a result of
any automatic prepayment through the required application by   the Applicable   Lender of Proceeds
in accordance with  Section 2.8  or for any other reason, including early termination of the term of this Agreement or acceleration
of all or any portion of the Obligations pursuant to the terms hereof, Borrowers shall jointly and severally indemnify, defend,
and hold   the Applicable   Lender and its Indemnified Persons harmless against any and all
Funding Losses in accordance with  Section 2.4(j) . 

The following provisions shall apply to
each   LIBOR    Non-Prime Rate   Loan: 

The   LIBO    Non-Prime  
Rate may be adjusted by   the Applicable   Lender on a prospective basis to take into account
any additional or increased costs to   the Applicable   Lender of maintaining or obtaining
any eurodollar deposits or increased costs due to changes in applicable Law occurring subsequent to the commencement of   the
  then applicable Interest Period, including changes in tax laws (except changes of general applicability in corporate
income tax laws) and changes in the reserve requirements imposed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any
successor), excluding the Reserve Percentage, which additional or increased costs would increase the cost of funding loans bearing
interest at the   LIBO    Non-Prime   Rate. In
any such event,   the Applicable   Lender shall give Borrowers notice of such a determination
and adjustment and, upon its receipt of such notice from   the Applicable   Lender, Borrowers
may, by notice to   the Applicable   Lender (y) require   the Applicable
  Lender to furnish to Borrowers a statement setting forth the basis for adjusting such   LIBO    Non-Prime  
Rate and the method for determining the amount of such adjustment, or (z) repay the   LIBO    Non-Prime  
Rate Loans with respect to which such adjustment is made (together with any amounts due under  Section 2.4(j)  above). 

In the event that any change in market
conditions or any Law, regulation, treaty, or directive, or any change therein or in the interpretation of application thereof,
shall at any time after the date hereof, in the reasonable opinion of   the Applicable   Lender,
make it unlawful or impractical for   the Applicable   Lender to fund or maintain   LIBO    Non-Prime  
Rate Loans or to continue such funding or maintaining, or to determine or charge interest rates at the   LIBO    Non-Prime  
Rate,   the Applicable   Lender shall give notice of such changed circumstances to Borrowers
and in the case of any   LIBO    Non-Prime   Rate
Loans that are outstanding, the date specified in   the Applicable   Lender s notice
shall be deemed to be the last day of the Interest Period of such   LIBO    Non-Prime  
Rate Loans, and interest upon the   LIBO    Non-Prime  
Rate Loans shall accrue interest at a rate equal to the   applicable   Base Rate plus the applicable
Margin. 

Anything to the contrary contained herein
notwithstanding,   the Applicable   Lender is not required actually to acquire eurodollar deposits
to fund or otherwise match fund any Obligation as to which interest accrues at the   LIBO    Non-Prime  
Rate. The provisions of this clause shall apply as if   the Applicable   Lender had match funded
any Obligation as to which interest is accruing at the   LIBO    Non-Prime  
Rate by acquiring eurodollar deposits for each Interest Period in the amount of the   LIBO    Non-Prime  
Rate Loans. 

Interest Act   
(Canada). For the purposes of the Interest Act (Canada), the yearly rate of interest to which any rate calculated on the basis
of a period of time different from the actual number of days in the year (360 days, for example) is equivalent is the stated rate
multiplied by the actual number of days in the year (365 or 366, as applicable) and divided by the number of days in the shorter
period (360 days, in the example).  

Fees . Borrowers shall pay to   Lender    the
Lenders   all Lender Expenses, including, but not limited to, the following fees and charges, which fees and charges shall
be non-refundable when paid (irrespective of whether this Agreement is terminated thereafter): 

Closing Fee .   The
applicable   Borrowers shall pay   the U.S.   Lender the Closing Fee in accordance
with the Fee Letter. 

Success Fee . Upon completion of
the Final Accounting with respect to any Liquidation Sale, Borrowers shall pay to   Lender    the
Lenders   the Success Fee, if any, with respect to such Liquidation Sale. To the extent that  
the Applicable   Lender has received and is still holding payments with respect to such Liquidation Sale after all other
Obligations with respect to such Liquidation Sale have been paid in full,   the Applicable   Lender
may apply the amount of payments against any Success Fee with respect to such Liquidation Sale. 

Audit, Appraisal, and Valuation Charges .
For the separate account of   Lender    the Lenders  ,
Borrowers shall pay all audit, appraisal, and valuation fees  plus  out-of-pocket expenses, for each audit, appraisal, and
valuation of the Collateral performed by or at the request of   the Applicable   Lender, or
the actual charges paid or incurred by   the Applicable   Lender if it elects to employ the
services of one or more third Persons to perform financial audits of any Borrower, to appraise the Collateral, or any portion thereof,
or to assess any Borrower s business valuation. 

Work Fee .           In the event that a
Borrower has submitted a Liquidation Loan Proposal to   the Applicable   Lender pursuant to
 Section 2.1(f)  and   the Applicable   Lender has committed pursuant to  Section 2.1(f)(ii) 
to make a Revolving Credit Advance or incur Letter of Credit Obligations on the terms set forth in such Liquidation Loan Proposal
(or on other terms proposed by   the Applicable   Lender and accepted by such Borrower) and
such Borrower (or any Liquidator JV, as applicable) thereafter enters into a Liquidation Sales Agreement but such Borrower, Great
American or GAG Inc. elects to fund its (or any of its Affiliates ) obligations (or its pro rata share of the obligations
of any Liquidator JV, as applicable) under such Liquidation Sales Agreement without such Revolving Credit Advance or Letter of
Credit, then, without waiving any Default or Event of Default which may result (including, without limitation, as a result of any
breach of  Section 6.15 ) from such Borrower s election or any of   the Applicable   Lender s
rights or remedies against such Borrower under the Loan Documents or applicable Law (all of which   the
Applicable   Lender hereby expressly reserves), Borrower shall pay the Work Fee to   the Applicable  
Lender, which Work Fee shall be deemed fully earned and payable upon the occurrence of such events. A Work Fee constitutes partial
consideration for   the Applicable   Lender s work in reviewing the terms of such Liquidation
Loan Proposals and shall not relieve a Borrower of any other obligations hereunder to reimburse   the
Applicable   Lender for any other Lender Expenses or Fees howsoever arising. The Work Fee shall be paid no later than
the first day of the next calendar month pursuant to  Section 2.4(e) , after Borrower (or any Liquidator JV) enters into such
Liquidation Sales Agreement and shall be subject to the other terms and conditions of  Section 2.4(e) . 

Cash Management Systems . 

Borrowers shall (i) establish and maintain
cash management services of a type and on terms satisfactory to   Lender    the
Lenders   at one or more of the banks set forth on  Schedule 2.6  (each a   Cash Management Bank  ),
and shall request in writing and otherwise take such reasonable steps to ensure that all amounts owed to any Borrower by any Person
is directly deposited to one of the cash management accounts at such Cash Management Banks, and (ii) deposit or cause to be deposited
promptly, and in any event no later than the first Business Day after the date of receipt thereof, all Collections into one of
the DDAs set forth on  Schedule 2.6  (a   Cash Management Account  ) at one of the Cash Management Banks
or the applicable Collection Account. If, notwithstanding the provisions of this  Section 2.6 , any Borrower receives or otherwise
has dominion over or control of any Collections, such Borrower shall hold such Collections in trust for   Lender    the
Lenders   and shall not commingle such Collections with any Person s other funds or deposit such Collections in
any account of any other Person except as instructed by   Lender    the
Lenders  . 

Borrowers shall establish and maintain
Control Agreements with   Lender    the Lenders  
and each Cash Management Bank set forth on  Schedule 2.6  in respect to any Cash Management Account, any Collection Account
and any Disbursement Account and, upon the request of   Lender    the
Lenders   at any time, at any other DDA. Each such Control Agreement shall provide, among other things, that (i) upon
notice from   Lender    the Lenders  , the Cash
Management Bank will comply with instructions of   Lender    the
Lenders   directing the disposition of funds in the applicable Cash Management Account without further consent by any
Borrower, (ii) the Cash Management Bank has no rights of setoff or recoupment or any other claim against the applicable Cash Management
Account or Collection Account, other than for payment of its service fees and other charges directly related to the administration
of such Cash Management Account or Collection Account and for returned checks or other items of payment, and (iii) except as otherwise
permitted under Section 2.6(e) or as otherwise agreed by   the Applicable   Lender in its sole
discretion, the Cash Management Bank immediately will forward by daily sweep all amounts in the applicable Cash Management Account
or Collection Account to the applicable Collection Account or Lender s Account identified by   the
Applicable   Lender and (iv) no Borrower shall have (A) access to such Cash Management Account(s) or Collection Account
or the contents thereof and (B) the right to direct the distribution of any funds from such Cash Management Account(s) or
Collection Account. For any Liquidation Sale, or portion thereof, conducted outside of the United States  ,    
or Canada, the Applicable   Lender and Borrowers shall establish a Collection Account to receive the proceeds of such
Liquidation Sale outside the United States   or Canada   and all funds on deposit in such Collection
Account shall be swept to the Master Collection Account at such intervals as agreed by   the Applicable
  Lender and Borrowers at the commencement of the Liquidation Sale. 

Reserved. 

Promptly at the request of   Lender    the
Lenders  , each Borrower shall deliver to   Lender    the
Lenders   notification, executed by such Borrower, to each depository institution at which such Borrower maintains any
DDA (other than DDA s established for petty cash), in form and substance satisfactory to   Lender    the
Lenders   in   its    their   sole discretion,
of   Lender s    the Lenders    Liens
in such DDA and, shall instruct such depository institution, upon direction of   Lender    the
Lenders  , to remit all amounts deposited from time to time in the DDA to Lender s Account or as otherwise directed
from time to time by   Lender    the Lenders  .
Except as otherwise may be provided with respect to Blocked Accounts pursuant to  Section 2.6(e) , no Borrower shall establish
any DDA hereafter unless, contemporaneous with such establishment, such Borrower notifies   Lender    the
Lenders   and, if requested by   Lender    the
Lenders  , delivers to such depository institution the notification described herein and together with a Control Agreement.
No Borrower shall change such direction or designation without the prior written consent of   Lender    the
Lenders  . If no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing,   Lender    the
Lenders   shall not direct any such depository institution referred to in this  Section 2.6(d)  to remit amounts
to   Lender    the Lenders   without taking into
consideration other expenditures to be made from such accounts provided that the provisions of this sentence shall not apply to
Cash Management Accounts, Blocked Accounts, or the Collection Account(s). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Borrowers shall not be
required to provide a cash management agreement or other control agreement with respect to any DDA in which a balance of $2,500
(or the equivalent in any other currency) or less is maintained at all times (provided that the aggregate amount of such balances
in all accounts does not exceed $20,000 and the full balance in such account is swept into a Collection Account at least twice
per week). 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, for each Liquidation Sale, prior to   the Applicable   Lender making the Revolving
Credit Advance or incurring the Letter of Credit Obligations with respect to such Liquidation Sale, unless such requirement is
waived in writing by   the Applicable   Lender, Borrowers shall establish a blocked account
in Borrowers  name (the   Blocked Account  ) at a bank acceptable to   Lender    the
Lenders  , for the deposit of all Collections and other amounts that Borrowers are entitled to receive and use with respect
to such Liquidation Sale, and Borrowers shall deposit or cause to be deposited into the Blocked Account such amounts at least two
times per week, or more frequently as Borrowers may determine is appropriate. In the event that Borrowers have not established
a Blocked Account prior to the date on which   the Applicable   Lender is otherwise willing
to make a Revolving Credit Advance or incur the Letter of Credit Obligations with respect to any Liquidation Sale, Borrowers shall
cause, in a manner satisfactory to   the Applicable   Lender in its sole discretion, all Collections
and other amounts which Borrowers are entitled to receive and use with respect to such Liquidation Sale to be deposited into the
Collection Account at least two times per week, or more frequently as Borrowers may determine is appropriate. 

Prior to   the
Applicable   Lender making the Revolving Credit Advance or incurring the Letter of Credit Obligations with respect to
each Liquidation Sale, the bank at which the Blocked Account for such Liquidation Sale has been established (if   the
Applicable   Lender has not waived such requirement as provided in  Section 2.6(e) ) shall have entered into a Control
Agreement with   the Applicable   Lender and Borrowers, in form and substance acceptable to  
the Applicable   Lender, which shall immediately become operative at the bank at which the Blocked Account is maintained.
Such Control Agreement shall provide, among other things, that such bank executing such agreement has no rights of setoff or recoupment
or any other claim against such Blocked Account, other than for payment of its service fees and other charges directly related
to the administration of such account, and the bank at which the Blocked Account is located agrees to forward immediately all amounts
in the Blocked Account to the applicable Collection Account and to commence the process of daily sweeps from the Blocked Account
into the applicable Collection Account. Although, as a result of the collection of payments in any Collection Account, a credit
balance may exist in favor of Borrowers, under no circumstance shall such credit balance accrue interest in favor of Borrowers. 

For each Liquidation Sale, Borrowers shall
establish, in their name, a separate account (each a   Disbursement Account  ) at a bank acceptable to   the
Applicable   Lender in the United States   or Canada   (the   Disbursement
Account Bank  ) into which   the Applicable   Lender shall deposit proceeds of the
Revolving Credit Advances with respect to such Liquidation Sale, except for those proceeds as to which   the
Applicable   Lender and Borrowers have agreed upon an alternative method of funding, for use by Borrowers solely in accordance
with the provisions of  Section 2.2 . Prior to   the Applicable   Lender s making
such Revolving Credit Advance, the bank at which the Disbursement Account for such Liquidation Sale has been established shall
have entered into a Control Agreement with   the Applicable   Lender and Borrowers, in form
and substance acceptable to   the Applicable   Lender, which shall immediately become operative
at the bank at which the Disbursement Account is maintained. Such Control Agreement shall provide, among other things, that such
bank executing such agreement has no rights of setoff or recoupment or any other claim against such Disbursement Account, other
than for payment of its service fees and other charges directly related to the administration of such account. 

The Cash Management Accounts, Collection
Accounts, Blocked Account and the Disbursement Account for each Liquidation Sale shall be cash collateral accounts, with all cash,
checks and other similar items of payment in such accounts securing payment and performance of the Liquidation Borrowings and all
other Obligations, and in which Borrowers shall be deemed to have granted a Lien to   the Applicable
  Lender pursuant to the Collateral Documents. Unless   Lender    the
Lenders   otherwise   agrees    agree  ,
Borrowers shall maintain the Blocked Account and the Disbursement Account with respect to each Liquidation Sale so long as there
is any reasonable expectation that any additional Collections will be received or Revolving Credit Advances made with respect to
such Liquidation Sale. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is the
intent of the parties that at all times   the Applicable   Lender shall benefit from a first
priority Lien on all funds in any Cash Management Account, Collection Account, Blocked Account, and Disbursement Account wherever
located. If the Law of any jurisdiction where any account is domiciled (or the bank at which such account is maintained) requires
additional documents, agreements, and other measures in order to provide such first priority and perfection, Borrowers shall cooperate
with   the Applicable   Lender in executing such documents and agreements and taking such other
measures, all to   the Applicable   Lender s satisfaction. 

Payments . 

Receipt of Payments   ;
Dollars Only.     . All payments with respect to any Obligations of any Credit Party organized
under the laws of the United States shall be made in Dollars and all payments with respect to any Obligations of the Canadian Borrower
shall be made in the currency of the underlying Canadian Obligation (eg. Dollars or CAD). Any payment made contrary to the requirements
of the preceding sentence shall be subject to the terms of this Section 2.7 and Section 2.19.    Except as otherwise
expressly provided herein, all payments by Borrowers shall be made to Lender s Account in Dollars   or
CAD, as applicable,   and shall be made in immediately available funds, no later than 1:00 p.m. (Boston, Massachusetts
time) on the date specified herein. Any payment received by   the Applicable   Lender later
than 1:00 p.m. (Boston, Massachusetts time), shall be deemed to have been received on the following Business Day and any applicable
interest or fee shall continue to accrue until such following Business Day. Any payment received by   the
Applicable   Lender on account of Borrowers in a currency other than Dollars   or CAD, as applicable,
  shall not be deemed to be a payment until   the Applicable   Lender has converted
such currency into Dollars  .     or CAD, as applicable.  
Borrowers shall remain liable for the full amount of any such payment due to   the Applicable   Lender
if, after conversion from such other currency into Dollars   or CAD, as applicable  , a deficiency
remains. Borrowers shall also be liable for any costs, fees, expenses, Taxes, or other liabilities incurred by   the
Applicable   Lender as a result of receiving payment in such other currency or converting such currency into Dollars  .    
or CAD, as applicable.   Notwithstanding the foregoing,   the Applicable   Lender
is not obligated to accept any payment for any Obligations in any currency other than Dollars  .    
or CAD, as applicable.   In the event on occasion   the Applicable   Lender agrees
to accept payment for any Obligations in a currency other than Dollars  ,    
or CAD, as applicable, the Applicable   Lender s acceptance on such occasion shall not require or oblige  
the Applicable   Lender to accept payment in other currencies thereafter. 

Crediting Payments; Float Charge .
The receipt of any payment item by   the Applicable   Lender (whether from transfers to  
the Applicable   Lender by the Cash Management Banks pursuant to the Control Agreements or otherwise) shall not be considered
a payment on account unless such payment item is a wire transfer of immediately available federal funds made to Lender s
Account or unless and until such payment item is honored when presented for payment. Should any payment item not be honored when
presented for payment, then Borrowers shall be deemed not to have made such payment and interest shall be calculated accordingly.
Anything to the contrary contained herein notwithstanding, any payment item shall be deemed received by   the
Applicable   Lender only if it is received into Lender s Account on a Business Day on or before 1:00 p.m. (Boston,
Massachusetts time). If any payment item is received into Lender s Account on a non-Business Day or after 1:00 p.m. (Boston,
Massachusetts time) on a Business Day, it shall be deemed to have been received by   the Applicable
  Lender as of the opening of business on the immediately following Business Day. From and after the Closing Date,   the
Applicable   Lender shall be entitled to charge Borrowers, for the account of   the Applicable
  Lender one (1) Business Day of  clearance  or  float  at the rate applicable to the  
applicable   Base Rate plus the applicable Margin applicable for Inventory Advances with an Inventory Advance Rate of
92.5% hereunder on all Collections that are received by Borrower (regardless of whether forwarded by the Cash Management Banks
to   the Applicable   Lender). This across-the-board one (1) Business Day clearance or float
charge on all Collections is acknowledged by the parties to constitute an integral aspect of the pricing of the financing of Borrowers;
the effect of such clearance or float charge being the equivalent of charging one (1) Business Day of interest on such Collections. 

Application and Allocation
of Payments . 

Prior to the date on which the Final Accounting
for any Liquidation Sale is approved by   the Applicable   Lender, any and all payments at
any time or times received from or on behalf of any Borrower (or from or on behalf of any Liquidator JV) with respect to such Liquidation
Sale (including any Liquidation Sales where a Borrower or a Liquidator JV, as applicable, provided an Overbid, whether or not   the
Applicable   Lender financed any portion of such Overbid) shall be applied, subject to the Final Accounting, in the following
order: 

(i)           first, to repay
the outstanding principal of Revolving Credit Advances (including Total Expense Advances) made by   the
Applicable   Lender to fund Expenses of the applicable Liquidation Sale; 

(ii)          second, to
pay then due and payable interest with respect to the applicable Revolving Credit Advances made in connection with such Liquidation
Sale; 

(iii)         third, to
pay then due and payable Letter of Credit Fees with respect to the applicable Letters of Credit issued in connection with such
Liquidation Sale; 

(iv)         fourth, to
pay all other   then    than   due and payable
Fees (other than the Success Fee) and other Obligations incurred by Borrower in connection with such Liquidation Sale, other than
interest or principal with respect to Revolving Credit Advances and Letter of Credit Fees to the extent set forth in clauses (i),
(ii) and (iii) of this  Section 2.8(a) ; 

(v)          fifth, to repay
the outstanding principal of all Revolving Credit Advances (other than those referred to in clause (i) of this  Section 2.8(a) )
made with respect to such Liquidation Sale; 

(vi)         sixth, to be
held by   the Applicable   Lender as cash collateral for Letter of Credit Obligations in the
manner described in  Annex B  until all of such Letter of Credit Obligations with respect to the applicable Liquidation Sale
have been fully cash collateralized to the extent required in  Annex B ; 

(vii)       seventh, to
fund a reserve held by   the Applicable   Lender for all Expenses shown on the Budget that
have not been paid or yet incurred with respect to the applicable Liquidation Sale, to the extent such Expenses have not been otherwise
reserved for under a Letter of Credit; 

(viii)      eighth, to
fund a reserve held by   the Applicable   Lender for the Recovery Amount with respect to the
applicable Liquidation Sale; 

(ix)         ninth, to Borrowers,
to reimburse Borrowers for duly documented Expenses paid by Borrowers with respect to the applicable Liquidation Sale that were
not funded with Revolving Credit Advances; 

(x)          tenth, to deposits
to the Disbursement Account, for the benefit of Borrowers, for payment of up to the Borrower Equity Amount; 

(xi)         eleventh, to
any other unpaid amounts due to   the Applicable   Lender in respect to other outstanding Obligations
incurred in connection with other Liquidation Sales that have been completed; 

(xii)        twelfth, to  
the Applicable   Lender as preliminary payments for the Success Fee for such Liquidation Sale based on the Net Profit
Margin with respect to such Liquidation Sale; 

(xiii)       thirteenth,
to the extent the UK Credit Agreement is in effect, to Burdale for any unpaid amounts due to Burdale pursuant to the UK Credit
Agreement in connection with completed Liquidation Sales (but only if at the completion of a permitted transaction under the UK
Credit Agreement there is a shortfall in the repayment of any amounts due in connection therewith pursuant to the UK Credit Agreement,
which shortfall has not been repaid within two (2) business days of Borrower s receipt of written notice from   the
Applicable   Lender in which such shortfall is identified); 

(xiv)       fourteenth,
ninety percent (90%) of the remaining amount, if any deposited into the Disbursement Account for the benefit of Borrowers; and 

(xv)        fifteenth,
the remaining ten percent (10%) to be held by   the Applicable   Lender pending completion
of the Final Accounting. 

Upon the Final Accounting,
any remaining amounts received by   the Applicable   Lender with respect to such Liquidation
Sale after application in accordance with the order set forth above, shall be applied in the following order: (i) to payment of
any unpaid portion of the Success Fee, if any, with respect to such Liquidation Sale; and  then  (ii) to deposits to the Disbursement
Account, for the benefit of Borrowers. 

If upon the Final Accounting it is determined
that any payments previously applied in accordance with  Section 2.8(a)  need to be adjusted to reflect the actual amounts
of all of the items set forth in  Section 2.8(a) , and that the amount received by either party is greater than the amount
than such party is ultimately determined to be entitled to receive, then such party shall pay the amount of such excess to the
other party. 

the Applicable
  Lender is authorized to, and at its sole election may, charge to any applicable Loan Account of Borrowers and cause
to be paid by Revolving Credit Advances hereunder all Fees, interest and other amounts owing by any Borrower under this Agreement
or any of the other Loan Documents with respect to a Liquidation Borrowing, if and to the extent Borrower fails to promptly pay
any such amounts as and when due, even if such charges would cause the aggregate outstanding Obligations to exceed the Revolving
Loan Ceiling. To the extent permitted by applicable Law, any charges so made shall constitute part of the Obligations hereunder. 

To the extent that   the
Applicable   Lender applies any cash payment to a reserve or cash collateral account maintained by   the
Applicable   Lender pursuant to  Section 2.8(a),    the Applicable   Lender shall
credit interest to any such account in an amount equal to the actual interest that   the Applicable  
Lender earns on overnight deposits. 

Loan Account and Accounting .   
Each   Lender shall maintain an account on its books in the name of Borrowers (the   Loan Account  )
on which Borrowers will be charged with all Revolving Credit Advances made by   the Applicable   Lender,
to Borrowers or for a Borrower s account, the Letters of Credit issued for a Borrower s account, and with all other
payment Obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (except for Bank Product Obligations), including, accrued interest,
fees and expenses, and Lender Expenses. All amounts received in Lender s Account from any Cash Management Bank shall be applied
in accordance with  Section 2.8  and the Loan Account shall be credited accordingly.   Each   Lender
shall render statements regarding the Loan Account to Borrowers, including principal, interest, fees, and including an itemization
of all charges and expenses constituting Lender Expenses, and such statements shall be conclusively presumed to be correct and
accurate and constitute an account stated between Borrowers and   the Applicable   Lender unless,
within 30 days after receipt thereof by Borrowers, Borrowers shall deliver to   the Applicable  
Lender written objection thereto describing the error or errors contained in any such statements. Only those items expressly objected
to in such notice shall be deemed to be disputed by Borrowers. 

Disbursements   Disbursement Account .
  The Applicable   Lender is authorized to make the Revolving Credit Advances and is authorized
to issue the Letters of Credit (or to cause Underlying Issuer to issue the Letters of Credit), under this Agreement based upon
telephonic or other instructions received from anyone purporting to be an Authorized Person. Borrowers agree to establish and maintain
the Disbursement Account with the Disbursement Account Bank for the purpose of receiving the proceeds of the Revolving Credit Advances
requested by Borrowers and made by   the Applicable   Lender hereunder. So long as no Default
or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Borrowers may add or replace the Disbursement Account Bank or the Disbursement
Account on 30 days prior written notice to   the Applicable   Lender;  provided ,  however ,
that (i) such prospective Disbursement Account Bank shall be satisfactory to   the Applicable   Lender
and   the Applicable   Lender shall have consented in writing in advance to the opening of
such Disbursement Account with the prospective Designated Account Bank, and (ii) prior to the time of the opening of such Disbursement
Account, Borrowers,   the Applicable   Lender and such prospective Disbursement Account Bank
shall have executed and delivered to   the Applicable   Lender a Control Agreement with respect
to the Disbursement Account. Unless otherwise agreed by   the Applicable   Lender and Borrowers,
any Revolving Credit Advance requested by Borrowers and made by   the Applicable   Lender,
in its sole discretion, shall be made to the Disbursement Account. The funding of a Revolving Credit Advance by   the
Applicable   Lender into the applicable Disbursement Account shall constitute the making of such Revolving Credit Advance
hereunder.   The Applicable   Lender shall not be obligated to cause the proceeds of any Revolving
Credit Advance to be transferred to any other bank or other account, particularly any such account located outside the United States  
or Canada  , and shall not be required to convert, or cause the conversion of, the proceeds of any Revolving Credit Advance
into any non-United States currency. 

Indemnity . 

Each Credit Party, jointly and severally,
shall pay, indemnify, defend, and hold   Lender    the
Lenders  , and each of   Lender s    the
Lenders    officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys, and attorneys-in-fact (each, an   Indemnified
Person  ) harmless (to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law) from and against any and all claims, demands, suits,
actions, investigations, proceedings, and damages, and all reasonable and documented attorneys  fees and disbursements and
other reasonable and documented costs and expenses actually incurred in connection therewith (as and when they are incurred and
irrespective of whether suit is brought), at any time asserted against, imposed upon, or incurred by any of them (a) in connection
with or as a result of or related to the execution, delivery, enforcement, performance, or administration of this Agreement, any
of the other Loan Documents, or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, and (b) with respect to any investigation, litigation,
or proceeding related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or the use of the proceeds of the credit provided hereunder (irrespective
of whether any Indemnified Person is a party thereto), or any act, omission, event, or circumstance in any manner related thereto
(all the foregoing, collectively, the   Indemnified Liabilities  ). The foregoing to the contrary notwithstanding,
no Credit Party shall have any obligation to any Indemnified Person under this  Section 2.11(a)  with respect to any Indemnified
Liability that a court of competent jurisdiction finally determines to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct
of such Indemnified Person. This provision shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the repayment of the Obligations.
If any Indemnified Person makes any payment to any other Indemnified Person with respect to an Indemnified Liability as to which
a Credit Party was required to indemnify the Indemnified Person receiving such payment, the Indemnified Person making such payment
is entitled to be indemnified and reimbursed by the Credit Parties with respect thereto. The Credit Parties shall be subrogated
to an Indemnified Person s rights of recovery to the extent of any liabilities satisfied by the any Credit Party and such
Indemnified Person shall execute and deliver such instruments and papers as are necessary to assign such rights and assist in the
execution thereof; provided, however, that, and, notwithstanding the foregoing to the contrary, such subrogation rights of the
Credit Parties may not be exercised until payment in full of all Obligations due hereunder and the termination of this Agreement
and shall be subordinate to the Obligations due   Lender    to
the Lenders   in all respects.  WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE FOREGOING INDEMNITY SHALL APPLY TO EACH INDEMNIFIED PERSON WITH
RESPECT TO INDEMNIFIED LIABILITIES WHICH IN WHOLE OR IN PART ARE CAUSED BY OR ARISE OUT OF ANY NEGLIGENT ACT (NOT CONSTITUTING
GROSS NEGLIGENCE) OR OMISSION OF SUCH INDEMNIFIED PERSON OR OF ANY OTHER PERSON.  

Each Credit Party shall each be liable,
jointly and severally, to pay, indemnify, defend, and hold harmless (to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law) from and
against any and all Indemnified Liabilities which may be instituted or asserted against or incurred by any such Indemnified Person
as a result of the engagement of such Credit Party, or any of their respective employees in, or any of such Person s causing
any Credit Party to engage in, any fraud, acts in bad faith or intentional breach of the terms of this Agreement, any Liquidation
Sales Agreement, or the conduct of any Liquidation Sale. The foregoing to the contrary notwithstanding, no Credit Party shall have
any obligation to any Indemnified Person under this  Section 2.11(b)  with respect to any Indemnified Liability that a court
of competent jurisdiction finally determines to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnified
Person. This provision shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the repayment of the Obligations.  WITHOUT LIMITATION,
THE FOREGOING INDEMNITY SHALL APPLY TO EACH INDEMNIFIED PERSON WITH RESPECT TO INDEMNIFIED LIABILITIES WHICH IN WHOLE OR IN PART
ARE CAUSED BY OR ARISE OUT OF ANY NEGLIGENT ACT (NOT CONSTITUTING GROSS NEGLIGENCE) OR OMISSION OF SUCH INDEMNIFIED PERSON OR OF
ANY OTHER PERSON.  

Access . Each Credit Party shall,
during normal business hours, from time to time upon one (1) Business Day s prior notice as frequently as   Lender    the
Lenders   reasonably determines to be appropriate: (a) provide   Lender    the
Lenders   and any of   its    their  
officers, employees and agents access to its properties, facilities, advisors and employees (including officers) and to the Collateral,
(b) permit   Lender    the Lenders  , and any
of   its    their   officers, employees and agents,
to inspect, audit and make extracts from such Credit Parties  Books and Records, (c) permit   Lender    the
Lenders  , and   its    their   officers,
employees and agents, to inspect, review, evaluate and make test verifications and counts of the Retail Inventory and Other Assets
with respect to any Liquidation Sale, and (d) cause each Merchant to provide to   Lender    the
Lenders   and   its    their   officers,
employees and agents the same access to the properties and facilities and Books of such Merchant that are used in connection with
the Liquidation Sale as is provided to Borrowers by such Merchant under the applicable Liquidation Sales Agreement. If a Default
or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Credit Parties shall provide such access at all times and without
advance notice. The Credit Parties shall make available to   Lender    the
Lenders   and   its    their   counsel,
as quickly as is possible under the circumstances, originals or copies of all Books and Records which   Lender    the
Lenders   may request. The Credit Parties shall deliver any document or instrument necessary for   Lender    the
Lenders  , as it may from time to time request, to obtain records from any service bureau or other Person which maintains
records for the Credit Parties, and shall maintain duplicate records or supporting documentation on media, including computer tapes
and discs owned by the Credit Parties. 

Taxes . 

Any and all payments by any Borrower hereunder
or under any Note shall be made, in accordance with this  Section 2.13 , free and clear of and without deduction for any and
all present or future Taxes, unless a deduction is required by Law. If Borrower shall be required by Law to deduct any Taxes from
or in respect of any sum payable hereunder or under any Note, (i) the sum payable shall be increased as much as shall be necessary
so that after making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this  Section
2.13 )   the Applicable   Lender receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received
had no such deductions been made, (ii) Borrower shall make such deductions, and (iii) Borrower shall pay the full amount deducted
to the relevant taxing or other authority in accordance with applicable Law. Within thirty (30) days after the date of any payment
of Taxes, Borrower shall furnish to   the Applicable   Lender the original or a certified copy
of a receipt evidencing payment thereof. 

If a Borrower makes a Tax Payment and   the
Applicable   Lender determines that (i) a Tax Credit is attributable either to an increased payment of which that Tax
Payment forms part or to that Tax Payment and (ii)   the Applicable   Lender has obtained,
utilized and retained that Tax Credit,   the Applicable   Lender shall pay an amount to such
Borrower which   the Applicable   Lender determines will leave it (after that payment) in the
same after-Tax position as it would have been in had the Tax Payment not been required to be made by such Borrower. 

If any present or future applicable Law,
which expression, as used herein, includes statutes, rules and regulations thereunder and interpretations thereof by any competent
court or by any governmental or other regulatory body or official charged with the administration or the interpretation thereof
and requests, directives, instructions and notices at any time or from time to time hereafter made upon or otherwise issued to
  the Applicable   Lender or the Underlying Issuer by any central bank or other fiscal, monetary
or other authority (whether or not having the force of law), shall: 

subject   the
Applicable   Lender or any Underlying Issuer to any tax, levy, impost, duty, charge, fee, deduction or withholding of
any nature with respect to this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, or any Letters of Credit (other than taxes based upon or measured
by the income or profits of   the Applicable   Lender or such Underlying Issuer and except
where the imposition of such tax, levy, impost, duty, charge or fee is attributable to a deduction for or on account of Tax required
by law to be made by Borrowers or is compensated for by  Section 2.13(a) , or 

materially change the basis of taxation
(except for changes in taxes based upon or measured by income or profits of   the Applicable   Lender
or such Underlying Issuer and except where the change in basis of taxation is attributable to a deduction for or on account of
Tax required by law to be made by Borrowers or is compensated for by  Section 2.13(a)  of payments to   the
Applicable   Lender of the principal of or the interest on any Revolving Credit Advances or any other amounts payable
to   the Applicable   Lender or the Underlying Issuer under this Agreement or any of the other
Loan Documents, or 

impose or increase or render applicable
(other than to the extent specifically provided for elsewhere in this Agreement) any special deposit, reserve, assessment, liquidity,
capital adequacy or other similar requirements (whether or not having the force of law) against assets held by, or deposits in
or for the account of, or loans by, or letters of credit issued by, or commitments of an office of   the
Applicable   Lender or any Underlying Issuer, or 

impose on  
the Applicable   Lender or any Underlying Issuer any other conditions or requirements with respect to this Agreement,
the other Loan Documents or any Letters of Credit, and the result of any of the foregoing is: 

(i)            to
increase the cost to   the Applicable   Lender or such Underlying Issuer of making, funding,
issuing, renewing, extending or maintaining any of the Revolving Credit Advances or any Letter of Credit, or  

(ii)            to
reduce the amount of principal, interest, reimbursement Obligations with respect to Letters of Credit or other amount payable to
  the Applicable   Lender or such Underlying Issuer hereunder on account of such Revolving
Credit Advances or Letter of Credit, or  

(iii)            to
require   the Applicable   Lender or such Underlying Issuer to make any payment or to forego
any interest or repayment of any Letter of Credit Obligations paid by   the Applicable   Lender
or such Underlying Issuer or other sum payable hereunder, the amount of which is calculated by reference to the gross amount of
any sum receivable or deemed received by   the Applicable   Lender or such Underlying Issuer
from Borrowers hereunder,  

then, and in each such case, Borrowers
will, upon demand made by   the Applicable   Lender or such Underlying Issuer (as the case
may be) at any time and from time to time and as often as the occasion therefor may arise, pay to   the
Applicable   Lender or such Underlying Issuer such additional amounts as will be sufficient to compensate  
the Applicable   Lender or such Underlying Issuer for such additional cost, reduction, payment or foregone interest or
Letter of Credit Obligations or other sum. 

Subject to  Section 2.13(e) , Borrowers
jointly and severally shall indemnify and, within ten (10) days of Borrowers  receipt of   the
Applicable   Lender s demand therefor, pay   the Applicable   Lender for the
full amount of Taxes (including any Taxes imposed by any jurisdiction on amounts payable under this  Section 2.13 ) paid by
  the Applicable   Lender, and any liability (including penalties, interest and expenses) arising
therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally asserted.    

Section 2.13(d)  shall not apply
to any Tax based upon or measured by the income or profits of   the Applicable   Lender or
to the extent that any Tax or any liability arising therefrom is compensated for by an increased payment under  Section 2.13(a) . 

Without prejudice to the survival of any
other obligation contained in the Loan Documents, the obligations of a Borrower under this  Section 2.13  shall survive the
termination of the Loan Documents and the payment in full of all Obligations.    

Capital Requirements . If, after
the date hereof,   Lender determines    the Lenders determine  
that (i) the adoption of or change in any Law or guideline regarding capital requirements for banks or bank holding companies,
or any change in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the administration thereof,
or (ii) compliance by   the Applicable   Lender or its parent bank holding company with any
guideline, request or directive of any such entity regarding capital adequacy (whether or not having the force of law), will have
the effect of reducing the return on   the Applicable   Lender s or such holding company s
capital as a consequence of its commitments hereunder to a level below that which   the Applicable   Lender
or such holding company could have achieved but for such adoption, change, or compliance (taking into consideration   the
Applicable   Lender s or such holding company s then existing policies with respect to capital adequacy and
assuming the full utilization of such entity s capital) by any amount deemed by   the Applicable
  Lender to be material, then   the Applicable   Lender may notify Borrowers thereof.
Following receipt of such notice, Borrowers jointly and severally agree to pay   Lender    the
Lenders   on demand the amount of such reduction of return of capital as and when such reduction is determined, payable
within 90 days after presentation by   the Applicable   Lender of a statement in the amount
and setting forth in reasonable detail   the Applicable   Lender s calculation thereof
and the assumptions upon which such calculation was based (which statement shall be deemed true and correct absent manifest error).
In determining such amount,   the Applicable   Lender may use any reasonable averaging and
attribution methods. 

Communication with Accountants and Other
Professionals . Borrowers authorize   the Applicable   Lender to communicate directly with
any professionals retained by any Borrower in connection with any Liquidation Sale, and authorize and shall instruct each of those
professionals to disclose and make available to   the Applicable   Lender any and all financial
statements and other supporting financial documents, schedules and information relating to such Liquidation Sale, except to the
extent that such materials are protected by a legally recognized privilege held by Borrowers and disclosure thereof to   the
Applicable   Lender cannot be accomplished without causing a waiver by Borrowers of such privilege. 

Designation of Original Borrower as
Borrowers  Agent.  

Each Borrower
(other than Original Borrower) hereby irrevocably designates and appoints Original Borrower as such Borrower s agent to obtain
Revolving Credit Advances and the issuance of Letters of Credit, the proceeds of which shall be available to each Borrower for
those uses permitted hereunder. Each Borrower shall be obligated to   the Applicable   Lender
on account of Revolving Credit Advances, or Letters of Credit so made as if made directly by   the Applicable
  Lender to that Borrower, notwithstanding the manner by which such Revolving Credit Advances are recorded on the books
and records of Original Borrower and of any other Borrower. 

Each Borrower
recognizes that credit available to it is in excess of and on better terms than it otherwise could obtain on and for its own account
and that one of the reasons therefor is its joining in the credit facilities contemplated herein with all other Borrowers. Consequently,
each Borrower hereby assumes and agrees to fully, faithfully, and punctually discharge all Obligations of all of Borrowers. 

Original
Borrower may act as a conduit for each Borrower on whose behalf Original Borrower has requested a Revolving Credit Advance or the
issuance of a Letter of Credit. 

The proceeds
of each Revolving Credit Advance which is requested by Original Borrower shall be deposited into the Disbursement Account or as
otherwise indicated by Original Borrower and agreed to by   the Applicable   Lender. Original
Borrower shall cause the transfer of the proceeds thereof to the (those) Borrower(s) on whose behalf such Revolving Credit Advance
was obtained.   the Applicable   Lender shall not have any obligation to see to the application
of such proceeds by Original Borrower. 

Joint and Several Liability of Borrowers.  

Each  
   Borrower is accepting joint and several liability hereunder and under the other Loan Documents in consideration of
the financial accommodations to be provided by   Lender    the
Lenders   under this Agreement, for the mutual benefit, directly and indirectly, of each Borrower and in consideration
of the undertakings of the other Borrowers to accept joint and several liability for the Obligations. 

Each Borrower,
jointly and severally, hereby irrevocably and unconditionally accepts, not merely as a surety but also as a co-debtor, joint and
several liability with the other Borrowers, with respect to the payment and performance of all of the Obligations (including, without
limitation, any Obligations arising under this  Section 2.17 ), it being the intention of the parties hereto that all the
Obligations shall be the joint and several obligations of each Person composing Borrowers without preferences or distinction among
them. 

If and to
the extent that any Borrower shall fail to make any payment with respect to any of the Obligations as and when due or to perform
any of the Obligations in accordance with the terms thereof, then in each such event the other   Borrowers    Borrower  
will make such payment with respect to, or perform, such Obligation. 

The obligations
of each Borrower under the provisions of this  Section 2.17  constitute the absolute and unconditional, full recourse
obligations of each Borrower enforceable against each such Borrower to the full extent of its properties and assets, irrespective
of the validity, regularity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other circumstances whatsoever. 

Except as
otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, each Borrower hereby waives notice of acceptance of its joint and several liability,
notice of any Revolving Credit Advances or Letters of Credit issued under or pursuant to this Agreement, notice of the occurrence
of any Default, Event of Default, or of any demand for any payment under this Agreement, notice of any action at any time taken
or omitted by   Lender    the Lenders   under
or in respect of any of the Obligations, any requirement of diligence or to mitigate damages and, generally, to the extent permitted
by applicable Law, all demands, notices and other formalities of every kind in connection with this Agreement (except as otherwise
provided in this Agreement). Each Borrower hereby assents to, and waives notice of, any extension or postponement of the time for
the payment of any of the Obligations, the acceptance of any payment of any of the Obligations, the acceptance of any partial payment
thereon, any waiver, consent or other action or acquiescence by   Lender    the
Lenders   at any time or times in respect of any default by any Borrower in the performance or satisfaction of any term,
covenant, condition or provision of this Agreement, any and all other indulgences whatsoever by   Lender    the
Lenders   in respect of any of the Obligations, and the taking, addition, substitution or release, in whole or in part,
at any time or times, of any security for any of the Obligations or the addition, substitution or release, in whole or in part,
of any Borrower. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Borrower assents to any other action or delay in acting
or failure to act on the part of   Lender    the Lenders  
with respect to the failure by any of Borrowers to comply with any of its respective Obligations, including, without limitation,
any failure strictly or diligently to assert any right or to pursue any remedy or to comply fully with applicable laws or regulations
thereunder, which might, but for the provisions of this  Section 2.17  afford grounds for terminating, discharging or relieving
any Borrower, in whole or in part, from any of its obligations under this  Section 2.17 , it being the intention of each Borrower
that, so long as any of the Obligations hereunder remain unsatisfied, the obligations of such Borrower under this  Section 2.17 
shall not be discharged except by performance and then only to the extent of such performance. The obligations of each Borrower
under this  Section 2.17  shall not be diminished or rendered unenforceable by any winding up, reorganization, arrangement,
liquidation, reconstruction or similar proceeding with respect to any Borrower or   Lender    the
Lenders  . The joint and several liability of Borrowers hereunder shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any absorption, merger, amalgamation or any other change whatsoever in the name, constitution or place of formation of any of the
Persons composing Borrowers or   Lender    the Lenders  . 

Each Borrower
represents and warrants to   Lender    the Lenders  
that such Borrower is currently informed of the financial condition of Borrowers and of all other circumstances which a diligent
inquiry would reveal and which bear upon the risk of nonpayment of the Obligations. Each Borrower further represents and warrants
to   Lender    the Lenders   that such Borrower
has read and understands the terms and conditions of the Loan Documents. Each Borrower hereby covenants that such Borrower will
continue to keep informed of Borrowers  financial condition, the financial condition of other guarantors, if any, and of
all other circumstances which bear upon the risk of nonpayment or nonperformance of the Obligations. 

Each Borrower
waives all rights and defenses arising out of an election of remedies by   Lender    the
Lenders  , even though that election of remedies, such as a nonjudicial foreclosure with respect to security for a guaranteed
obligation, has destroyed   Lender s    the Lenders   
rights of subrogation and reimbursement against such Borrower by the operation of Section 580(d) of the California Code of Civil
Procedure or otherwise. 

The provisions
of this  Section 2.17  are made for the benefit of   Lender    the
Lenders  , and its successors and assigns, and may be enforced by   Lender    the
Lenders   from time to time against any or all of Borrowers as often as occasion therefor may arise and without requirement
on the part of   Lender    the Lenders  , successor
or assign first to marshal any of its claims or to exercise any of its rights against any of the other Borrowers or to exhaust
any remedies available to it against any of the other Borrowers or to resort to any other source or means of obtaining payment
of any of the Obligations hereunder or to elect any other remedy. The provisions of this  Section 2.17  shall remain in effect
until all of the Obligations shall have been paid in full or otherwise fully satisfied. If at any time, any payment, or any part
thereof, made in respect of any of the Obligations, is rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by   Lender    the
Lenders   upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of any of the Persons composing Borrowers, or otherwise, the
provisions of this  Section 2.17  will forthwith be reinstated in effect, as though such payment had not been made. 

Each   of
Borrowers    Borrower   hereby agrees that it will not enforce any of its rights
of contribution or subrogation against the other Borrowers with respect to any liability incurred by it hereunder or under any
of the other Loan Documents, any payments made by it to   Lender    the
Lenders   with respect to any of the Obligations or any collateral security therefor until such time as all of the Obligations
have been paid in full in cash. Any claim which any Borrower may have against any other Borrower with respect to any payments to
  Lender    the Lenders   hereunder or under any
other Loan Documents are hereby expressly made subordinate and junior in right of payment, without limitation as to any increases
in the Obligations arising hereunder or thereunder, to the prior payment in full in cash of the Obligations and, in the event of
any insolvency, bankruptcy, receivership, liquidation, reorganization or other similar proceeding under the laws of any jurisdiction
relating to any Borrower, its debts or its assets, whether voluntary or involuntary, all such Obligations shall be paid in full
in cash before any payment or distribution of any character, whether in cash, securities or other property, shall be made to any
other Borrower therefor. 

Each Borrower
hereby agrees that, after the occurrence and during the continuance of any Default or Event of Default, the payment of any amounts
due with respect to the indebtedness owing by any Borrower to any other Borrower is hereby subordinated to the prior payment in
full in cash of the Obligations. Each Borrower hereby agrees that after the occurrence and during the continuance of any Default
or Event of Default, such Borrower will not demand, sue for or otherwise attempt to collect any indebtedness of any other Borrower
owing to such Borrower until the Obligations shall have been paid in full in cash. If, notwithstanding the foregoing sentence,
such Borrower shall collect, enforce or receive any amounts in respect of such indebtedness, such amounts shall be collected, enforced
and received by such Borrower as trustee for   Lender    the
Lenders  , and such Borrower shall deliver any such amounts to   Lender    the
Lenders   for application to the Obligations in accordance with  Section 2.8 . 

Joinders . Borrower may request from
time to time that any wholly-owned, special purpose Subsidiary of Great American become a Borrower hereunder pursuant to a Borrower
Joinder for purposes of conducting a Liquidation Sale funded by a Liquidation Borrowing in any jurisdiction outside of the United
States and Canada.   Lender    The Lenders   may,
in its sole discretion, determine whether to agree to permit any such Subsidiary to become a co-Borrower hereunder.   Lender s    The
Lenders    agreement to accept the joinder of any such Subsidiary shall not waive, diminish, or restrict   Lender s    the
Lenders    discretion hereunder as to whether to extend any credit to such Subsidiary or any other Borrower. In
the event that   Lender elects    the Lenders elect  
to permit such a Subsidiary to become a Borrower hereunder, such Subsidiary and each other Credit Party shall execute a Borrower
Joinder and comply with such other conditions precedent required by   Lender    the
Lenders  . Such conditions precedent may include, without limitation, all in form and substance satisfactory to   Lender    the
Lenders  , legal opinions, consents and approvals from any Governmental Authorities or other Persons, security documents
granting   Lender    the Lenders   a Lien on substantially
all of the assets of such Subsidiary, Organizational Documents, financing statements, board resolutions, secretary s certificates,
and affirmation of each Credit Parties  obligations under each of the Loan Documents to which each of the foregoing is a
party. Upon execution and delivery, and   Lender s    the
Lenders    acceptance, of a Borrower Joinder and satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth by   Lender    the
Lenders   in connection with such Borrower Joinder, as determined by   Lender    the
Lenders   in   its    their   sole discretion,
the Subsidiary party to such Borrower Joinder shall become a  Borrower  hereunder for all purposes, including, without
limitation, with respect to all representations and warranties, covenants and agreements contained herein. Borrowers shall be liable
for all of   Lender s    the Lenders   
costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys  fees (including fees of any local counsel retained by   the
Applicable   Lender) in connection with an actual or proposed Borrower Joinder, even if such Borrower Joinder is not accepted
by   Lender    the Lenders  . 

Currency Matters . 

Indemnity.    Dollars    Dollars
(in the case of U.S. Borrowers) and Dollars and CAD (in the case of the Canadian Borrower as applicable)   are the currency
of account and payment for each and   every sum at any time due from Borrowers hereunder. No payment to  
the Applicable   Lender or an Underlying Issuer (whether under any judgment or court order or otherwise) on account of
any of the Obligations (including Fees and reimbursements) denominated in a currency other than Dollars   or
CAD, as applicable,   shall discharge the obligation or liability in respect of which it was made unless and until  
the Applicable   Lender or Underlying Issuer shall have received payment in full in the Dollars Equivalent of such obligation
or liability. To the extent that the amount of any such payment shall, on actual conversion into Dollars  
or CAD, as applicable  , fall short of such obligation or liability, actual or contingent, the Credit Parties each hereby
jointly and severally agree to indemnify and hold harmless   the Applicable   Lender and Underlying
Issuer, as the case may be, with respect to the amount of the shortfall, with such indemnity surviving the termination of this
Agreement and any legal proceeding, judgment or court order pursuant to which the original payment was made which resulted in the
shortfall. 

Fluctuations . In the event any Letter
of Credit or other Obligations are at any time denominated in a currency other than Dollars, then, not later than 1:00 p.m. (Boston
time) on the last Business Day of each month with respect to such Obligations (the   Calculation Date  ), and
at such other times as shall be determined by   the Applicable   Lender in its sole discretion,  
the Applicable   Lender shall determine the Dollar Equivalent as of such date of such Obligations. The Dollar Equivalent
so determined shall become effective on the first Business Day immediately following such determination (a   Reset Date  )
and shall remain effective until the next succeeding Reset Date.   The Applicable   Lender
shall use its reasonable efforts to provide Borrowers with notice of such Reset Date and the Dollar Equivalent determined pursuant
to the preceding sentence. Without limitation of any of Borrowers  other obligations hereunder, Borrower shall immediately
repay any outstanding Obligations if the aggregate amount of the Obligations exceeds the Revolving Loan Ceiling after any Reset
Date. 

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 

Conditions to the Occurrence of the
Restatement Date . The Restatement Date shall not occur, until the following conditions have been satisfied or provided for
in a manner satisfactory to   the U.S.   Lender, in   the U.S.   Lender s
sole discretion, or waived in writing by   the U.S.   Lender. 

This Agreement or counterparts hereof shall
have been duly executed by, and delivered to, Borrowers and   the U.S.   Lender; and  
the U.S.   Lender shall have received such documents, instruments, agreements, certificates, and legal opinions as   the
U.S.   Lender shall request in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents,
including all those listed in the Schedule of Documents as required to be delivered on or before the Restatement Date, each in
form and substance satisfactory to   the U.S.   Lender. 

The representations and warranties contained
in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects. 

No Default or Event of Default shall have
occurred and be continuing, nor shall either result from the occurrence of the transactions contemplated hereby on the Restatement
Date. 

No injunction, writ, restraining order,
or other order of any nature prohibiting, directly or indirectly, the occurrence of the Restatement   Date shall have been
issued and remain in force by any Governmental Authority against any Credit Party,   the U.S.   Lender,
or any of their respective Affiliates. 

No Material Adverse Effect shall have occurred
nor shall result from the occurrence of the transactions contemplated hereby on the Restatement Date. 

the U.S.   Lender
shall have received (i) satisfactory evidence that Borrower, GAG Inc. and Great American have obtained all required consents and
approvals of all Persons, including all requisite Governmental Authorities, to the execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents, or (ii) an officer s certificate in form and substance satisfactory to   the
U.S.   Lender affirming either that no such consents or approvals are required or that they have been duly received, with
copies provided to   the U.S.   Lender. 

The organization and capital structure
of the Great American Group shall be acceptable to   the U.S.   Lender in its sole discretion. 

No action, proceeding, investigation, regulation
or legislation shall have been instituted, threatened or proposed before any court or Governmental Authority to enjoin, restrain
or prohibit, or to obtain damages in respect of, or which is related to or arises out of, this Agreement or any of the other Loan
Documents or the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby and which, in   the U.S.   Lender s
sole judgment, would make it inadvisable to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the other Loan
Documents. 

the U.S.   Lender
shall have received all necessary credit committee and other internal approvals required for their execution and delivery of the
Loan Documents and shall have completed preliminary business, legal, and collateral due diligence, including (i) all requirements
related to the Patriot Act, anti-money laundering rules and regulations, and all other  know your customer  requirements
with respect to each Borrower, GAG Inc., Great American and their respective Affiliates; and (ii) a preliminary collateral audit
and review of each Borrower s Books and verification of each Borrower s representations and warranties to   the
U.S.   Lender, the results of which shall be satisfactory to   the U.S.   Lender.
   Each   Lender may require each Borrower to provide additional documents to satisfy its  know
your customer  requirements following entry into of this Agreement if   the U.S.   Lender
is required to do so in order to be in compliance with applicable Law, and each Borrower shall promptly provide such documents
on such request. 

the U.S.   Lender
shall have received a preliminary reference check with respect to GAG Inc. s, Great American s, and each Borrower s
senior management, the results of which are satisfactory to   the U.S.   Lender in its sole
discretion. 

Borrowers shall have paid all Lender Expenses,
including without limitation the fees and expenses of   the U.S.   Lender s legal counsel,
incurred in connection with the transactions evidenced by this Agreement and the Existing Credit Agreement. 

All other documents and legal matters in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have been delivered, executed, or recorded and shall be in
form and substance satisfactory to   the U.S.   Lender. 

Conditions to each Inventory, Other
Assets Advance and Letter of Credit .   The Applicable   Lender shall not make any Revolving
Credit Advance or incur any Letter of Credit Obligations with respect to any Liquidation Sale until the following conditions have
been satisfied or provided for in a manner satisfactory to   the Applicable   Lender, in   the
Applicable   Lender s sole discretion, or waived in writing by   the Applicable  
Lender: 

the Applicable
  Lender shall have received such documents, information and other materials required to be included with the Liquidation
Loan Proposal and such other documents, information and other materials as   the Applicable   Lender
may reasonably request or are required hereunder, including executed versions of the Liquidation Sales Agreements, executed agreements
establishing the Blocked Accounts for such Liquidation Sale, copies of any court orders required for any Merchant which is a party
to any Insolvency Proceeding to enter into a Liquidation Sales Agreement and to sell its Inventory and, if applicable, Other Assets
in a Liquidation Sale, Collateral Assignments together with notices to Merchant and any other parties required by   the
Applicable   Lender, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to   the Applicable  
Lender. 

The inventory taking and verification processes
conducted by RGIS or another inventory taking company acceptable to   the Applicable   Lender
shall have been completed in a manner reasonably satisfactory to   the Applicable   Lender;
provided, that, so long as all other conditions precedent are satisfied, a portion of a Revolving Credit Advance may be made pursuant
to  Section 2.1(f)(iii)  before the final inventory count has been completed. 

the Applicable
  Lender shall have received evidence reasonably satisfactory to   the Applicable  
Lender that licenses (including going out of business sale licenses, if necessary), consents and acknowledgments have been obtained,
and filings have been made (in each case to the extent applicable), or if such licenses, consents and acknowledgments have not
been obtained or such filings have not been made, then such licenses, consents and acknowledgments will be obtained and such filings
will be made at or before the time they are required, from all Persons whose licenses, consents and acknowledgments or with whom
filings may be required, including all requisite Governmental Authorities, with respect to the terms and to the execution, delivery
and performance of the Liquidation Sales Agreements, and the performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with respect
thereto. 

the Applicable
  Lender shall have received evidence satisfactory to it that (i) all Liens other than Permitted Encumbrances acceptable
to   the Applicable   Lender with respect to the applicable Liquidation Sale, if any, and other
than those of   the Applicable   Lender, upon any of the Collateral with respect to such Liquidation
Sale, have been terminated, released, or assigned to a Borrower or   the Applicable   Lender,
and (ii) in the event there are no Liens on the Retail Inventory and Other Assets, Borrowers shall have been granted a security
interest in such Retail Inventory and Other Assets to secure the obligations of the Merchant under the Liquidation Sales Agreements.
In either case, all such Liens held by any Borrower shall have been assigned to   the Applicable   Lender. 

the Applicable
  Lender shall have received evidence satisfactory to it that the  Merchandise,  as defined in the applicable
Liquidation Sales Agreement, is free of all Liens, other than those of a Borrower or   the Applicable
  Lender or Permitted Encumbrances acceptable to   the Applicable   Lender. 

No action, proceeding, investigation, regulation
or legislation shall have been instituted, threatened or proposed before any Governmental Authority to enjoin, restrain or prohibit,
or to obtain damages in respect of, or which is related to or arises out of, the Liquidation Sales Agreements or the consummation
of the transactions contemplated thereby and which, in   the Applicable   Lender s sole
judgment, would make it inadvisable to consummate the transactions contemplated thereby or by this Agreement or any of the other
Loan Documents. 

Borrowers shall have deposited the Borrower
Equity Amount with respect to such Liquidation Sale in the Disbursement Account and   the Applicable
  Lender shall have received evidence satisfactory to it that any required Expense L/C or other letter of credit required
under the applicable Liquidation Sales Agreement in respect to unpaid installments of the Guaranteed Amount or Purchase Price have
been issued and remains outstanding or arranged to be issued. If   the Applicable   Lender
is incurring Letter of Credit Obligations with respect to the Guaranteed Amount or Purchase Price with respect to such Liquidation
Sale,   the Applicable   Lender shall have received from Borrowers cash collateral or a letter
of credit in form, substance and issued by an issuer satisfactory to   the Applicable   Lender,
in either case in an amount equal to the Borrower Equity Amount with respect to such Liquidation Sale. 

the Applicable
  Lender shall be satisfied that it shall have received a duly enforceable and perfected first priority Lien on all property
and assets, and the products and proceeds thereof, of each Borrower, that   the Applicable   Lender
need not qualify to do business in any jurisdiction in order to exercise any of its rights and remedies against any Borrower in
any such jurisdiction or be required to obtain any other license, consent, or other approval or incur any Tax, liability, or expense.
  Each   Lender shall further be satisfied with the Laws, practice, and procedures of the Governmental
Authorities in such jurisdiction and there shall have not occurred, or be reasonably likely to occur, any material adverse event
or circumstance effecting the political environment or capital markets in such jurisdiction. 

With respect to any Liquidation Borrowing
financing any portion of a Liquidation Sale in any jurisdiction other than the United States   or Canada  ,
all documents, certificates, legal opinions, filings, and other instruments required by   the Applicable  
Lender to be executed and delivered shall have been executed and delivered, in form and substance satisfactory to   the
Applicable   Lender, and, if required by   the Applicable   Lender, a wholly-owned
Subsidiary of Great American, in form and substance satisfactory to   the Applicable   Lender,
shall have been formed to conduct such Liquidation Sale and shall have become a Borrower hereunder pursuant to a Borrower Joinder. 

Further Conditions to Each Liquidation
Borrowing .   The Applicable   Lender shall not be obligated to fund any Revolving Credit
Advance (including any Inventory Advance or Other Assets Advance) or incur any Letter of Credit Obligations if, as of the date
thereof: 

any representation or warranty by any Credit
Party contained herein or in any of the other Loan Documents shall be untrue or incorrect in any material respect as of such date,
except to the extent that such representation or warranty expressly relates to an earlier date and except for changes therein expressly
permitted or expressly contemplated by this Agreement; or 

any event or circumstance having a Material
Adverse Effect shall have occurred since the date hereof and be continuing; or 

any Default or Event of Default shall have
occurred and be continuing or would result after giving effect to any Revolving Credit Advance or the incurrence of any Letter
of Credit Obligations;  provided  that, if the Default or Event of Default is a payment default, a Default or an Event of
Default with respect to  Sections   4.20, 6.10  or  7.2  of this Agreement, a Default or an Event of Default with
respect to the occurrence of an event that has a Material Adverse Effect, in any case, solely with respect to any particular Liquidation
Borrowing, or any other Default or Event of Default solely with respect to a particular Liquidation Borrowing (other than a Default
or an Event of Default that is the result of any fraud, acts in bad faith or intentional breach by any Borrower),   the
Applicable   Lender shall not be obligated to fund any Revolving Credit Advances or incur any Letter of Credit Obligations
only with respect to such Liquidation Borrowing; or 

after giving effect to any Revolving Credit
Advance or the issuance of any Letter of Credit, the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loan would exceed the Revolving
Loan Ceiling. 

The request and acceptance by any Borrower
of the proceeds of any Revolving Credit Advance or the incurrence by   the Applicable   Lender
of any Letter of Credit Obligations, in each case, shall be deemed to constitute, as of the date of such request or acceptance,
(i) a representation and warranty by Borrowers that the conditions in this  Section 3.3  have been satisfied and (ii) a reaffirmation
by Borrowers of the granting and continuance of   Lender s    the
Lenders    Liens pursuant to the Collateral Documents. 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

To induce   Lender    the
Lenders   to make, in its sole discretion and with no obligation to do so, the Revolving Credit Advances and incur Letter
of Credit Obligations, each Borrower makes the following representations and warranties to   Lender    the
Lenders  , each and all of which shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement. 

Limited Liability Company Existence;
Compliance with Law . Borrowers  exact legal name is that indicated on the Perfection Certificate and on the signature
page hereof or, as applicable, the signature page to a Borrower Joinder. Original Borrower is a limited liability company duly
organized, in good standing, and validly existing under the laws of its jurisdiction of formation.   The
Canadian Borrower is an unlimited company, duly organized, in good standing, and validly existing under the laws of its jurisdiction
of formation.   Each other Borrower which becomes party hereto pursuant to a Borrower Joinder has the corporate, company,
or partnership form identified in the Borrower Joinder applicable to it and is duly organized, in good standing, and validly existing
under the laws of its jurisdiction of formation. Each Borrower (a) is duly qualified to conduct business in each other jurisdiction
where its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification; (b) has the requisite power
and authority and the legal right to own, pledge, mortgage or otherwise encumber and operate its properties, to lease the property
it operates under lease and to conduct its business as now, heretofore and proposed to be conducted; (c) has all licenses, permits,
consents or approvals from or by, and has made all filings with, and has given all notices to, all Governmental Authorities having
jurisdiction, to the extent required for such ownership, operation and conduct; (d) is in compliance with its Organizational Documents;
and (e) is in compliance with all applicable provisions of Law, except where the failure to comply, individually or in the aggregate,
could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Executive Offices; FEIN; Organizational
Number . The current location of Original Borrower s chief executive office and principal place of business is 21860 Burbank
Blvd  .,   Suite 300 South, Woodland Hills, CA 91367 and Original Borrower has not had any
other chief executive office or principal place of business. Original Borrower s federal employer identification number is
26-3540693 and its organizational number given to it by its jurisdiction of formation is 200828810099.   The
location of Canadian Borrower s chief executive office and principal place of business as of the Sixth Amendment Effective
Date is 21860 Burbank Blvd., Suite 300 South, Woodland Hills, CA 91367, and Canadian Borrower has not had any other chief executive
office or principal place of business. Canadian Borrower s organizational number given to it by its jurisdiction of formation
is BC1026199.   All information set forth on the Perfection Certificate pertaining to each Borrower is accurate and complete
as of the date hereof; and there has been no change in any of such information from the date on which the Perfection Certificate
was signed by such Borrower to the Restatement Date. 

Company Power, Authorization, Enforceable
Obligations . The execution, delivery and performance by each Borrower of the Loan Documents to which it is a party and the
creation of all Liens provided for therein: (a) are within such Borrower s corporate (or equivalent company) authority; (b)
have been duly authorized by all necessary or proper company or corporate action; (c) do not contravene any provision of such Borrower s
Organizational Documents; (d) do not violate any Law; (e) do not conflict with or result in the breach or termination of, constitute
a default under or accelerate or permit the acceleration of any performance required by, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust,
lease, agreement or other instrument to which such Borrower is a party or by which such Borrower or any of its property is bound;
(f) do not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of the property of such Borrower other than those in favor
of   Lender    the Lenders   pursuant to the Loan
Documents; and (g) do not require the consent or approval of any Governmental Authority or any other Person, except those, if any,
that have been received and except for recordings and filings by   Lender    the
Lenders   in connection with the Liens granted to   Lender    the
Lenders   under any of the Loan Documents, all of which will have been duly obtained, made or complied with prior to the
Restatement Date. Each Loan Document to which a Borrower is a party constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Borrower
enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency
or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors  rights generally or by equitable principles relating to its enforceability,
and, without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, each Collateral Document to which a Borrower is a party creates the
security interests which it purports to create, those security interests are valid and effective and the security created thereby
has or will have first ranking priority and shall not be subject to any prior ranking or  pari passu  ranking security interest.
Further, the choice of governing law of the Loan Documents will be recognized and enforced in each Borrower s Relevant Jurisdiction
and a judgment obtained in relation to a Loan Document in the jurisdiction of the governing law of that Loan Document will be recognized
and enforced in each Borrower s Relevant Jurisdiction. 

Material Adverse Effect . All financial
statements relating to Borrowers, GAG Inc., and Great American that have been delivered by or on behalf of Borrowers pursuant to
Article 5 hereof have been prepared in accordance with GAAP (except, in the case of unaudited financial statements, for the lack
of footnotes and being subject to normal year-end audit adjustments) and present fairly in all material respects Borrowers ,
GAG Inc. s, or Great American s (as applicable) financial condition as of the date thereof and results of operations
for the period then ended. No event has occurred, which alone or together with other events, could reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect. 

Agreements Entered Into by Borrowers .
(a) No Borrower has entered into any contract, instrument, or other agreement other than this Agreement, the other Loan Documents,
any Liquidation Sales Agreements, any Liquidator Joint Venture Agreements, and any other agreement entered into in the ordinary
course of business and necessary to the performance of the foregoing agreements; and (b) no Borrower is in default and, except
as previously disclosed to   Lender    the Lenders  
in writing, to Borrower s knowledge no third party is in default under any of such agreements. 

Ownership of Property; Liens . No
Borrower owns any property other than (i) the rights under the agreements described in  Section 4.5(a)  and (ii) the
Retail Inventory and/or Other Assets purchased pursuant to a Purchase Agreement or an Agency Agreement under clauses thereof that
may permit a Borrower to retain any unsold Retail Inventory or other property of a Merchant at the conclusion of any Liquidation
Sale, if any. Each applicable Borrower has good and marketable title to such property, and none of such property is subject to
any Liens other than Permitted Encumbrances. Each Borrower has disclosed in writing to   Lender    the
Lenders   any Retail Inventory, Other Assets, or other Collateral that is known by such Borrower subject to a retention
of title claim. In addition, there are no facts, circumstances or conditions known to any Borrower that may result in any Liens
other than those in favor of   Lender    the Lenders  
pursuant to the Loan Documents or Liens in relation to retention of title claims disclosed to   Lender    the
Lenders   in writing.   Lender s    the
Lenders    Liens against the Collateral are validly created, perfected, and first priority Liens, subject only to
Permitted Encumbrances. 

Operations of Borrower . Each Borrower
has no employees and operates its business solely through services provided by Great American. 

Ventures, Subsidiaries and Affiliates,
and Indebtedness . 

Other than Credit Parties which may become
party hereto after the Restatement Date pursuant to a Borrower Joinder, no Borrower has any Subsidiaries, is engaged in any joint
venture or partnership with any other Person (other than pursuant to any Liquidator Joint Venture Agreement) and is not an Affiliate
of any other Person except Great American and their respective Affiliates listed on  Schedule 4.8 , and those natural Persons
who may be deemed Affiliates by being managers of the Affiliates listed on  Schedule 4.8  (such Persons are not required to
be listed on such Schedule). 

Great American is a wholly-owned Subsidiary
of GAG Inc. Great American is the sole member of Original Borrower. Each Borrower is a wholly-owned Subsidiary of Great American;
 provided ,  however , notwithstanding the foregoing, B. Riley shall be permitted to own up to 1,000 non-voting preferred
shares of the Capital Stock of Retail. 

No Borrower has any outstanding Indebtedness
for borrowed money other than as may be outstanding or permitted under this Agreement from time to time and has no Liens on its
assets other than as may be outstanding or permitted under this Agreement. Great American Group CS, LLC, Great American and any
of their respective Affiliates, as applicable, has repaid and satisfied all Indebtedness and other obligations owed by it to Credit
Suisse, all loan and security documents entered into between Great American CS LLC, Great American, and any of their respective
Affiliates with Credit Suisse have terminated and are of no further force or effect, and all Liens granted by any of the foregoing
in favor of Credit Suisse have been terminated and released. 

Requirements of Law . No Borrower
is an  investment company  or an  affiliated person  of, or  promoter  or  principal
underwriter  for, an  investment company,  as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940 as
amended. No Borrower is subject to regulation under the Federal Power Act, or any other federal, state, national or local statute
that restricts or limits its ability to incur indebtedness or to perform its obligations hereunder. The making of Revolving Credit
Advances by   Lender    the Lenders   to Borrowers,
the incurrence of the Letter of Credit Obligations on behalf of Borrowers, the application of the proceeds thereof and repayment
thereof and the consummation of the Liquidation Sales will not violate any provision of any such statute or any rule, regulation
or order issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other Governmental Authority in any jurisdiction to which a Borrower
may be subject. Each Borrower is in compliance with, and shall hereafter comply with and use its assets in compliance with, all
requirements of applicable Law except where the failure of such compliance will not be reasonably likely to result in a Material
Adverse Effect. No Borrower has received any notice of any violation of any requirement of Law (other than of a violation which
could not be reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect). 

Margin Regulations . No Borrower
is engaged, nor will any Borrower engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit
for the purpose of  purchasing  or  carrying  any  margin security  as such terms are defined
in Regulation U of the Federal Reserve Board as now and from time to time hereafter in effect (such securities being referred to
herein as   Margin Stock  ). No Borrower owns any Margin Stock, and none of the proceeds of the Revolving Credit
Advances, the Letters of Credit, or other extensions of credit under this Agreement will be used, directly or indirectly, for the
purpose of purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock, for the purpose of reducing or retiring any indebtedness which was originally
incurred to purchase or carry any Margin Stock or for any other purpose which might cause any of the Revolving Credit Advances,
Letters of Credit, or other extensions of credit under this Agreement to be considered a  purpose credit  within the
meaning of Regulation T, U or X of the Federal Reserve Board. No Borrower will take or permit to be taken any action which might
cause any Loan Document to violate any regulation of the Federal Reserve Board. 

Taxes . All tax returns, reports
and statements, including information returns, required by any Governmental Authority to be filed by any Borrower have been filed
with the appropriate Governmental Authority and all Charges have been paid prior to the date on which any fine, penalty, interest
or late charge may be added thereto for nonpayment thereof (or any such fine, penalty, interest, late charge or loss has been paid).
There are no assessments or threatened assessments by the IRS or any other applicable Government Authority currently outstanding.
No Borrower has executed or filed with the IRS or any other Governmental Authority any agreement or other document extending, or
having the effect of extending, the period for assessment or collection-of any Charges. No Borrower or any of their predecessors
is liable for any Charges: (a) under any agreement (including any tax sharing agreements) or (b) to Borrowers  knowledge,
as a transferee. 

ERISA   .    
and Canadian Plans.   

No Borrower has any employee benefit plans
as defined in  Section 3(3)  of ERISA. No Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate has taken, or failed to take, any action that has
subjected or would subject any Borrower to any liability with respect to any employee benefit plan. 

No Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries maintains, contributes, sponsors, administers or has liability with respect to any Canadian Pension Plan or Canadian
Benefit Plan.  

No Litigation . No action, claim,
lawsuit, demand, investigation or proceeding is now pending or, to Borrowers  knowledge, threatened against any Borrower,
before any Governmental Authority or before any arbitrator or panel of arbitrators (collectively,   Litigation  )
that challenges any Borrower s right or power to enter into or perform any of its obligations under the Loan Documents to
which it is a party, or the validity or enforceability of any Loan Document or any action taken thereunder. There is no Litigation
pending or, to Borrowers  knowledge, threatened that seeks damages or injunctive relief or alleges criminal misconduct of
any Borrower. 

Brokers . No broker or finder acting
on behalf of any Borrower brought about the obtaining, making or closing of the Revolving Loan, and no Borrower has any obligation
to any Person in respect of any finder s or brokerage fees in connection therewith. 

Full Disclosure . No information
contained in this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents, any financial statement, or any other reports from time to time delivered
hereunder or any written statement furnished by or on behalf of any Borrower to   Lender    the
Lenders   pursuant to the terms of this Agreement contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements contained herein or therein not misleading in light of the circumstances under which
they were made. 

Environmental Matters . 

(i) No Borrower is involved in operations
nor does it know of any facts, circumstances or conditions, including any Releases of Hazardous Materials, that are likely to result
in any Environmental Liabilities of any Borrower; (ii) no notice has been received by any Borrower identifying it as a  potentially
responsible party  or requesting information under CERCLA or analogous state statutes, and to Borrowers  knowledge,
there are no facts, circumstances or conditions that may result in any Borrower being identified as a  potentially responsible
party  under CERCLA or analogous state statutes; and (iii) Borrowers have provided to   Lender    the
Lenders   copies of all existing environmental reports, reviews and audits and all written information, if any, pertaining
to actual or potential Environmental Liabilities. 

Each Borrower hereby acknowledges and agrees
that   the Applicable   Lender (i) is not now, and has not ever been, in control of any of
such Borrower s affairs, and (ii) does not, other than in connection with   the Applicable   Lender
exercising certain of its rights under certain of the Loan Documents after an Event of Default, have the capacity through the provisions
of the Loan Documents or otherwise to influence such Borrower s conduct with respect to the ownership, operation or management
of its compliance with Environmental Laws or Environmental Permits. 

Deposit and Disbursement Accounts .
 Schedule 4.17  lists all banks and other financial institutions at which   each   Borrower
maintains deposits and/or other accounts as of the Restatement Date, including any DDAs and any Disbursement Accounts, and such
Schedule correctly identifies the name, address and telephone number of each depository, the name in which the account is held,
a description of the purpose of the account, and the complete account number. 

Government Contracts . None of the
Liquidation Sales Agreements or Purchase Agreements is or will be subject to the Federal Assignment of Claims Act, as amended (31
U.S.C. Section 3727  ), the  Financial Administration Act  (Canada  ) or any similar Law
of any Governmental Authority. 

Solvency; Fraudulent Transfer . 

Both before and after giving effect to
(i) the Revolving Credit Advances and Letter of Credit Obligations to be made or extended on the Restatement Date or such other
date as Revolving Credit Advances or Letter of Credit Obligations requested hereunder are made or extended, (ii) the disbursement
of the proceeds of such Revolving Credit Advances or Letters of Credit pursuant to the instructions of any Borrower, (iii) any
Liquidation Sale, and (iv) the payment and accrual of all transaction costs in connection with the foregoing, each Credit Party
is Solvent. 

No transfer of property is being made by
any Credit Party and no obligation is being incurred by any Credit Party in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement or the other Loan Documents with the intent to hinder, delay, or defraud either present or future creditors of any Credit
Party. 

No transfer of property is being made by
any Credit Party without receiving a reasonably equivalent value in exchange for such transfer and each Credit Party s remaining
assets are not unreasonably small in relation to its business. 

Liquidation Sales Agreements . Borrowers
have delivered to   Lender    the Lenders   complete
and correct copies of all existing Liquidation Sales Agreements and Liquidator Joint Venture Agreements (including all schedules,
exhibits, amendments, supplements, modifications, assignments and all other documents delivered pursuant thereto or in connection
therewith). No Borrower nor, to Borrowers  knowledge, any other Person party thereto is in default in the performance or
compliance with any provisions thereof. All Liquidation Sales Agreements and Liquidator Joint Venture Agreements comply with, and
all Liquidation Sales and purchases made pursuant thereto or pursuant to any Purchase Agreement prior to such time have been consummated
in accordance with, all applicable Laws of all applicable Governmental Authorities. All requisite approvals by Governmental Authorities
having jurisdiction over Borrower (or any Liquidator JV) and, to Borrowers  knowledge, Merchants and other Persons referenced
therein, with respect to the transactions contemplated by such Liquidation Sales Agreements or Liquidator Joint Venture Agreements
have been obtained, and no such approvals impose any conditions to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by such Liquidation
Sales Agreements or Liquidator Joint Venture Agreements or to the conduct by any Borrower of its business thereafter. To Borrowers 
knowledge, none of the Merchant s representations or warranties in such Liquidation Sales Agreements contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit any fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. Each of the representations and warranties
given by any Borrower in such Liquidation Sales Agreements is true and correct in all material respects. Notwithstanding anything
contained in such Liquidation Sales Agreements to the contrary, such representations and warranties of Borrower are incorporated
into this Agreement by this  Section 4.20  and shall, solely for purposes of this Agreement and the benefit of   Lender    the
Lenders  , survive the consummation of the related Liquidation Sale, purchase by a Borrower, or other transactions contemplated
therein. 

Patriot Act, Foreign Assets, Etc .
No Borrower is (nor will it be) a Person with whom   the Applicable   Lender is restricted
from doing business under regulations of the Office of Foreign Asset Control (  OFAC  ) of the Department of Treasury
of the United States of America (including, those persons named on the OFAC s specially designated and Blocked Persons list  )    ),
the federal government of Canada   or under any similar statute, executive order (including the September 24, 2001 Executive
Order Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten To Commit, or Support, or Terrorism) or
other governmental action; no Borrower is knowingly engaging in and (shall not knowingly engage in) any dealings or transactions
or otherwise associated with such persons. In addition, each Borrower hereby agrees to provide   the
Applicable   Lender with any additional information that   the Applicable   Lender
deems reasonable and necessary from time to time in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in order to
assure compliance with all applicable Laws concerning money laundering and similar activities. None of the requesting or borrowing
of any Revolving Credit Advances, the requesting or issuance, extension or renewal of any Letters of Credit or the use of the proceeds
of any thereof will violate the Trading With the Enemy Act (50 U.S.C.  1 et seq., as amended) (the   Trading With
the Enemy Act  ) or any of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 CFR, Subtitle
B, Chapter V, as amended) (the   Foreign Assets Control Regulations  ) or any enabling legislation or executive
order relating thereto (which for the avoidance of doubt shall include, but shall not be limited to (a) Executive Order 13224 of
September 21, 2001 Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism
(66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (2001)) (the   Executive Order  ) and (b) the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing
Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (Public Law 107-56)). Furthermore, none of Borrowers
nor any of their Subsidiaries or other Affiliates (a) is or will become a  blocked person  as described in the Executive
Order, the Trading With the Enemy Act or the Foreign Assets Control Regulations or (b) engages or will engage in any dealings or
transactions, or be otherwise associated, with any such  blocked person .       None
of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents violates the Canadian Economic Sanctions and Export Control Laws. Furthermore,
no Credit Party nor any Subsidiary thereof is a Canadian Blocked Person and, to the actual knowledge of each Credit Party, no Credit
Party or Subsidiary thereof engages in any dealings or transactions, or is otherwise associated, with a Canadian Blocked Person.   

No Events of Default . As of any
date of determination, both before and after giving effect to the making of any Revolving Credit Advances or the issuance of any
Letters of Credit, there are no Events of Default. 

Use of Proceeds . The proceeds of
any Revolving Credit Advances or any Letter of Credit are neither intended or anticipated to be used nor have been used in any
way which would cause a breach of  Section 2.2  or otherwise result in an Event of Default. 

Investments . Other than Investments
made by a Borrower in connection with any Liquidation Sale, no Borrower has any Investments or made any agreements or other legally
binding commitments to invest in any Person. 

Indebtedness . Other than the Obligations,
the Indebtedness permitted in  Section 7.4  and any obligations in respect to Liquidation Sale Agreements or Liquidator Joint
Venture Agreements, no Borrower has any Indebtedness. 

GAG Purchase Agreement . All of GAG
Inc. s, Great American s, and any of their respective Affiliates  obligations, including payment of all fees
and other amounts, under the GAG Purchase Agreement, and any other document or agreement executed in connection therewith, have
been satisfied in full as of the Restatement Date. There is no default or breach by any Person party to the GAG Purchase Agreement
of any terms, conditions, or provisions of the GAG Purchase Agreement. The GAG Purchase Agreement has not been amended, waived,
supplemented, terminated, or restated since July 28, 2009. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND INFORMATION 

Reports and Notices . Each Borrower
covenants and agrees that, from and after the Closing Date and until the Termination Date, it shall deliver to   the
Applicable   Lender (a) concurrently with the delivery of such information to the applicable Merchant, copies of financial
statements, notices, projections and other financial information at the times and in the manner set forth in the Liquidation Sales
Agreements with such Merchant, (b) promptly after receipt by such Borrower, copies of any notices, financial statements, or other
reports from any Merchant under or relating to the Liquidation Sales Agreements, (c) copies of any notices delivered to such Borrower
under any Liquidator Joint Venture Agreement or any other agreement executed in connection therewith, and (d) copies of any motion
filed in connection with any bankruptcy case involving a Merchant or, if relevant, order of any court hearing such case (including,
without limitation, the court order (if applicable) approving the retention of such Borrower or a Liquidator JV as the liquidator
and the terms of such retention) concerning the Liquidation Sale and/or any transactions contemplated under any Liquidation Sale
Agreement. 

Reports Relating to Liquidation Sales .
In addition, each Borrower shall provide to   the Applicable   Lender the information with
respect to each Liquidation Sale described on  Schedule 5.2 . 

Financial Reports and SEC Filings.  

As soon as available, but in any event
within ninety (90) days after the end of each Fiscal year, Borrowers shall deliver to   Lender    the
Lenders  , or cause GAG Inc. to deliver to   Lender    the
Lenders  , (i) Consolidated and consolidating financial statements of GAG Inc. and its Subsidiaries for each such Fiscal
year, audited by independent certified public accountants selected by GAG Inc. and reasonably acceptable to   Lender    the
Lenders   and certified, without any qualifications, by such accountants to have been prepared in accordance with GAAP
(such audited financial statements to include a balance sheet, income statement, and statement of cash flow and, if prepared, such
accountants  letter to management) together with a certificate of such accountants addressed to   Lender    the
Lenders   stating that such accountants do not have knowledge of the existence of any Default or Event of Default and
(ii) the annual 10-K reports (or any successor form) of GAG Inc. filed with the SEC   or any other applicable
Governmental Authority  . 

As soon as practicable, but in any event
not later than fifty (50) days after the end of each of the first three Fiscal quarters of each Fiscal year of GAG Inc., Borrowers
shall deliver to   Lender    the Lenders  , or
cause GAG Inc. to deliver to   Lender    the Lenders  ,
(i) copies of the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of GAG Inc. and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such quarter, and the
related consolidated statement of operations for such quarter and for the portion of GAG Inc. s Fiscal year then elapsed,
and the related consolidated statement of cash flow for such quarter and for the portion of GAG Inc. s Fiscal year then elapsed,
all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP (subject to year-end adjustments and except for the absence of notes),
and (ii) the quarterly 10-Q (or any successor form) reports of GAG Inc. filed with the SEC. 

As soon as available, but in any event
within 15 days after the end of each month during each of GAG Inc. s Fiscal years, Borrowers shall deliver to   Lender    the
Lenders  , or cause GAG Inc. to deliver, each of the following (which may be prepared by GAG Inc. internally): 

a GAG Inc. prepared Consolidated and individual
balance sheet, income statement, and statement of cash flow covering GAG Inc. s and its Subsidiaries  operations during
such period and comparing the same period during the prior year on a Consolidated, consolidating and individual basis a certificate
signed by the chief financial officer of GAG Inc. to the effect that: 

the financial
statements delivered hereunder have been prepared in accordance with GAAP (except for the lack of footnotes and being subject to
Fiscal year-end audit adjustments) and fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of GAG Inc. and its Subsidiaries, 

the representations
and warranties of each Borrower contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, of GA Asset Advisors in the GA Asset
Advisors Guaranty to the extent the GA Asset Advisors Guaranty is in effect, and of GAG Inc. and Great American contained in the
Great American Guaranty, are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such certificate, as though made
on and as of such date (except to the extent that such representations and warranties relate solely to an earlier date), and 

there does
not exist any condition or event that constitutes a Default or Event of Default (or, to the extent of any non-compliance, describing
such non-compliance as to which he or she may have knowledge and what action Borrowers have taken, are taking, or propose to take
with respect thereto). 

Promptly after the same become publicly
available, Borrowers shall deliver to   Lender    the Lenders  ,
or cause GAG Inc. to deliver to   Lender    the Lenders  ,
copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by GAG Inc. or any of its Subsidiaries with
the SEC, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of the SEC, or with any national securities exchange,
as the case may be. 

Promptly after the sending or filing thereof,
Borrowers shall deliver to   Lender    the Lenders  ,
or cause GAG Inc. to deliver to   Lender    the Lenders  ,
copies of all quarterly and annual reports and proxy solicitations that GAG Inc. sends to its public security holders generally,
and copies of all reports on form 8-K (or its equivalent) and registration statements for the public offering (of securities that
GAG Inc. or any of its Subsidiaries files with the SEC or any national securities exchange  .    ).   

Copies of reports and financial statements
filed by GAG Inc. with the SEC and required to be delivered to   Lender    the
Lenders   under this  Section 5.3  by Borrowers shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which GAG Inc.
causes such reports, or reports containing such financial statements, to be posted on the Internet at www.sec.gov or at such other
website identified by Borrowers in a notice to   Lender    the
Lenders   and that is accessible by   Lender    the
Lenders   without charge. 

Upon   Lender s    the
Lenders    request, Borrowers shall deliver evidence in form and substance satisfactory to   Lender    the
Lenders   of their compliance with  Section 6.15  hereof. 

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 

Each Borrower agrees
that from and after the date hereof and until the Termination Date, Borrowers shall comply with each of the following covenants: 

Maintenance of Existence and Conduct
of Business . Each Borrower shall: (a) do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect
its corporate existence as in effect on the Restatement Date or the date of any Borrower Joinder with respect to any Borrower not
party hereto on the Restatement Date, and its rights and franchises necessary to the proper conduct of its business; (b) continue
to conduct its business solely for the purpose of conducting Liquidation Sales or consummating purchases under Liquidation Sales
Agreements; (c) at all times maintain, preserve and protect all of its assets and properties used or useful in the conduct of its
business, and keep the same in good repair, working order and condition in all material respects (taking into consideration ordinary
wear and tear); and (d) transact business only in its legal name. Each Borrower shall cause any Liquidator JV to comply with the
foregoing from the date of any Liquidation Joint Venture Agreement. 

Payment of Obligations . 

Subject to  Section 6.2(b),  Borrowers
shall, or if applicable shall cause any Liquidator JV to, pay and discharge or cause to be paid and discharged promptly all Charges
and lawful claims for labor, materials, supplies and services or otherwise, before any thereof shall become past due. 

Borrowers may in good faith contest, by
appropriate proceedings, the validity or amount of any Charges or claims described in  Section 6.2(a) ;  provided , that
(a) at the time of commencement of any such contest no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (b) adequate
reserves with respect to such contest are maintained on the books of Borrowers, in accordance with GAAP, (c) such contest is maintained
and prosecuted continuously and with diligence and operates to suspend collection or enforcement of such Charges or claims or any
Lien in respect thereof, (d) none of the Collateral becomes subject to forfeiture or loss as a result of such contest, (e) no Lien
shall be imposed to secure payment of such Charges, (f) Borrowers shall promptly pay or discharge such contested Charges or claims
and all additional charges, interest, penalties and expenses, if any, and shall deliver to   Lender    the
Lenders   evidence acceptable to   Lender    the
Lenders   of such compliance, payment or discharge, if such contest is terminated or discontinued adversely to Borrowers
or the conditions set forth in this  Section 6.2(b)  are no longer met, and (g)   Lender has    the
Lenders have   not advised Borrowers in writing that   Lender    the
Lenders   reasonably   believes    believe  
that nonpayment or nondischarge thereof could have or result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

Books and Records . Borrowers shall
keep adequate Books and Records with respect to their business activities (which includes the business activities of any Liquidator
JV), including, without limitation, Books and Records relating to all Expenses, in which proper entries, reflecting all financial
transactions, are made in accordance with GAAP. All Expenses shall be documented and available for inspection by   Lender    the
Lenders   or   its    their   representatives. 

Insurance . 

Borrowers shall, at their sole cost and
expense, maintain or cause any Liquidator JV or Merchant to maintain, as the case may be, policies of insurance required to be
maintained (or caused to be maintained) by a Borrower or a Liquidator JV in any applicable Liquidation Sales Agreement, in form
and with insurers acceptable to   Lender    the Lenders  .
In the event any Borrower or any Liquidator JV is to acquire or acquires ownership of any Retail Inventory, Other Assets, or other
Collateral then, prior to acquiring such ownership, Borrowers shall notify   Lender    the
Lenders   and shall maintain policies of insurance with respect thereto satisfactory to   Lender    the
Lenders   in its discretion prior to the acquisition thereof by any Borrower. If requested by   Lender    the
Lenders  , Borrowers shall cause   Lender    the
Lenders   to be named as an additional insured, loss payee, or other similar term under such insurance policies. If Borrowers
at any time or times hereafter shall fail to obtain or maintain, or shall fail to cause any Liquidator JV to obtain or maintain,
any of the policies of insurance required above or to pay all premiums relating thereto,   Lender    the
Lenders   may at any time or times thereafter obtain and maintain such policies of insurance and pay such premiums and
take any other action with respect thereto which   Lender    the
Lenders   deems advisable.   No   Lender shall have   no    an  
obligation to obtain insurance for any Borrower or pay any premiums therefor. In the event   a   Lender
does obtain such insurance or pay any such premiums,   the Applicable   Lender shall not be
deemed to have waived any Default or Event of Default arising from any Borrower s failure to maintain such insurance or pay
any premiums therefor. All sums so disbursed, including attorneys  fees, court costs and other charges related thereto, shall
be payable on demand by Borrowers to   the Applicable   Lender and shall be additional Obligations
hereunder secured by the Collateral and subject to the Great American Guaranty and, to the extent in effect, GA Asset Advisors
Guaranty. 

the Applicable
  Lender reserves the right at any time upon any change in Borrowers  risk profile to require additional forms and
limits of insurance to, in   the Applicable   Lender s reasonable opinion, adequately
protect both   the Applicable   Lender s interests in all or any portion of the Collateral
and to ensure that each Borrower is protected by insurance in amounts and with coverage customary for its industry or the type
of property acquired by Borrowers. If requested by   the Applicable   Lender, Borrowers shall
deliver to   the Applicable   Lender from time to time a report of a reputable insurance broker,
reasonably satisfactory to   the Applicable   Lender, with respect to their insurance policies. 

Borrowers shall deliver to   Lender    the
Lenders  , in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to   Lender    the
Lenders  , endorsements to all policies of insurance naming   Lender    the
Lenders   as loss payee or additional insured, as appropriate, for those policies of insurance under which a Borrower
or a Liquidator JV is named as an insured. Borrowers shall promptly notify   Lender    the
Lenders   of any loss, damage, or destruction to the Retail Inventory, the Other Assets, or any other Collateral, whether
or not covered by insurance. After deducting from such proceeds the expenses, if any, incurred by   Lender    the
Lenders   in the collection or handling thereof,   Lender    the
Lenders   shall apply such proceeds to the reduction of the Obligations in accordance with  Section 2.8 . 

Compliance with Laws . Each Borrower
shall, and shall cause any Liquidator JV to, comply with all federal, state, national, local, and foreign laws and regulations
applicable to it, except to the extent that the failure to comply, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Supplemental Disclosure . From time
to time as may be requested by   Lender    the Lenders  
(which request will not be made more frequently than once each year absent the occurrence and continuance of a Default or an Event
of Default), and upon any Borrower becoming party hereto pursuant to a Borrower Joinder, Borrowers shall supplement each Schedule
hereto, or any representation herein or in any other Loan Document, with respect to any matter hereafter arising which, if existing
or occurring at the date of this Agreement, would have been required to be set forth or described in such Schedule or as an exception
to such representation or which is necessary to correct any information in such Schedule or representation which has been rendered
inaccurate thereby (and, in the case of any supplements to any Schedule, such Disclosure Schedule shall be appropriately marked
to show the changes made therein); provided that (a) no such supplement to any such Disclosure Schedule or representation shall
be or be deemed a waiver of any Default or Event of Default resulting from the matters disclosed therein, except as consented to
by   Lender    the Lenders   in writing; and (b)
no supplement shall be required as to representations and warranties that relate solely to the Restatement Date. 

Intellectual Property . Each Borrower
will conduct, and will cause any Liquidator JV to conduct, its business and affairs without infringement of or interference with
any intellectual property of any other Person. Borrowers shall obtain all intellectual property rights necessary for the conduct
of any Liquidation Sale or to enable Borrowers to purchase and resell any Retail Inventory, Other Assets, or other Collateral purchased
by any Borrower pursuant to a Liquidation Sales Agreement. 

Environmental Matters . Each Borrower
shall and shall cause each Person within its control (including any Liquidator JV) to: (a) conduct its operations and keep and
maintain its property in compliance with all Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits; (b) implement any and all investigation,
remediation, removal and response actions which are appropriate or necessary to comply with Environmental Laws and Environmental
Permits pertaining to the presence, generation, treatment, storage, use, disposal, transportation or Release of any Hazardous Material
on, at, in, under, above, to, from or about any of its property; (c) notify   Lender    the
Lenders   promptly after such Borrower becomes aware of any violation of Environmental Laws or Environmental Permits or
any Release on, at, in, under, above, to, from or about any property; and (d) promptly forward to   Lender    the
Lenders   a copy of any order, notice, request for information or any communication or report received by such Borrower
in connection with any such violation or Release or any other matter relating to any Environmental Laws or Environmental Permits,
in each case whether or not the Environmental Protection Agency or any Governmental Authority has taken or threatened any action
in connection with any such violation, Release or other matter. No Borrower shall be deemed to have a Merchant  within its
control  solely because of the provisions of any Liquidation Sales Agreement. 

Further Assurances . Borrowers agree
that they shall and shall cause any Liquidator JV and Merchant to, at Borrowers  expense and upon request of   Lender    the
Lenders  , duly execute and deliver, or cause to be duly executed and delivered, to   Lender    the
Lenders   such further instruments and do and cause to be done such further acts as may be necessary or proper in the
reasonable opinion of   Lender    the Lenders  
to carry out more effectually the provisions and purposes of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. Without limiting the foregoing,
Borrowers shall take all actions necessary such that (a) any borrower or guarantor under the UK Credit Agreement (including but
not limited to GA Asset Advisors) concurrently with its execution of the UK Credit Agreement, and any other Foreign Credit Party
concurrently with becoming a Foreign Credit Party, shall execute and deliver to   Lender    the
Lenders   such Foreign Security Documents together with a guaranty of the Obligations and any other agreements, legal
opinions, documents and instruments as are required by   Lender    the
Lenders   each in form and substance satisfactory to   Lender    the
Lenders   and (b) the Liens granted to   Lender    the
Lenders   pursuant to the Collateral Documents will at all times be fully perfected first priority Liens in and to the
Collateral described therein, subject, as to priority, only to Permitted Encumbrances with respect to the Collateral. Without limiting
the foregoing, none of the Credit Parties shall, and each of the Credit Parties shall cause their respective Subsidiaries not to,
execute the UK Credit Agreement or any agreements, documents and instruments related thereto unless the Subordination Agreement
is executed by all parties thereto concurrently therewith. 

Liquidation Related Agreements . 

Each Borrower shall comply, and shall cause
each Liquidator JV to comply, with all material terms, provisions and conditions of the Liquidation Sales Agreements and Liquidator
Joint Venture Agreements, and Borrowers shall promptly notify   Lender    the
Lenders   of any breach of or noncompliance with any material terms, provisions, or conditions of any Liquidation Sales
Agreement by the applicable Merchant of which any Borrower has knowledge or of any Liquidator Joint Venture Agreements by any Person
party thereto of which any Borrower has knowledge. 

Contemporaneously with any Borrower s
execution and delivery of any Liquidation Sales Agreement or Liquidator Joint Venture Agreement (or any amendment, modification,
waiver, supplement, or restatement of any of the foregoing), Borrowers shall deliver to   Lender    the
Lenders   a complete copy of such Liquidation Sales Agreement or Liquidator Joint Venture Agreement and a duly executed
Collateral Assignment with respect thereto. 

Investment Proceeds, Etc . The proceeds
of any Investment from any source in any Borrower and any other funds received by any Borrower other than from ordinary course
business operations (including, without limitation, sales or other dispositions of any Borrower s assets other than in the
ordinary course of such Borrower s business, the proceeds from the issuance of any debt or the incurrence of any Indebtedness
by any Borrower other than Indebtedness permitted under  Section 7.4  hereof, any proceeds from the issuance of membership
interests of any Borrower after the date hereof, tax refunds, damage awards, or insurance or condemnation proceeds) shall be deposited
directly into a Collection Account, provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, Borrowers may deposit the Borrower Equity
Amount needed for specific Liquidation Sales directly into a Disbursement Account. 

Immediate Notice to    Lender    the
Lenders  . Borrowers shall provide   Lender    the
Lenders   with written notice promptly upon the occurrence of any of the following events, which written notice shall
state with reasonable particularity the facts and circumstances of the event for which such notice is being given: 

Any change in the Authorized Persons; 

Any cessation by GAG Inc., Great American
or any Borrower of making payments to its creditors generally as the same become due; 

Any failure by GAG Inc., Great American
or any Borrower to pay rent at any location, which failure continues for more than three (3) Business Days following the last day
on which such rent was due; 

Any Material Adverse Effect; 

The occurrence of any Default or Event
of Default or any default or event of default under the UK Credit Agreement (if it is then in effect) or any documents related
thereto; 

Any intention on the part of any Borrower,
GAG Inc. or Great American to discharge any Borrower s, GAG Inc. s or Great American s present independent accountants
or any withdrawal or resignation by such independent accountants from their acting in such capacity; 

Any litigation which, if determined adversely
to any of the Credit Parties, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; 

Any material default or dispute under any
Liquidation Sales Agreement or any Liquidator Joint Venture Agreement; 

Any acquisition or formation of any Subsidiary
of Borrower or any Liquidation Joint Venture involving Borrower; 

The filing or commencement of any action,
suit or proceeding by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or affecting GAG Inc., any Borrower, or any other
Subsidiary of GAG Inc. or any of their assets that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; and 

The filing of any motion to convert a chapter
11 proceeding of a Merchant under the Bankruptcy Code to a proceeding under chapter 7 thereof, application for relief from an automatic
stay by any creditor of a Merchant in any case involving such Merchant under the Bankruptcy Code, or any other request for relief
under the Bankruptcy Code or any other Debtor Relief Law which, if granted by the applicable court or other Governmental Authority,
could suspend, terminate, interrupt, or otherwise impede any Liquidation Sale. 

Solvency . The Credit Parties at
all times shall be and remain in compliance with  Section 4.19  hereof. 

Tax Matters . 

Each Borrower shall duly and timely file,
or cause to be duly and timely filed, all Tax Returns required to be filed by it in respect of Taxes, and duly and timely pay,
or cause to be duly and timely paid, all Taxes due and payable by it as required by applicable Law, including all Taxes assessed,
reassessed or for which a demand for payment is made by any Governmental Authority, except when and so long as the validity of
any such Taxes is being contested in good faith by it or any other Person on its behalf through appropriate proceedings and adequate
provisions for such Taxes have been made in its financial statements in accordance with GAAP. 

Subject to  Section 2.13 , each Borrower
shall duly and timely withhold, or cause to be duly and timely withheld, all material Taxes required to be withheld by it in accordance
with applicable Law from any amount paid, or credited, or deemed to be paid or credited by it to or for the account of any Person
(including any employees, officers or any non-resident Person), and shall duly and timely remit, or cause to be duly and timely
remitted, to the appropriate Governmental Authority such Taxes required by applicable Law to be remitted by it. 

Each Borrower shall not fail to pay any
Taxes or other amounts which would result in a Lien (other than a Permitted Encumbrance) on any Collateral. 

Each Borrower shall, upon written request,
furnish to   Lender    the Lenders   evidence
satisfactory to   Lender    the Lenders   that
such Borrower has paid such Taxes in each jurisdiction in which Borrower is required to pay such Taxes. 

Borrower s Activities . 

No Borrower shall engage in any activity
except for: 

conducting Liquidation Sales that are at
least partially funded with Liquidation Borrowings from   the Applicable   Lender and other
activities reasonably incidental thereto; or 

becoming a member of a Liquidator JV for
the purpose of conducting Liquidation Sales that are at least partially funded with Liquidation Borrowings from   the
Applicable   Lender and other activities reasonably incidental thereto. 

No Borrower shall, nor shall GAG Inc. or
Great American cause or permit any Borrower to, enter into any Liquidation Sales Agreement or Liquidator Joint Venture Agreements,
unless such Borrower s obligations thereunder are at least partially financed by Liquidation Borrowings from   the
Applicable   Lender (and no other Indebtedness of a Borrower). 

Until the Revolving Credit Termination
Date, the Credit Parties agree that no Credit Party nor any of their Affiliates shall conduct any going out of business, liquidation
or store closing sales with respect to any Retail Inventory or Other Assets of a Merchant which if conducted by a Borrower (or
any Liquidator JV of which a Borrower is a joint venturer) would be a Liquidation Sale or enter into any agreement with any Person
that, if entered into by a Borrower, would be a Liquidation Sales Agreement or Liquidator Joint Venture Agreement, unless: 

the  Guaranteed Amount  or
 Purchase Price  (as such terms are defined in the applicable agency or purchase agreement) is less than $7,500,000
and not funded from the proceeds of any Indebtedness incurred by any Credit Party except, directly or indirectly (as in the form
of an advance from GAG Inc. or Great American to any of its Subsidiaries other than a Borrower), from the proceeds of the Parent
Working Capital Facility; or 

GAG Inc., Great American or any of their
respective Subsidiaries (other than a Borrower), funds its obligations with respect to the  Guaranteed Amount  or  Purchase
Price  (as such terms are defined in the applicable agency or purchase agreement) out of GAG Inc. s, Great American s
or such Subsidiary s cash resources without the use of any Indebtedness (including any Indebtedness derived from the
Parent Working Capital Facility); or 

a Borrower has presented   the
Applicable   Lender with a Liquidation Loan Proposal for such proposed Liquidation Sale, and  
the Applicable   Lender has determined that it will not provide Revolving Credit Advances, Letters of Credit, or has offered
alternate terms therefor which such Borrower has rejected, all in a manner consistent with the requirements of  Section 2.1(f) . 

Nothing contained in this Section 6.15
or elsewhere in this Agreement shall prevent GAG Inc., Great American or any other Affiliate or Subsidiary thereof (other than
a Borrower) from engaging in any activities related to the liquidation of any real property, personal property or other property
of a Person other than a Merchant or an Affiliate thereof that in the ordinary course of its business sells Retail Inventory, including
the conducting of a liquidation sale of such real property, personal property or other property and issuing any guarantees in connection
therewith. 

Applications under the
CCAA and BIA. Each Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries acknowledges that its business and financial relationships with the Lenders
is unique from its relationship with any other of its creditors. Each Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries agrees that it shall
not file any plan of arrangement under the CCAA or proposal under the BIA which provides for, or would permit, directly or indirectly,
the Lenders to be classified with any other creditors of such Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries for purposes of such CCAA plan
of arrangement, BIA proposal or otherwise.   

NEGATIVE COVENANTS 

Each Borrower agrees
that, without the prior written consent of   Lender    the
Lenders  , from and after the date hereof until the Termination Date, Borrowers shall comply with each of the following
covenants: 

Mergers, Subsidiaries, Etc.  No Borrower
shall directly or indirectly, by operation of law or otherwise, (a) form or acquire any Subsidiary, (b) merge with,   amalgamate
with,   consolidate with, acquire all or substantially all of the assets or capital stock of, or otherwise combine with
or acquire, any Person; provided, that, the acquisition of any assets by a Borrower in connection with any Liquidation Sale pursuant
to the Liquidation Sales Agreements shall not be violation of this covenant, or (c) liquidate, wind up, or dissolve itself (or
suffer any liquidation or dissolution). 

Liquidation Related Agreements .
No Borrower shall amend, modify, supplement, waive, or assent to noncompliance with any material term, provision or condition of
any Liquidation Sales Agreements or any Liquidator Joint Venture Agreement without   Lender s    the
Lenders    prior written consent. 

Investments, Loans and Advances .
No Borrower shall make or permit to exist any Investment in, or make, accrue or permit to exist loans or advances of money to,
any Person, through the direct or indirect lending of money, holding of securities or otherwise except that, so long as no Default
or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, Borrowers may collectively make Investments up to $2,000,000 in the
aggregate, subject to Control Agreements in favor of   Lender    the
Lenders   or otherwise subject to a perfected security interest in favor of   Lender    the
Lenders  , in (i) marketable direct obligations issued or unconditionally guaranteed by the United States of America  ,
the federal government of Canada   or any agency thereof maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof,
(ii) certificates of deposit, maturing no more than one year from the date of creation thereof, issued by commercial banks incorporated
under the laws of the United States of America   or Canada  , each having combined capital,
surplus and undivided profits of not less than $300,000,000 and having a senior secured rating of  A  or better by
a nationally recognized rating agency (an  A Rated Bank ), and (iii) time deposits, maturing no more than 30 days from
the date of creation thereof with A Rated Banks. Notwithstanding the foregoing, so long as no Default or Event of Default shall
have occurred or be continuing, Retail shall be permitted to make: (i) a one-time investment on or about the Third Amendment Effective
Date in the form of the Target L/C, and, (ii) a one-time investment on or about the Fifth Amendment Effective Date in the form
of the Jones L/C, in both cases, so long as such Letter of Credit is fully cash collateralized in such amounts as may be requested
by the   Lender    Lenders  . 

Indebtedness . No Borrower shall
create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness or liabilities, other than (i) the Liquidation Borrowings and the other
Obligations, (ii) deferred Taxes (so long as no Default or Event of Default would occur or occurs as a result thereof); (iii) obligations
arising under or in relation to Liquidation Sales Agreements or Liquidator Joint Venture Agreements; and (iv) Indebtedness owed
to Great American in an amount not to exceed $1,000,000 in the aggregate and incurred solely in connection with services provided
by Great American or one of its Affiliates. 

Affiliate Transactions . Except as
otherwise permitted under Section 7.4(iv), no Borrower shall enter into or be a party to any transaction with any Affiliate; provided
that, a Borrower, subject to and with funds received by Borrower in accordance with Section 2.8, may (a) make payments to Great
American so long as such payments are not Restricted Payments (unless otherwise allowed hereunder) and are limited to the reimbursement
of actual out-of-pocket expenses consistent with the Budget for any Liquidation Sale and (b) make payments to its other Affiliates
so long as such payments are limited to the payment or reimbursement of such Affiliates  actual, out of pocket costs and
expenses (without any mark-up or profit) related to providing goods or services which relate to a Liquidation Sale. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, in connection with any Liquidation Sale where Borrower is required to post
an Expense L/C, Borrower, at its discretion, shall have the right to satisfy such requirement either through (a) a Letter of Credit
Obligations hereunder, or (b) Great American causing a letter of credit to be issued through the Parent Capital Working Facility
provided that Borrower shall not incur any Indebtedness with respect to such letter of credit. 

Capital Structure and Business .
No Borrower shall (a) make any changes in any of its business objectives or purposes, or any material change in its operations,
(b) make any change in its capital structure as described in  Section 4.8  or (c) form any Restricted Subsidiary that does
not promptly execute a Borrower Joinder. 

Guaranteed Indebtedness . No Borrower
shall create, incur, assume or permit to exist any obligation to guaranty any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person
in any manner except by endorsement of instruments or items of payment for deposit to the general account of Borrowers. 

Liens . No Borrower shall create,
incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on or with respect to the any of its properties or assets (whether now owned or hereafter
acquired) except (i) Liens in favor of (or assigned to)   Lender    the
Lenders   pursuant to the Loan Documents, (ii) Liens for taxes not yet due (iii) potential or actual retention of title
claims known to a Borrower, disclosed in writing to   Lender    the
Lenders   and reasonably acceptable to   Lender    the
Lenders  , in relation to the assets of a Merchant which are the subject of Liquidation Sales conducted outside of the
US and Canada, (iv) materialmen s, mechanic s, workmen s, repairmen s or other like Liens arising
in the ordinary course of business securing obligations that are not overdue and (v) to the extent the UK Credit Agreement
is in effect, Liens in favor of Burdale pursuant to the UK Credit Agreement and related documents (which Liens shall be subordinate
to the Liens in favor of   Lender    the Lenders  
pursuant to the terms set forth in the Subordination Agreement) (collectively,   Permitted Encumbrances  ). In
addition, no Borrower shall become a party to any agreement, note, indenture or instrument, or take any other action, that would
prohibit the creation of a Lien on any of its properties or other assets in favor of   Lender    the
Lenders   as additional collateral for the Obligations. 

Sale of Membership Interests and Assets .
No Borrower shall sell, transfer, convey, assign or otherwise dispose of any of its properties or other assets, including any membership
interest (whether in a public or a private offering or otherwise), other than the sale of Retail Inventory or Other Assets in Liquidation
Sales pursuant to the Liquidation Sales Agreements. With respect to any disposition of assets or other properties in connection
with any Liquidation Sale pursuant to the respective Liquidation Sales Agreements,   Lender agrees    the
Lenders agree   to release   its    their  
Lien on such assets or other properties in order to permit Borrowers to effect such disposition and shall execute and deliver to
Borrowers, at Borrowers  expense, appropriate UCC-3 termination statements  , PPSA termination
statements   and other releases as reasonably requested by Borrowers. 

ERISA . No Borrower shall cause or
permit any ERISA Affiliate to cause or permit to occur an event which could result in the imposition of a Lien under Section 412
of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 302 or 4068 of ERISA. 

Hazardous Materials . No Borrower
shall cause nor, to the extent its permission or acquiescence is sought or required, permit a Release of any Hazardous Material
on, at, in, under, above, to, from or about any of the real estate upon which any Liquidation Sale is being held, where such Release
would (a) violate in any respect, or form the basis for any Environmental Liabilities under, any Environmental Laws or Environmental
Permits or (b) otherwise adversely impact the value or marketability of any of the Collateral, Retail Inventory, or Other Assets,
other than such violations or impacts which could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Sale-Leasebacks . No Borrower shall
engage in any sale-leaseback, synthetic lease or similar transaction involving any assets. 

Cancellation of Indebtedness . No
Borrower shall cancel any claim or debt owing to it, except for reasonable consideration negotiated on an arm s-length basis
and in the ordinary course of its business. 

Restricted Payments . No Borrower
shall, directly or indirectly, (i) declare, order, pay or make any Restricted Payment or (ii) set aside any sum or property therefor,
except  : (A)   Borrowers may make payments to Great American of Amounts received
by Borrowers in connection with a Liquidation Sale pursuant to Section 2.8(a)(xiv) and the last sentence of Section 2.8  ,
and (B) so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, upon either the return of the Target L/C undrawn
or payment in full of all applicable Letter of Credit Obligations related thereto, Retail shall be permitted to use any amounts
received by it from GA Retail Canada, ULC therefrom and any cash collateral amounts released directly to Retail therefrom to make
Restricted Payments in such amounts as is necessary to redeem the preferred shares of Capital Stock of Retail owned by B. Riley
and to make dividends of any remaining amounts to Great American and, in connection with the redemption, to B. Riley.     .   

Change of Company Name or Location;
Change of Fiscal Year . No Borrower shall (a) change its name, or (b) change its chief executive office, principal place of
business, other business offices, warehouses or other locations, or the location of its records concerning the Collateral, in any
case without at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to   Lender    the
Lenders   and after completing or taking any reasonable action requested by   Lender    the
Lenders   in connection therewith, including to continue the perfection of any Liens in favor of   Lender    the
Lenders   in any Collateral, and provided that any such new location shall be in the continental United States  
or Canada  . Without limiting the foregoing, no Borrower shall change its name, identity or structure in any manner which
might make any financing   statement, financing change statement   or continuation statement
filed in connection herewith insufficient or inadequate to comply with the requirements of Section 9-503   of the Code  ,
the filing requirements of the PPSA   or any other then applicable provision of the Code except upon prior written notice
to   Lender    the Lenders   and after completing
or taking any reasonable action requested by   Lender    the
Lenders   in connection therewith, including to continue the perfection of any Liens in favor of   Lender    the
Lenders   in any Collateral. No Borrower shall change, nor suffer or permit Great American or GAG Inc. to change, its
Fiscal year. 

No Speculative Transactions . No
Borrower shall engage in any transaction involving commodity options, futures contracts or similar transactions. 

Leases . No Borrower shall enter
into any lease for real or personal property. 

Change of Control . No Borrower shall
cause, permit, or suffer, directly or indirectly, any Change of Control with respect to any Borrower. 

Accounting Methods . No Borrower
shall modify or change its method of accounting (other than as may be required to conform to GAAP) or enter into, modify, or terminate
any agreement currently existing, or at any time hereafter entered into with any third party accounting firm or service bureau
for the preparation or storage of any Borrower s accounting records without said accounting firm or service bureau agreeing
to provide   Lender    the Lenders   information
regarding the Collateral and each Borrower s financial condition. 

Suspension . No Borrower shall suspend
or go out of a substantial portion of any of its business. 

Benefit Plans . No Borrower nor any
ERISA Affiliate shall maintain or contribute to any Benefit Plan.      

Preferred Stock . GAG Inc. agrees
not to issue any Capital Stock to any Person that would constitute  Preferred Stock  as defined and described in GAG
Inc. s Certificate of Incorporation filed with the State of Delaware on May 7, 2009, without providing   Lender    the
Lenders   with at least 30 days advance written notice thereof, together with copies of all documents, certificates, and
agreements to be issued by GAG Inc. or any other Person in connection with such issuance. 

Canadian Pension Plans.
No Borrower shall contribute to or assume an obligation to contribute to any Canadian Pension Plan that has a  defined benefit 
provisions as such term is defined in the  Income Tax Act  (Canada).  

TERM 

Termination . The financing arrangements
contemplated hereby shall be in effect until the Revolving Credit Termination Date, and any then outstanding Obligations shall
be automatically due and payable in full on such date. 

Survival of Obligations Upon Termination
of Financing Arrangements . Except as otherwise expressly provided for in the Loan Documents, no termination or cancellation
(regardless of cause or procedure) of any financing arrangement under this Agreement shall in any way affect or impair the obligations,
duties and liabilities of any Borrower or the rights of   Lender    the
Lenders   relating to any unpaid portion of the Obligations, due or not due, liquidated, contingent or unliquidated or
any transaction or event occurring prior to such termination, or any transaction or event, the performance of which is required
after the Revolving Credit Termination Date. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein or in any other Loan Document, all undertakings,
agreements, covenants, warranties and representations of or binding upon any Borrower, and all rights of   Lender    the
Lenders  , all as contained in the Loan Documents, shall not terminate or expire, but rather shall survive any such termination
or cancellation and shall continue in full force and effect until the Termination Date; provided, however that in all events the
provisions of  Section 11 , the payment of obligations under  Sections 2.11  and  2.13 , and the indemnities contained
in the Loan Documents shall survive the Termination Date. 

EVENTS OF DEFAULT; RIGHTS AND REMEDIES 

Events of Default . The occurrence
of any one or more of the following events (regardless of the reason therefor) shall constitute an   Event of Default  
hereunder: 

Any Borrower (i) shall fail to make any
payment of principal of any Revolving Credit Advance or any of the other Obligations when due and payable, (ii) shall fail to make
any payment of interest or any Fee when due and payable and the same remains unremedied for more than one (1) Business Day, or
(iii) fails to pay or reimburse   the Applicable   Lender for any expense reimbursable hereunder
or under any other Loan Document within ten (10) Business Days following such Borrower s receipt of   the
Applicable   Lender s written demand for such reimbursement or payment of expenses. 

Any Borrower shall fail or neglect to perform,
keep or observe any of the provisions of  Sections 2.2 ,  2.6 ,  6.4  or  7 . 

Any Borrower shall fail or neglect to perform,
keep or observe any of the provisions of  Section 5 , and the same shall remain unremedied for more than five (5) Business
Days. 

Any Borrower shall fail or neglect to perform,
keep or observe any other provision of this Agreement or of any of the other Loan Documents (other than any provision embodied
in or covered by any other clause of this  Section 9 ) and such failure continues after the earlier of (i) three (3)
Business Days after such Borrower shall receive written notice of any such failure from   the Applicable
  Lender or (ii) five (5) Business Days after such Borrower shall become aware thereof. 

Any representation or warranty herein or
in any Loan Document or in any written statement, report, financial statement or certificate made or delivered to   the
Applicable   Lender by any Borrower shall be untrue or incorrect in any material respect as of the date when made or deemed
made. 

Any assets of any Borrower shall be attached,
seized, levied upon or subjected to a writ or distress warrant, or come within the possession of any receiver, trustee, custodian
or assignee for the benefit of creditors of any Borrower. 

An Insolvency Proceeding shall be commenced
by GAG Inc., Great American or any Borrower. 

An Insolvency Proceeding shall be commenced
against GAG Inc., Great American or any Borrower and any of the following events occur: (i) such Person consents to the institution
of the Insolvency Proceeding against it, (ii) the petition commencing the Insolvency Proceeding is not timely controverted, (iii)
the petition commencing the Insolvency Proceeding is not dismissed within forty-five (45) days of the date of the filing thereof,
(iv) an interim trustee   or received   is appointed to take possession of all or any substantial
portion of the properties or assets of, or to operate all or any substantial portion of the business of such Person, or (v) an
order for relief shall have been entered therein. 

A notice of Lien, levy, or assessment shall
be filed of record with respect to the assets of GAG Inc. or Great American valued in the aggregate in excess of $100,000 or any
asset of a Borrower by the United States  , Canada   or any department, agency, or instrumentality
thereof, or by any state,   province, territory,   county, municipal, or governmental agency,
or any other Governmental Authority and with respect to GAG Inc. and Great American the same is not discharged within ten (10)
Business Days of the date of such filing and with respect to a Borrower the same is not discharged within two (2) Business Days
of the date of such filing, or if any taxes or debts owing at any time hereafter to any one or more of such entities becomes a
Lien, whether choate or otherwise, upon such entities  assets and the same is not paid on the payment date thereof. 

A final judgment or judgments for the payment
of money involving an aggregate amount of (i) $100,000 or more shall be rendered against any Borrower or (ii) $2,000,000
or more shall be rendered against GAG Inc. or Great American and in each case the same shall not, within thirty (30) days after
the entry thereof, have been discharged or execution thereof stayed or bonded pending appeal, or shall not have been discharged
prior to the expiration of any such stay. 

Any material provision of any Loan Document
shall for any reason cease to be valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms (or any Borrower, GAG Inc., or Great
American, as the case may be, shall challenge the enforceability of any Loan Document or shall assert in writing, or engage in
any action or inaction based on any such assertion, that any provision of any of the Loan Documents has ceased to be or otherwise
is not valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms), or any security interest created under any Loan Document shall
cease to be a valid and perfected first priority security interest or Lien (except as otherwise permitted herein or therein) in
any of the Collateral purported to be covered thereby, unless such security interests cease to be a valid and perfected first priority
security interest or Lien in the Collateral solely by reason of   any   Lender s act
or failure to act. 

GAG Inc., Great American or any Borrower
shall be enjoined, restrained, or in any way prevented by court order or otherwise from continuing to conduct all or any material
part of its business affairs. 

There shall be a default in any other agreement
material to the operations of the business of any Borrower or Great American and such default (i) shall occur at the final maturity
of the obligations thereunder or (ii) shall result in a right by the other party thereto, irrespective of whether exercised, to
accelerate the maturity of such Borrower s or Great American s obligations thereunder, to terminate such agreement,
or to refuse to renew such agreement pursuant to an automatic renewal right therein. 

Any material misstatement or misrepresentation
shall exist in any warranty, representation, statement, or Record made to   Lender    the
Lenders   by any Borrower, Great American, or any officer, employee, agent, director (or comparable manager) of any Borrower
or Great American on behalf of any Borrower or Great American. 

There shall occur an event of default or
any other material breach under the Great American Guaranty or, if the GA Asset Advisors Guaranty is in effect, the GA Asset Advisors
Guaranty (after taking into account any applicable notice and cure provisions related thereto), provided that, with respect to
the GA Asset Advisors Guaranty (if it is then in effect),   the Applicable   Lender has given
Borrower written notice of such event of default or other material breach. 

There shall occur a Change of Control. 

There shall occur an indictment of, or
institution of any legal process or proceeding against, GAG Inc., Great American or any Borrower, or any member, officer, director,
or senior manager of GAG Inc., Great American or any Borrower, where the relief, penalties or remedies sought or available include
the forfeiture of any property of GAG Inc., Great American or any Borrower and/or the imposition of any stay or other order, the
effect of which could be to restrain in any material way the conduct by GAG Inc., Great American or any Borrower of its business
in the ordinary course or would otherwise result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

There shall occur an event of default or
any other material breach by any Person party to any Liquidator Joint Venture Agreement, Liquidation Sales Agreement, Agency Agreement
or Purchase Agreement (after taking into account any applicable notice and cure provisions related thereto). Any Expense L/C required
under any Liquidation Sales Agreement shall not be issued when and as required by such Liquidation Sales Agreement, or shall be
cancelled, terminated, or shall be permitted to expire except in accordance with the terms of any Liquidation Sales Agreement. 

If the UK Credit Agreement is in effect,
there shall occur an event of default or any other material breach under the UK Credit Agreement or any related documents (after
taking into account any applicable notice and cure provisions related thereto), provided that   the
Applicable   Lender has given Borrower written notice of such event of default or other material breach. 

There shall occur any other event that
has a Material Adverse Effect. 

Remedies . Upon the occurrence, and
during the continuation, of an Event of Default,   Lender    the
Lenders   may exercise any of the rights and remedies of a secured party under the Code and any other rights and remedies
provided for in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise available to it at Law or in equity, such rights and remedies
to include, without limitation, the following, all of which are authorized by each Borrower: 

If any Default or Event of Default shall
have occurred and be continuing,   Lender    the Lenders  
may without notice suspend this facility with respect to further Revolving Credit Advances and the incurrence of further Letter
of Credit Obligations whereupon any further Revolving Credit Advances and Letter of Credit Obligations shall be made or extended
in   Lender s    the Lenders    sole
discretion so long as such Default or Event of Default is continuing. 

If any Event of Default shall have occurred
and be continuing,   Lender    the Lenders   may,
without notice, (i) terminate this facility with respect to further Revolving Credit Advances and the incurrence of further Letter
of Credit Obligations; (ii) except as otherwise expressly provided herein, increase the rate of interest and Letter of Credit Fees
applicable to the Obligations to the Default Rate; (iii) declare all or any portion of the Obligations, including all or any portion
of any Liquidation Borrowing to be forthwith due and payable, and require that the Letter of Credit Obligations be cash collateralized
as provided in  Annex B , all without presentment, demand, protest or further notice of any kind, all of which are expressly
waived by Borrowers; and (iv) exercise any rights and remedies provided to   Lender    the
Lenders   under the Loan Documents and/or at Law or equity, including all remedies provided under the Code; provided,
that upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in  Sections 9.1 (f) ,  (g)  or  (h) , all of the Obligations,
including all portions of the Revolving Loan, shall become immediately due and payable without declaration, notice or demand by
any Person. 

If any Event of Default shall have occurred
and be continuing and if   Lender determines    the Lenders
determine   that any Borrower is unwilling or unable to conduct any Liquidation Sale as required under a Liquidation Sales
Agreement, then   Lender    the Lenders   may
assume control of, and conduct and complete, or appoint an agent to assume control of, conduct, and complete, such Liquidation
Sale pursuant to the terms of such Liquidation Sales Agreement. 

If any Event of Default shall have occurred
and be continuing,   Lender    the Lenders   may,
without notice to any Borrower (such notice being expressly waived), and without constituting a retention of any collateral in
satisfaction of an obligation (within the meaning of the Code), set off and apply to the Obligations any and all (i) balances and
deposits of any Borrower held by   Lender    the Lenders  
or any Affiliate thereof (including any amounts received in the Cash Management Accounts), or (ii) Indebtedness at any time owing
to or for the credit or the account of any Borrower held by   Lender    the
Lenders   or any Affiliate thereof. 

If any Event of Default shall have occurred
and be continuing,   Lender    the Lenders   may:
(i) hold, as cash collateral, any and all balances and deposits of any Borrower held by   Lender    the
Lenders  , and any amounts received in the Cash Management Accounts, to secure the full and final repayment of all of
the Obligations; (ii) instruct each Cash Management Bank and any other depositary with whom a DDA subject to a Control Agreement
is maintained, to pay any and all balances and deposits in the applicable Cash Management Account or other DDA to Lender s
Account. 

Remedies Cumulative . The rights
and remedies of   Lender    the Lenders   under
this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and all other agreements shall be cumulative and may be exercised simultaneously.   Each
  Lender shall have all other rights and remedies not inconsistent herewith as provided under the Code, by Law, or in
equity. No exercise by   Lender    the Lenders  
of one right or remedy shall be deemed an election, and no waiver by   Lender    the
Lenders   of any Event of Default shall be deemed a continuing waiver. No delay by   Lender    the
Lenders   shall constitute a waiver, election, or acquiescence by it. 

Waivers by Borrower . Except as otherwise
provided for in this Agreement or by applicable Law, each Borrower waives: (a) presentment, demand and protest and notice of presentment,
dishonor, notice of intent to accelerate, notice of acceleration, protest, default, nonpayment, maturity, release, compromise,
settlement, extension or renewal of any or all commercial paper, accounts, contract rights, documents, instruments, chattel paper
and guaranties at any time held by   Lender    the Lenders  
on which such Borrower may in any way be liable, and hereby ratifies and confirms whatever   Lender    the
Lenders   may do in this regard, (b) all rights to notice and a hearing prior to   any   Lender s
taking possession or control of, or to   such   Lender s replevy, attachment or levy
upon, the Collateral or any bond or security which might be required by any court prior to allowing   the
such   Lender to exercise any of its remedies, and (c) the benefit of all valuation, appraisal and exemption laws. 

SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS 

This Agreement and the other Loan Documents
shall be binding on and shall inure to the benefit of each Borrower,   Lender    the
Lenders   and their respective successors and assigns (including a debtor-in-possession on behalf of any Borrower), except
as otherwise provided herein or therein.       

No Borrower
shall assign, transfer, hypothecate or otherwise convey its rights, benefits, obligations or duties hereunder or under any of the
other Loan Documents without the prior express written consent of Lender.     No Borrower
shall assign, transfer, hypothecate or otherwise convey its rights, benefits, obligations or duties hereunder or under any of the
other Loan Documents without the prior express written consent of the Lenders.   Any such purported assignment, transfer,
hypothecation or other conveyance by any Borrower without the prior express written consent of   Lender    the
Lenders   shall be void. 

Each   Lender
(  Assignor  ) may assign and delegate to one or more assignees (each, an   Assignee  ) all,
or any ratable part of all, of the Obligations and the other rights and obligations of the Assignor hereunder and under the other
Loan Documents (except that any documents or agreements concerning Bank Products may only be assigned in accordance with their
terms);  provided ,  however , that Borrowers may continue to deal solely and directly with such Assignor in connection
with the interest so assigned to an Assignee until (a) written notice of such assignment, together with payment instructions, addresses,
and related information with respect to the Assignee, have been given to Borrowers and (b) the Assignor and its Assignee have delivered
to Borrowers an Assignment and Acceptance substantially in the form of  Exhibit 10.3  hereto  .    .

The terms and provisions of this Agreement
are for the purpose of defining the relative rights and obligations of Borrowers and   Lender    the
Lenders   with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby and no Person shall be a third party beneficiary of any
of the terms and provisions of this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents  .    .   

MISCELLANEOUS 

Complete Agreement; Modification of
Agreement . This Agreement, together with the other Loan Documents constitute the complete agreement between the parties with
respect to the subject matter thereof and shall not be contradicted or qualified by any other agreement, oral or written, before
the date hereof. This Agreement may not be modified, altered or amended except as set forth in  Section 11.2  below. 

Amendments . No amendment, modification,
or termination of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any consent to any departure by any Borrower therefrom,
shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by   Lender    the
Lenders   and the Credit Party who is a party to this Agreement or such Loan Document (as applicable). 

Releases . Upon indefeasible payment
in full in cash and performance of all of the Obligations (other than indemnification Obligations under  Section 2.11 ), termination
of the this Agreement and a release of all claims against   Lender    the
Lenders  , and so long as no suits, actions proceedings, or claims are pending or threatened against any Indemnified Person
asserting any damages, losses or liabilities that are Indemnified Liabilities,   Lender    the
Lenders   shall deliver to Borrowers termination statements, mortgage releases and other documents necessary or appropriate
to evidence the termination of the Liens securing payment of the Obligations. 

Fees and Expenses . 

Borrowers jointly and severally agree to
pay from time to time on demand all costs of collection, Lender Expenses and all reasonable costs, expenses, and disbursements
(including reasonable attorneys  fees and expenses) which are incurred by   Lender    the
Lenders   in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution, administration and delivery of this Agreement and
of any other Loan Documents, and all other reasonable costs, expenses, and disbursements which may be incurred in connection with
or in respect to the credit facility contemplated hereby or which otherwise are incurred with respect to the Obligations. 

Borrowers jointly and severally agree to
pay from time to time on demand all Lender Expenses (including reasonable attorneys  fees and reasonable attorneys 
expenses) incurred by   Lender    the Lenders  ,
following the occurrence of any Event of Default. 

Each Borrower authorizes   Lender    the
Lenders   to pay all such fees and expenses, and in   Lender s    the
Lenders    discretion, to add such fees and expenses to the Loan Account. 

The undertaking on the part of Borrowers
in this  Section 11.4  shall survive payment of the Obligations and/or any termination, release, or discharge executed by
  Lender    the Lenders   in favor of any Borrower,
other than a termination, release, or discharge which makes specific reference to this  Section 11.4.  

Tax and Expenses . If any Borrower
fails to pay any monies (whether taxes, assessments, insurance premiums, or, in the case of leased properties or assets, rents
or other amounts payable under such leases) due to third Persons, or fails to make any deposits or furnish any required proof of
payment or deposit, all as required under the terms of this Agreement, then,   the Applicable   Lender,
in its sole discretion and without prior notice to any Borrower, may do any or all of the following: (a) make payment of the same
or any part thereof, or (b) in the case of the failure to comply with  Section 6.4  hereof, obtain and maintain insurance
policies of the type described in  Section 6.4  and take any action with respect to such policies as   the
Applicable   Lender deems prudent. Any such amounts paid by   the Applicable   Lender
shall constitute Lender Expenses and any such payments shall not constitute an agreement by   the Applicable
  Lender to make similar payments in the future or a waiver by   the Applicable   Lender
of any Event of Default under this Agreement.    Each   Lender need not inquire as to, or contest
the validity of, any such expense, tax, or Lien and the receipt of the usual official notice for the payment thereof shall be conclusive
evidence that the same was validly due and owing. 

No Waiver .   The
Applicable   Lender s failure, at any time or times, to require strict performance by any Borrower of any provision
of this Agreement and any of the other Loan Documents shall not waive, affect or diminish any right of   the
Applicable   Lender thereafter to demand strict compliance and performance therewith. Any suspension or waiver of an Event
of Default shall not suspend, waive or affect any other Event of Default whether the same is prior or subsequent thereto and whether
the same or of a different type. None of the undertakings, agreements, warranties, covenants and representations of any Borrower
contained in this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents and no Default or Event of Default by any Borrower shall be deemed
to have been suspended or waived by   the Applicable   Lender, unless such waiver or suspension
is by an instrument in writing signed by an officer of or other authorized employee of   the Applicable
  Lender and directed to Borrowers specifying such suspension or waiver. 

Remedies .   Each
  Lender s and the Credit Parties  respective rights and remedies under this Agreement shall be cumulative
and nonexclusive of any other rights and remedies which   the Applicable   Lender or any Credit
Party may have under any other agreement, including the other Loan Documents, by operation of Law or otherwise. Recourse to the
Collateral shall not be required. 

Severability . Wherever possible,
each provision of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be interpreted in such a manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable Law, but if any provision of this Agreement shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable Law, such provision
shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provision or the
remaining provisions of this Agreement. 

Conflict of Terms . Except as otherwise
provided in this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents by specific reference to the applicable provisions of this Agreement,
if any provision contained in this Agreement is in conflict with, or inconsistent with, any provision in any of the other Loan
Documents, the provision contained in this Agreement shall govern and control. 

Confidentiality .   Each
  Lender agrees to use reasonable efforts (equivalent to the efforts   such   Lender
applies to maintain as confidential its own confidential information) to maintain as confidential all information provided to it
by Borrowers and/or any other Credit Party and/or their Affiliates and designated as confidential;  provided , that   each
  Lender may disclose such information (a) to Persons employed or engaged by   such  
Lender in evaluating, approving, structuring or administering the Liquidation Borrowings and the credit facility evidenced by the
Loan Documents; (b) to any bona fide participant or potential participant that has agreed to comply with the covenant contained
in this  Section 11.10  (and any such bona fide participant or potential participant may disclose such information to Persons
employed or engaged by them as described in  clause (a)  above); (c) as required or requested by any Governmental Authority
or reasonably believed by   such   Lender to be compelled by any court decree, subpoena or
legal or administrative order or process; (d) as, in the opinion of   such   Lender s
counsel, required by Law; (e) in connection with the exercise of any right or remedy under the Loan Documents or in connection
with any litigation to which   such   Lender is a party, or (f) which ceases to be confidential
through no fault of   such   Lender.    Each   Lender may
at any time destroy any documents containing such confidential information. 

CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE .   

THE VALIDITY OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THE
OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (UNLESS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED TO THE CONTRARY IN ANOTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN RESPECT OF SUCH OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT),
THE CONSTRUCTION, INTERPRETATION, AND ENFORCEMENT HEREOF AND THEREOF, AND THE RIGHTS OF THE PARTIES HERETO AND THERETO WITH RESPECT
TO ALL MATTERS ARISING HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER OR RELATED HERETO OR THERETO SHALL BE DETERMINED UNDER, GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED
IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS.  

THE PARTIES AGREE THAT ALL ACTIONS OR
PROCEEDINGS ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS SHALL BE TRIED AND LITIGATED ONLY IN THE STATE
AND FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN THE COUNTY OF SUFFOLK, COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,  PROVIDED ,  HOWEVER , THAT ANY SUIT
SEEKING ENFORCEMENT AGAINST ANY COLLATERAL OR OTHER PROPERTY MAY BE BROUGHT, AT LENDER S OPTION, IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION
WHERE LENDER ELECTS TO BRING SUCH ACTION OR WHERE SUCH COLLATERAL OR OTHER PROPERTY MAY BE FOUND. BORROWERS WAIVE, TO THE EXTENT
PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT EACH MAY HAVE TO ASSERT THE DOCTRINE OF  FORUM   NON   CONVENIENS  OR
TO OBJECT TO VENUE TO THE EXTENT ANY PROCEEDING IS BROUGHT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS  SECTION 11.11(b) .   

Notices . Unless otherwise provided
in this Agreement, all notices or demands by any Borrower or   Lender    the
Lenders   to the other relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be in writing and (except for financial
statements and other informational documents which may be sent by first-class mail, postage prepaid) shall be personally delivered
or sent by registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested), overnight courier, electronic mail (at such
email addresses as Borrowers or   Lender    the Lenders  ,
as applicable, may designate to each other in accordance herewith), or telefacsimile (with a confirming receipt from the sending
machine) to Borrowers or to   Lender    the Lenders  ,
as the case may be, at its address set forth below: 

If to any 

Credit Party:  Great American Group WF, LLC 

21860 Burbank, Boulevard 

 Suite 300 South 

 Woodland Hills, CA 91367 

 Attn: Phillip Ahn, Chief Financial
Officer 

 Fax No.: (818) 746-9921 

 Email: pahn@greatamerican.com 

With copies 

in all cases to:    Great American Group    B.
Riley Financial  , Inc. 

Nine Parkway North  

  Suite 300  

  Deerfield, Illinois 60015  

  590 Madison Ave.,
29 th  Floor  

  New York, NY 10022  

 Attn:    Mark Naughton,    Alan
Forman, Executive Vice President     General Counsel 

  Fax No.: (847) 444-1401  

 Email:    mnaughton@greatamerican    aforman@brileyfin  .com 

And: 

 Greenberg   Bass LLP 

 16000 Ventura Boulevard 

 Suite 1000 

 Encino, CA 91436 

 Attn: David Adelman, Esquire 

 Fax No.: (818) 986-6534 

 Email: dadelman@greenbass.com 

Email: Joseph.Burt@wellsfargo.com 

With copies 

in all cases to:  Choate, Hall   Stewart LLP 

Two International Place 

 Boston, MA 02110 

 Attn: Kevin J. Simard, Esquire 

 Fax No. (617) 248-4000 

 Email: ksimard@choate.com 

Lender    the
Lenders   and Borrowers may change the address at which they are to receive notices hereunder, by notice in writing in
the foregoing manner given to the other party. All notices or demands sent in accordance with this  Section 11.12 , other
than notices by   Lender    the Lenders   in connection
with enforcement rights against the Collateral under the provisions of the Code, shall be deemed received on the earlier of the
date of actual receipt or three (3) Business Days after the deposit thereof in the mail. Borrowers acknowledge and agree that notices
sent by   Lender    the Lenders   in connection
with the exercise of enforcement rights against Collateral under the provisions of the Code shall be deemed sent when deposited
in the mail or personally delivered, or, where permitted by Law, transmitted by telefacsimile or any other method set forth above. 

Section Headings . Headings and numbers
have been set forth herein for convenience only. Unless the contrary is compelled by the context, everything contained in each
Section applies equally to this entire Agreement. 

Counterparts; Telefacsimile Execution .
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts, each of which,
when executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute but one
and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by telefacsimile shall be equally as effective as
delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Agreement. Any party delivering an executed counterpart of this Agreement
by telefacsimile also shall deliver an original executed counterpart of this Agreement but the failure to deliver an original executed
counterpart shall not affect the validity, enforceability, and binding effect of this Agreement. The foregoing shall apply to each
other Loan Document  mutatis mutandis , except as otherwise specifically provided therein or therefor. 

WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . BORROWERS
AND LENDER EACH HEREBY WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT
OF ANY OF THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREIN, INCLUDING CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, BREACH OF
DUTY CLAIMS, AND ALL OTHER COMMON LAW OR STATUTORY CLAIMS. BORROWERS AND LENDER REPRESENT THAT EACH HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER AND
EACH KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS FOLLOWING CONSULTATION WITH LEGAL COUNSEL. IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION,
A COPY OF THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE FILED AS A WRITTEN CONSENT TO A TRIAL BY THE COURT.  

Press Releases . Each Borrower agrees
that neither it nor its Affiliates will in the future issue any press releases or other public disclosure using the name of   Lender    the
Lenders   or   its    their   Affiliates
or referring to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents without at least two (2) Business Days  prior notice to   Lender    the
Lenders   and without the prior written consent of   Lender    the
Lenders   unless (and only to the extent that) such Borrower or Affiliate is required to do so under applicable Law and
then, in any event, such Borrower or Affiliate will consult with   Lender    the
Lenders   before issuing such press release or other public disclosure. Each Borrower, on its own behalf and on behalf
of its Affiliates, consents to the publication by   Lender    the
Lenders   of advertising material relating to the financing transactions contemplated by this Agreement using any Borrower s
or Affiliate s name, product photographs, logo or trademark.   Lender    The
Lenders   shall provide a draft reasonably in advance of any advertising material to Borrowers for review and comment
prior to the publication thereof.   Each   Lender reserves the right to provide to industry
trade organizations information necessary and customary for inclusion in league table measurements. 

Reinstatement . This Agreement shall
remain in full force and effect and continue to be effective should any petition be filed by or against any Borrower for liquidation
or reorganization, should any Borrower become insolvent or make an assignment for the benefit of any creditor or creditors or should
a receiver or trustee be appointed for all or any significant part of any Borrower s assets, and shall continue to be effective
or to be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment and performance of the Obligations, or any part thereof, is, pursuant
to applicable Law, rescinded or reduced in amount, or must otherwise be restored or returned by any obligee of the Obligations,
whether as a  voidable preference,   fraudulent conveyance,  or otherwise, all as though such payment or
performance had not been made. In the event that any payment, or any part thereof, is rescinded, reduced, restored or returned,
the Obligations shall be reinstated and deemed reduced only by such amount paid and not so rescinded, reduced, restored or returned. 

Advice of Counsel . Each of the parties
represents to each other party hereto that it has discussed this Agreement and, specifically, the provisions of  Sections 11.11 
and  11.15 , with its counsel. 

No Strict Construction . The parties
hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or question of intent
or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto and no presumption or burden
of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provisions of this Agreement. 

Effectiveness . This Agreement shall
be binding and deemed effective when executed by Borrowers and   Lender    the
Lenders  . 

Intentionally Deleted . 

Right of Set-Off . Any and all deposits
or other sums at any time credited by or due to a Borrower from   the Applicable   Lender or
from any Affiliate of   the Applicable   Lender, and any cash, securities, instruments or other
property of a Borrower in the possession of any of the foregoing, whether for safekeeping or otherwise (regardless of the reason
such Person had received the same) shall at all times constitute security for any and all Obligations of Borrowers to   the
Applicable   Lender or such Affiliate and may be applied or set off against the Obligations at any time, whether or not
such are then due and whether or not other collateral is then available to   the Applicable   Lender
or such Affiliate. 

Pledges To Federal Reserve Banks .
Nothing included in this Agreement shall prevent or limit   the Applicable   Lender, to the
extent that   the Applicable   Lender is subject to any of the twelve Federal Reserve Banks
organized under  4 of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C.  341) from pledging all or any portion of   the
Applicable   Lender s interest and rights under this Agreement, provided, however, neither such pledge nor the enforcement
thereof shall release   the Applicable   Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or under
any of the Loan Documents. 

USA Patriot Act Notice .   Each
  Lender hereby notifies Borrowers that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56
(signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the   Act  ), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that
identifies each Borrower, Great American, and their respective Subsidiaries, which information includes the name and address of
each Borrower, Great American, and their respective Subsidiaries, and other information that will allow   such
  Lender to identify each Borrower, Great American, and their respective Subsidiaries in accordance with the Act. Each
Borrower, Great American, and their respective Subsidiaries are in compliance, in all materials respects, with the Patriot Act.
No part of the proceeds of any Liquidation Borrowing will be used by any Borrower, directly or indirectly, for any payments to
any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone
else acting in official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation
of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. 

Canadian Anti-Money Laundering
Legislation. Each Borrower acknowledges that, pursuant to the Canadian Anti-Money Laundering Legislation, the Lenders may be required
to obtain, verify and record information regarding the Borrowers and their respective directors, authorized signing officers, direct
or indirect shareholders or other Persons in control of the Borrowers, and the transactions contemplated hereby. Each Borrower
shall promptly provide all such information, including supporting documentation and other evidence, as may be reasonably requested
by the Lenders or any assignee thereof, in order to comply with any applicable Canadian Anti-Money Laundering Legislation, whether
now or hereafter in existence.   

No Joint Venture . Nothing contained
herein shall be deemed or construed to create a partnership or joint venture between any Borrower and   Lender    the
Lenders  . 

Judgment Currency. If,
for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder or any other Loan Document
in one currency into another currency, the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures
the Applicable Lender could purchase the first currency with such other currency on the Business Day preceding that on which final
judgment is given. The obligation of each Borrower in respect of any such sum due from it to the Applicable Lender hereunder or
under the other Loan Documents shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the  Judgment Currency ) other than
that in which such sum is denominated in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement (the  Agreement Currency ),
be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by such the Applicable Lender of any sum adjudged to
be so due in the Judgment Currency, such the Applicable Lender may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the Agreement
Currency with the Judgment Currency. If the amount of this Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due
to the Applicable Lender from any Borrower in the Agreement Currency, such Borrower agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding
any such judgment, to indemnify such the Applicable Lender against such loss. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased
is greater than the sum originally due to such the Applicable Lender in such currency, such the Applicable Lender may be, agrees
to return the amount of any excess to such Borrower (or to any other Person who may be entitled thereto under applicable Law).  

Appointment for Perfection.
The Canadian Lender hereby appoints the U.S. Lender as its agent for the purpose of perfecting Liens, including, without limitation,
for assets which, in accordance with Article 9 of the UCC, the PPSA, the  Securities Transfer Act  (Ontario) or any other
applicable law can be perfected only by possession or control. Should the Canadian Lender obtain possession or control of any such
Collateral, Canadian Lender shall notify the U.S. Lender thereof, and, promptly upon the U.S. Lender s request therefor shall
deliver such Collateral to the U.S. Lender or otherwise deal with such Collateral in accordance with the U.S. Lender s instructions.  

Loss Sharing. If following
the occurrence of an Event of Default and realization upon the Collateral and the Guarantee Agreements, the U.S. Lender on the
one hand and the Canadian Lender on the other hand has suffered or incurred a loss not recovered from available Collateral, each
Lender shall make such payments to the other of them so that the loss is shared by all the Lenders.   

Amendment   Restatement . Upon
satisfaction of the conditions precedent to the effectiveness of this Agreement, (a) this Agreement shall amend and restate the
Existing Credit Agreement in its entirety (except to the extent that definitions from the Existing Credit Agreement are incorporated
herein by reference) and (b) the rights and obligations of the parties under the Existing Credit Agreement shall be subsumed within,
and be governed by, this Agreement;  provided ,  however , that Borrowers, GAG Inc., and Great American each hereby agree
that (y) the Letters of Credit issued pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement and outstanding on the Restatement Date (and any
outstanding Obligations with respect thereto), shall be hereafter deemed to be Letters of Credit issued hereunder, and (z) all
Obligations under, and as defined in, the Existing Credit Agreement shall remain outstanding, shall constitute continuing Obligations
secured by the Collateral, and this Agreement shall not be deemed to evidence or result in a novation or repayment and reborrowing
of such Obligations and other liabilities.    

Appointment of Hypothecary
Representative. Without limiting the powers of the U.S. Lender, for the purposes of holding any hypothec granted to the Attorney
(as defined below) pursuant to the laws of the Province of Qu bec to secure the prompt payment and performance of any and
all Obligations by any Credit Party, each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the U.S. Lender and, to the
extent necessary, ratifies the appointment and authorization of the U.S. Lender, to act as the hypothecary representative of the
creditors as contemplated under Article 2692 of the Civil Code of Qu bec (in such capacity, the   Attorney  ),
and to enter into, to take and to hold on their behalf, and for their benefit, any hypothec, and to exercise such powers and duties
that are conferred upon the Attorney under any related deed of hypothec.  The Attorney shall:  (a) have the sole and
exclusive right and authority to exercise, except as may be otherwise specifically restricted by the terms hereof, all rights and
remedies given to the Attorney pursuant to any such deed of hypothec and applicable law, and (b) benefit from and be subject to
all provisions hereof with respect to the U.S. Lender  mutatis mutandis , including, without limitation, all such provisions
with respect to the liability or responsibility to and indemnification by the Lenders and Credit Parties.  Any person who
becomes a Lender shall be deemed to have consented to and confirmed the Attorney as the person acting as hypothecary representative
holding the aforesaid hypothecs as aforesaid and to have ratified, as of the date it becomes a Lender, all actions taken by the
Attorney in such capacity.  

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

IN WITNESS
WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed as of the date first written above. 

GREAT AMERICAN GROUP WF, LLC,   

a California limited liability company   

By:  

Its.  

gA RETAIL, Inc.,   a California corporation1   

By:    

Name:   

Title:    

GA RETAIL CANADA, ULC, an unlimited liability company formed under the laws of the Province of British Columbia 2    

By:     

Name:    

Title:     

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION   

By:  

Name:  

Duly Authorized Signatory   

1 NTD: Added by joinder 

  2 NTD: Added by joinder  

[ADDITIONAL SIGNATURES ON THE
FOLLOWING PAGE]  

ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND AGREEMENT   

Each of the
undersigned hereby acknowledges and agrees to the provisions of the foregoing Credit Agreement applicable to it, including but
not limited to the first offer provisions set forth in  Section 2.1(f)(i);  the indemnity provisions set forth in  Section 2.11 ;
the access provisions in  Section 2.12 , the currency indemnity set forth in  Section 2.19(a) ; the covenants
contained in  Sections 6.13  and  6.15 ; and the provisions of  Section 7.22 ; and agrees to cause Borrowers
to, and take all action necessary to permit Borrowers to, comply with all reporting requirements set forth in  Article 5 
of the foregoing Credit Agreement. 

GREAT AMERICAN GROUP, INC., a Delaware corporation3   

By:  

Name:  

Title:  

GREAT AMERICAN GROUP, LLC, a California limited liability company   

By:  

Name:  

Title:  

3 NTD: Now referred to as,   B.
RILEY FINANCIAL, INC., a Delaware corporation (f/k/a Great American Group, Inc.)   

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 s104618_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31-1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I, Bryant R. Riley, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this
quarterly report on Form 10-Q of B. Riley Financial, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ BRYANT R. RILEY   

Bryant R. Riley 
         Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
          (Principal Executive Officer)    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 s104618_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31-2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I, Phillip J. Ahn, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this
quarterly report on Form 10-Q of B. Riley Financial, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/
        PHILLIP J. AHN   

Phillip J. Ahn   

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 s104618_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32-1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of B. Riley Financial, Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Bryant R. Riley, Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

/s/
        BRYANT R. RILEY  

Bryant R. Riley  

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   

November 14, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 s104618_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32-2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of B. Riley Financial, Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Phillip J. Ahn, Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that: 

1. The Report
fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/
        PHILLIP J. AHN  

Phillip J. Ahn  

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer   

November 14, 2016  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 rily-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 rily-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 rily-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 rily-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 rily-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 rily-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

