<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1301787_0001301787-16-000234_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2468774</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>102890</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>148497</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>885395</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>850580</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>410720</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>24</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001301787-16-000234.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110165748
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001301787-16-000234
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161001
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BlueLinx Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001301787
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-LUMBER, PLYWOOD, MILLWORK & WOOD PANELS [5031]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0102

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32383
		FILM NUMBER:		161988852

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4300 WILDWOOD PARKWAY
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30339
		BUSINESS PHONE:		770-953-7000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4300 WILDWOOD PARKWAY
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30339

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001301787-16-000234.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 bxc1001201610q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
    
  FORM 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended   October 1, 2016    
    
  OR 

Commission file number: 1-32383 

BlueLinx Holdings Inc. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(770) 953-7000 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes       No   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes       No   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
    
                           Large accelerated filer   o 
      
    Accelerated filer   o 
      
    Non-accelerated filer   o 
      
    Smaller reporting company     

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes   o   No     
    
  As of   November 10, 2016   there were   9,031,263   shares of BlueLinx Holdings Inc. common stock, par value $0.01, outstanding. 

BLUELINX HOLDINGS INC. 
  Form 10-Q 
  For the Quarterly Period Ended   October 1, 2016    
    
  INDEX 
                   
    PAGE  
       PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
      
       Item 1. Financial Statements   BlueLinx Holdings Inc. (Unaudited)  
    2 
       Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss)  
    2 
       Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  
    3 
       Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
    4 
       Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements     
    5 
       Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    9 
       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    16 
       Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
    17 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  
      
       Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
    18 
       Item 1A. Risk Factors  
    18 
       Item 6. Exhibits  
    18 

Signature  
    19 

1 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  BLUELINX HOLDINGS INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND 
  COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
  (In thousands, except per share data) 
  (unaudited) 

See accompanying Notes. 

2 

BLUELINX HOLDINGS INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (In thousands, except share data) 
  (unaudited) 

See accompanying Notes. 
  
   3 

BLUELINX HOLDINGS INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (In thousands) 
  (unaudited) 

See accompanying Notes. 
  
   4 

BLUELINX HOLDINGS INC. 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  October 1, 2016    
   
  1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
  Basis of Presentation 
  The accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of BlueLinx Holdings Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries (the  Company ). These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and do not include all of the information and footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted ( GAAP ) in the United States ( U.S. ) for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. These statements should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (the  Annual Report on Form 10-K ) for the year ended   January 2, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
  New Accounting Standards 
  Leases.   In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842).  This standard will require all leases with durations greater than twelve months to be recognized on the balance sheet and is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, although early adoption is permitted.  
  Adoption of this standard may have a significant impact on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Although we have not completed our assessment, we do not expect the adoption to change the recognition, measurement, or presentation of lease expenses within the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Cash Flows. For information about our current undiscounted future lease payments and the timing of those payments, see Note 13,  Lease Commitments,  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   January 2, 2016  . 
   
  2. Employee Benefits 
  The following table shows the components of net periodic pension cost (in thousands): 

3. Operational Efficiency Initiatives 
  For the nine months ended October 1, 2016, we announced operational efficiency initiatives which resulted in severance and employee benefits charges, as further discussed below, as well as inventory initiatives that were largely completed in the second quarter of fiscal 2016. The inventory initiatives were fully completed in the third quarter of fiscal 2016, with a net $0.7 million fiscal third quarter increase to earnings more fully described below.    
  During the second quarter of fiscal 2016, we announced the closure of   four   owned distribution centers, and a corresponding reduction in force of approximately   60   full-time employees. These closures and reductions in force were completed by the end of the third quarter of fiscal 2016. A   $1.2 million   severance and employee benefits charge was recorded in the second quarter of fiscal 2016 in  selling, general, and administrative  expenses in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss), with a corresponding liability recorded in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet in  Other current liabilities  due to the initiative. In the third fiscal quarter and for the nine months  
  
   5 

ended October 1, 2016,   $0.5 million   of this obligation was paid. The remaining payments are expected to be paid in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016.  
  Furthermore, as part of the operational efficiency initiative process, we also began a stock keeping unit ( SKU ) rationalization initiative in local markets during the second quarter of fiscal 2016, resulting in the identification of certain less productive SKUs which we decided to discontinue offering. The SKU rationalization initiative was completed by the end of the third quarter of fiscal 2016. The following table describes our total adjustments as a result of both the SKU rationalization initiative and facility closures on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the third quarter and nine months ended of fiscal 2016 (in millions): 

(1)    Includes payments for material handling and delivery. 
   
  4. Assets Held for Sale and Net Gain on Disposition 
  We have designated   seven   unoccupied properties as held for sale, due to strategic initiatives. At the time of designation, we ceased recognizing depreciation expense on these assets. As of   October 1, 2016  , and   January 2, 2016  , the net book value of total assets held for sale was   $5.6 million   and   $2.3 million  , respectively, and was included in  other current assets  in our Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
  During the third quarter of fiscal 2016, we sold distribution facilities located in La Puente, California; Shreveport, Louisiana; Little Rock, Arkansas; and Harlingen, Texas. As a result of these transactions, we reduced the balance of the mortgage by the cash received from property sales of   $16.6 million  , and recognized a gain of   $13.9 million  . For the   nine   months ended   October 1, 2016  , we reduced the balance of the mortgage by the cash received from property sales of   $17.2 million  , and recognized gains of   $14.7 million  . We are actively marketing all properties that are designated as held for sale. 
   
  5. Fair Value Measurements 
  Carrying amounts for our financial instruments are not significantly different from their fair values, with the exception of our mortgage. To determine the fair value of our mortgage, we use a discounted cash flow model. We believe the mortgage fair value valuation to be Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy, as the valuation model has inputs that are observable for substantially the full term of the liability. As of   October 1, 2016  , the carrying amount and fair value of our mortgage was   $142.2 million   and   $144.7 million  , respectively. The difference between the book value and the fair value is derived from the difference between the period-end market interest rate and the stated rate of our fixed-rate mortgage. The fair value of our debt is not indicative of the amounts at which we could settle our debt. 
   
  6. Earnings per Share 
  We calculate basic earnings per share by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding, excluding unvested restricted shares. We calculate diluted earnings per share by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding plus the dilutive effect of outstanding share-based awards, including restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, performance shares, performance units, and stock options. Antidilutive common stock equivalents excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation are not material.  
  
   6 

The following table shows the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share (in thousands, except per share data):  

(1)     Basic and diluted earnings per share are equivalent for the nine months ended   October 3, 2015  , due to net losses for the period. 
   
  7. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
  Comprehensive income (loss) is a measure of income (loss) which includes both net income (loss) and other comprehensive income (loss). Other comprehensive income (loss) results from items deferred from recognition into our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). Accumulated other comprehensive loss is separately presented on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as part of common stockholders  deficit. 
  The changes in balances for each component of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the   nine   months ended   October 1, 2016  , were as follows (in thousands): 

(1)   
    For the   nine   months ended   October 1, 2016  , there was   $0.8 million   of actuarial loss recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) as a component of net periodic pension cost. There was no intraperiod income tax allocation and the deferred tax benefit was fully offset by a valuation allowance. 
      
  8. Liquidity 
  A portion of our debt is classified as  Current maturities of long-term debt  on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of   October 1, 2016  , since it is due within the next twelve months. These amounts consist of a remaining   $42.5 million   principal reduction of our mortgage, which is due by   July 1, 2017  , and   $2.5 million   of the Tranche A Loan. We are actively engaged in marketing certain of our real estate holdings in order to meet the principal reduction date specified by our mortgage loan. 
  As of October 1, 2016, we had outstanding borrowings of   $223.2 million   and excess availability of   $68.9 million   under the terms of the U.S. revolving credit facility.  
  On July 26, 2016, we were notified by the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) that, as of that date, we regained compliance with the NYSE s minimum average share price continued listing standard. In the fiscal third quarter of 2016, our average share price was   $8.26  , with low and high closing prices of   $7.10   and   $9.18  , respectively, for the period. 
  We have maintained a market capitalization of at least   $50.0 million   on a daily basis since March 29, 2016. As previously disclosed in Item 1A,  Risk Factors,  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 2, 2016, we have not yet  
  
   7 

regained compliance with the NYSE s average market capitalization and stockholders  equity continued listing standard, and so are still subject to compliance monitoring by the NYSE. 
   
  9. Subsequent Event 
    
  On   November 3, 2016  , we amended and extended our U.S. revolving credit facility and Tranche A Loan, together, the  Credit Agreement , with the Thirteenth Amendment to the Credit Agreement. This amendment extends the maturity date of the Credit Agreement to   July 15, 2018  , and reduces the revolving loan limit by   $15.0 million   to   $335.0 million  . Furthermore, the amendment requires maintenance of a fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.2 to 1.0 in the event our excess availability falls below   $32.5 million   through March 31, 2017; and subsequently, the greater of a defined range, adjusted on a seasonal basis, of   $36.0 million   to   $42.0 million   and an amount equal to   12.5%   of the lesser of (a) the sum of the borrowing base and the Tranche A Loan borrowing base or (b) the maximum credit.  
  The Tranche A Loan limit of   $16.0 million   as of the end of the third quarter of fiscal 2016 shall be subject to automatic commitment reductions depending on the time of year, with the balance due and payable by July 15, 2018; provided, that all scheduled commitment reductions on or after August 1, 2017 will be subject to satisfaction of certain conditions including a minimum excess availability threshold of at least   $50.0 million   after giving effect to any payment required after giving effect to such reduction.  If a scheduled commitment reduction is prohibited due to not satisfying those conditions, the required excess availability covenant shall be increased by the amount of any such prohibited commitment reduction. 
  We were in compliance with all covenants under these revolving credit facilities as of October 1, 2016.    

8 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  The information contained in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ( MD A ) has been derived from our historical financial statements and is intended to provide information to assist you in better understanding and evaluating our financial condition and results of operations. This MD A section should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and notes to those statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   January 2, 2016  , as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). This MD A section is not a comprehensive discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations, but rather updates disclosures made in the aforementioned filing. 
  The discussion below contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, any statement that may predict, forecast, indicate or imply future results, performance, liquidity levels or achievements, and may contain the words  believe,   anticipate,   expect,   estimate,   intend,   project,   plan,   will be,   will likely continue,   will likely result  or words or phrases of similar meaning. All of these forward-looking statements are based on estimates and assumptions made by our management that, although believed by us to be reasonable, are inherently uncertain. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, economic, competitive, governmental, and technological factors outside of our control; that may cause our business, strategy, or actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties may include those discussed under the heading  Risk Factors  in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   January 2, 2016  , as filed with the SEC, and other factors, some of which may not be known to us. We operate in a changing environment in which new risks can emerge from time to time. It is not possible for management to predict all of these risks, nor can it assess the extent to which any factor, or a combination of factors, may cause our business, strategy, or actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements. Factors you should consider that could cause these differences include, among other things: 
             
    changes in the prices, supply and/or demand for products which we distribute; 
                
    inventory management and commodities pricing; 
                
    new housing starts and inventory levels of existing homes for sale; 
                
    general economic and business conditions in the United States; 
                
    financial condition and creditworthiness of our customers; 
                
    continuation of supply from our key vendors; 
                
    reliability of the technologies we utilize; 
                
    activities of competitors; 
                
    changes in significant operating expenses; 
                
    fuel costs; 
                
    risk of losses associated with accidents; 
                
    exposure to product liability claims; 
                
    changes in the availability of capital and interest rates; 
                
    adverse weather patterns or conditions; 
                
    acts of cyber intrusion; 
                
    variations in the performance of the financial markets, including the credit markets; and 
                
    other factors described herein and in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   January 2, 2016  , as filed with the SEC. 
     Given these risks and uncertainties, we caution you not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 
  
   9 

Executive Level Overview 
  Background 
  We are a leading distributor of building and industrial products in the United States. The Company is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, and we operate our distribution business through a national network of distribution centers. We operate in many major metropolitan areas in the United States. We distribute products in two principal categories: structural products and specialty products. Structural products include plywood, oriented strand board, rebar and remesh, lumber and other wood products primarily used for structural support, walls, and flooring in construction projects. Structural products represented approximately 43% of our   third   quarter of fiscal   2016   net sales. Specialty products include roofing, insulation, moulding, engineered wood, vinyl products (used primarily in siding), and metal products (excluding rebar and remesh). Specialty products accounted for approximately 57% of our   third   quarter of fiscal   2016   net sales.  
  Industry Conditions 
  Many of the factors that cause our operations to fluctuate are seasonal or cyclical in nature. 
  Operational Efficiency Initiatives 
  For the nine months ended October 1, 2016, we announced operational efficiency initiatives which resulted in severance and employee benefits charges, as further discussed below, as well as inventory initiatives that were largely completed in the second quarter of fiscal 2016. The inventory initiatives were fully completed in the third quarter of fiscal 2016, with a net $0.7 million fiscal third quarter increase to earnings more fully described below. 
  During the second quarter of fiscal 2016, we announced the closure of   four   owned distribution centers, and a corresponding reduction in force of approximately   60   full-time employees. These closures and reductions in force were completed by the end of the third quarter of fiscal 2016. A   $1.2 million   severance and employee benefits charge was recorded in the second quarter of fiscal 2016 in  selling, general, and administrative  expenses in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss), with a corresponding liability recorded in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet in  Other current liabilities  due to the initiative. In the third fiscal quarter and for the nine months ended October 1, 2016,   $0.5 million   of this obligation was paid. The remaining payments are expected to be paid in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016.  
  Furthermore, as part of the operational efficiency initiative process, we also began a stock keeping unit ( SKU ) rationalization initiative in local markets during the second quarter of fiscal 2016, resulting in the identification of certain less productive SKUs which we decided to discontinue offering. The SKU rationalization initiative was completed by the end of the third quarter of fiscal 2016. The following table describes our total adjustments as a result of both the SKU rationalization initiative and facility closures on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the third quarter and nine months ended of fiscal 2016 (in millions): 

(1)    Includes payments for material handling and delivery. 
  
   10 

Results of Operations 
  The following table sets forth our results of operations for the   third   quarters of fiscal   2016   and fiscal   2015  : 

The following table sets forth our results of operations for the first   nine   months of fiscal   2016   and fiscal   2015  : 

11 

The following table sets forth changes in net sales by product category, sales variances due to changes in unit volume and dollar and percentage changes in unit volume and price versus comparable prior periods: 

(1)   
     Other  includes unallocated allowances and discounts. 
     
   12 

The following table sets forth changes in gross margin dollars and percentage changes by product category, and percentage changes in unit volume growth by product, versus comparable prior periods: 

(1)   
     Other  includes unallocated allowances and discounts. 
     The following table sets forth a reconciliation of net sales, gross margin, and unit volumes to the non-GAAP measures of adjusted sales, adjusted gross profit and adjusted margin dollars, and adjusted percentage changes in unit volume growth by product, versus comparable prior periods    (1)   : 

13 

(1)     
    The schedule presented above includes a reconciliation of net sales, gross profit and gross margins, and unit volumes, excluding the effect of operational efficiency initiatives; specifically, facility closures and the SKU rationalization initiative. The above schedule is not a presentation made in accordance with GAAP, and is not intended to present a superior measure of the financial condition from those determined under GAAP. Adjusted sales, adjusted gross profit and gross margin, and adjusted unit volume, as used herein, are not necessarily comparable to other similarly titled captions of other companies due to differences in methods of calculation. 
     We believe adjusted sales, adjusted gross profit and gross margin, and adjusted unit volume are helpful in presenting comparability across periods without the effect of our operational efficiency initiatives. We also believe that these non-GAAP metrics are used by securities analysts, investors, and other interested parties in their evaluation of our company, to illustrate the effects of these initiatives. We compensate for the limitations of using non-GAAP financial measures by using them to supplement GAAP results to provide a more complete understanding of the factors and trends affecting the business than using GAAP results alone. 
  Third Quarter of Fiscal 2016 Compared to Third Quarter of Fiscal 2015 
  Net sales.    For the third quarter of fiscal   2016  , net sales decreased by   8.1%  , or   $41.8 million  , compared to the third quarter of fiscal 2015. The decrease in sales was largely driven by a decrease in specialty product sales, and operational consolidation resulting from distribution center closures. Structural product sales remained flat for the quarter-over-quarter comparative period. Unit volumes decreased by an aggregate of   8.5%  .  
  Gross profit.    For the third quarter of fiscal   2016  , gross profit decreased by   1.3%  , or   $0.8 million  , compared to the third quarter of fiscal 2015. Though gross profit on a dollar basis decreased, gross margin percentage increased by 90 basis points to   12.6%  , because of the reversal of certain reserves for strategic operational initiatives. Adjusted gross margin for the third quarter of fiscal 2016 was   12.4%  , indicating improving adjusted gross margins. For the third quarter of fiscal 2016, adjusted gross profit increased by $3.8 million for the comparable quarterly period. 
  Selling, general, and administrative expenses.    The decrease of   1.5%  , or   $0.8 million  , is primarily related to realization of our operational efficiency initiatives, including resource allocation and SKU rationalization. 
  First Nine Months of Fiscal 2016 Compared to First Nine Months of Fiscal 2015 
  Net sales.    For the first nine months of fiscal   2016  , net sales decreased by   2.0%  , or   $29.0 million  , compared to the first nine months of fiscal 2015. The year-over-year nine month decrease in sales was driven primarily by closed distribution centers, as adjusted sales increased by $57.7 million for the comparable nine month period in fiscal 2015, an increase of   4.5%  . 
  Gross profit.    For the first nine months of fiscal   2016  , gross profit increased by   2.4%  , or   $4.0 million  , compared to the first nine months of fiscal 2015 primarily driven by a 1.1% increase in structural product gross margin. Adjusted gross margin for the first nine months of fiscal 2016 was   12.6%  , indicating improving same-center gross margins, excluding inventory adjustments for our operational efficiency initiatives. For the first nine months of fiscal 2016, adjusted gross profit increased by $20.0 million for the comparable nine month period in fiscal 2015. 
  Selling, general, and administrative expenses.    The increase of   $6.4 million  , or   4.2%  , is primarily related to fees paid to refinance our mortgage and U.S. revolving credit facility in the first quarter of fiscal 2016. 
   
  Seasonality 
  We are exposed to fluctuations in quarterly sales volumes and expenses due to seasonal factors common in the building products distribution industry. The first and fourth fiscal quarters are typically our slowest quarters, due to the impact of poor weather on the construction market. Our second and third fiscal quarters are typically our strongest quarters, reflecting a substantial increase in construction, due to more favorable weather conditions. Our accounts receivable and payable generally peak in the fiscal second quarter, along with inventory, which also generally peaks in the fiscal second quarter in anticipation of the summer building season. These seasonal fluctuations may be impacted by strategic operational efficiency initiatives.  
   
  Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  We expect our primary sources of liquidity to be cash flows from sales in the normal course of our operations and borrowings under our revolving credit facilities. We expect that these sources will fund our ongoing cash requirements for the foreseeable future. We believe that sales in the normal course of our operations and amounts currently available from our revolving credit facilities and other sources will be sufficient to fund our routine operations and working capital requirements for at least the next 12 months. 
  
   14 

Mortgage 
  As of   October 1, 2016  , the balance on our mortgage loan was   $142.2 million  . The mortgage is secured by our owned distribution facilities. Our mortgage lender has a first priority pledge of the equity in the Company s subsidiaries which hold the real property that secures the mortgage loan. 
  As modified on March 24, 2016, our mortgage is due on July 1, 2019, subject to a   $42.5 million   remaining principal reduction due no later than July 1, 2017; which was originally $60.0 million, reduced by net principal payments of   $16.6 million   for the fiscal third quarter of 2016, and allocable $17.5 million (of   $26.0 million   total principal payments) fiscal 2016 year-to-date; and a $55.0 million principal payment due no later than July 1, 2018. We are actively engaged in marketing certain of our real estate holdings in order to meet the principal reduction dates specified by our mortgage loan. The mortgage requires monthly interest-only payments, at an annual interest rate of 6.35%.  
  Revolving Credit Facilities 
  As of   October 1, 2016  , we had outstanding borrowings of   $223.2 million   and excess availability of   $68.9 million   under the terms of the U.S. revolving credit facility. 
  On August 4, 2006, we entered into the U.S. revolving credit facility, as later amended, most recently on   November 3, 2016  .  This amendment to the U.S. revolving credit facility and Tranche A Loan (together referred to as the  Credit Agreement ) extends the maturity date of the Credit Agreement to   July 15, 2018  , and reduces the revolving loan limit by $15.0 million to $335.0 million. Furthermore, the amendment requires maintenance of a fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.2 to 1.0 in the event our excess availability falls below $32.5 million through March 31, 2017; and subsequently, the greater of a defined range, adjusted on a seasonal basis, of $36.0 million to $42.0 million and an amount equal to 12.5% of the lesser of (a) the sum of the borrowing base and the Tranche A Loan borrowing base or (b) the maximum credit.  
  The Tranche A Loan limit of $16.0 million as of the end of the third quarter of fiscal 2016 shall be subject to automatic commitment reductions depending on the time of year, with the balance due and payable by July 15, 2018; provided, that all scheduled commitment reductions on or after August 1, 2017 will be subject to satisfaction of certain conditions including a minimum excess availability threshold of at least $50.0 million after giving effect to any payment required after giving effect to such reduction.  If a scheduled commitment reduction is prohibited due to not satisfying those conditions, the required excess availability covenant shall be increased by the amount of any such prohibited commitment reduction. 
  We were in compliance with all covenants under these revolving credit facilities as of October 1, 2016. 
  Sources and Uses of Cash 
  Operating Activities 
  Net cash used in operating activities for the first   nine   months of fiscal   2016   was   $0.2 million  , compared to net cash used in operating activities of   $28.3 million   in the first   nine   months of fiscal   2015  . Accounts receivable increased by   $24.8 million   during the first nine months of fiscal   2016  , compared to an increase of   $42.8 million   in the first nine months of the prior fiscal year. This year-over-year comparative decrease in accounts receivable primarily was due to faster turnover in receivables, as well as a decrease in overall sales due to closed distribution centers. Inventory decreased by   $18.8 million   in the first   nine   months of fiscal   2016   compared to the prior year period, which reflects our focus on a disciplined approach to inventory management, including the SKU rationalization initiative; and seasonality, as we enter into the historical off-peak selling season. 
  As our business is seasonal, management also assesses inventory and accounts receivable comparisons to the prior year period. Inventories decreased by   $47.1 million   from October 3, 2015, and accounts receivable decreased by $23.9 million, indicating favorable conditions from October 3, 2015 to October 1, 2016, regarding inventory management and sales. 
  Investing Activities 
  Net cash provided by investing activities for the first   nine   months of fiscal   2016   was   $18.4 million   compared to net cash used in investing activities of   $0.9 million   in the first   nine   months of fiscal   2015  . Our cash provided by investing activities primarily was related to the planned sales of certain distribution facilities. 
  In the future, we intend to continue to sell certain of our  held for sale  properties, and/or perform sale and lease back transactions of certain of our owned properties. 
  
   15 

Financing Activities 
  Net cash used in financing activities of   $18.3 million   for the first   nine   months of fiscal   2016  , primarily reflected repayments of our mortgage. We anticipate further principal payments on our mortgage, as we continue the planned activities referred to above, with regards to our owned properties. 
  Operating Working Capital 

Operating working capital is an important measurement we use to determine the efficiencies of our operations and our ability to readily convert assets into cash. Operating working capital is defined as current assets less current liabilities plus the current portion of long-term debt. Management of operating working capital helps us monitor our progress in meeting our goals to maximize our return on working capital assets. 
  Our operating working capital requirements reflect the seasonal nature of our business. Operating working capital of   $271.5 million   at   October 1, 2016  , compared to   $278.5 million   as of   January 2, 2016  , decreased on a net basis as a result of our strategic initiatives, which resulted in a   $24.8 million   increase in accounts receivable, offset by an   $18.8 million   decrease in inventory in connection with our inventory management operational efficiency initiatives and seasonal selling patterns.  
  Operating working capital decreased from   October 3, 2015   to   October 1, 2016  , by   $71.5 million  , primarily driven by decreases in inventory of   $47.1 million  . 
  Contractual Obligations 
  As stated in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   January 2, 2016  , disclosures for Item 7  Contractual Commitments , were not required, as we are a Smaller Reporting Company. 
   
  Critical Accounting Policies 
  The preparation of our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires our management to make judgments and estimates that affect the amounts reported in our condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies from the information provided in Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   January 2, 2016  . 
   
  ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
  As stated in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   January 2, 2016  , disclosures for Part II, Item 7A  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk , were not required, as we are a Smaller Reporting Company. 
  
   16 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
  Our management performed an evaluation, as of the end of the period covered by this report on Form 10-Q, under the supervision of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )). Based on that evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to our management including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
  There were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting.  
  
   17 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
  During the   third   quarter of fiscal   2016  , there were no material changes to our legal proceedings as disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   January 2, 2016  . Additionally, we are, and from time to time may be, a party to routine legal proceedings incidental to the operation of our business. The outcome of any pending or threatened proceedings is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results, or cash flows, based on our current understanding of the relevant facts. Legal expenses incurred related to these contingencies are generally expensed as incurred. 
   
  ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
  In addition to the other information set forth in this quarterly report, you should carefully consider the risk factors disclosed in Item 1A,  Risk Factors,  of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year   January 2, 2016  , as filed with the SEC. 
   
  ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

Exhibit 
  Number  

Description 

10.1 
      
    The Thirteenth Amendment, dated November 3, 2016, to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated August 4, 2006, as amended by and between BlueLinx Corporation, Wells Fargo, and the other signatories listed therein. 

31.1 
      
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
      
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1* 
      
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2* 
      
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101 
      
    The following financial information from the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended April 2, 2016, formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language ( XBRL ): (i) Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss, (ii) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (iv) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited). 

* 
    Exhibit is being furnished and shall not be deemed to be  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that Section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

18 

SIGNATURE 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

BlueLinx Holdings Inc. 

(Registrant) 

Date: November 10, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Susan C. O Farrell 

Susan C. O Farrell 

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, and Principal Accounting Officer 

19 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ex101thirteenthamendment.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.1 
  THIRTEENTH AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED 
  LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 
    
  THIRTEENTH AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, dated as of November 3, 2016 (this  Amendment No. 13 ), is by and among Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, a national banking association, in its capacity as administrative and collateral agent for the Lenders (as hereinafter defined) pursuant to the Loan Agreement defined below (in such capacity,  Agent  as hereinafter further defined), BlueLinx Corporation, a Georgia corporation, successor by merger to the merger of BlueLinx Services Inc., a Georgia corporation, with and into BlueLinx Corporation with BlueLinx Corporation as the surviving corporation of such merger ( BlueLinx ), and BlueLinx Florida LP, a Florida limited partnership ( BFLP , and together with BlueLinx, each individually a  Borrower  and collectively,  Borrowers ), BlueLinx Florida Holding No. 1 Inc., a Georgia corporation ( BFH1 ) and BlueLinx Florida Holding No. 2 Inc., a Georgia corporation ( BFH2 ), and together with BFH1, each individually a  Corporate Guarantor  and collectively,  Corporate Guarantors ) and BlueLinx Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation ( Parent Guarantor ). 
  W     I     T     N     E     S     S     E     T     H  : 
  WHEREAS, Agent, the parties to the Loan Agreement as lenders (collectively,  Lenders ), Borrowers and Corporate Guarantors have entered into financing arrangements pursuant to which Lenders (or Agent on behalf of Lenders) have made and may make loans and advances and provide other financial accommodations to Borrowers as set forth in the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated August 4, 2006, by and among Agent, Lenders, Borrowers and Corporate Guarantors, as amended by First Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of October 22, 2008, Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of July 7, 2010, Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of May 10, 2011, Fourth Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of August 11, 2011, Fifth Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement and Lender Joinder, dated as of March 29, 2013, Sixth Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of June 28, 2013, Seventh Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 14, 2014, Eighth Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of July 8, 2014, Ninth Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of August 14, 2014, Tenth Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of February 18, 2015, Eleventh Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 10, 2016, and Twelfth Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 24, 2016  (as from time to time further amended, modified, supplemented, extended, renewed, restated or replaced, the  Loan Agreement , and together with all agreements, documents and instruments at any time executed and/or delivered in connection therewith or related thereto, as from time to time amended, modified, supplemented, extended, renewed, restated, or replaced, collectively, the  Financing Agreements  
  WHEREAS, Borrowers and Corporate Guarantors and Parent Guarantor have requested that Agent and Lenders (a) extend the Final Maturity Date, (b) extend the Tranche A Loan Maturity Date and (c) enter into certain other amendments to the Loan Agreement; 
  WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to enter into this Amendment No. 13 to evidence and effectuate such amendments under the Loan Agreement, in each case subject to the terms and conditions and to the extent set forth herein;  
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and covenants set forth herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:  
  Section 1.  Amendments  . 

1.1      Additional Definitions  .  As used herein or in the Loan Agreement or in any of the other Financing Agreements, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below and the Loan Agreement and the other Financing Agreements shall be deemed and are hereby amended to include, in addition and not in limitation, the following definitions: 
     Amendment No. 13    shall mean the Thirteenth Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of November 3, 2016, by and among Agent, Borrowers, Corporate Guarantors, Parent Guarantor and Lenders, as the same now exists or may hereafter be amended, modified, supplemented, extended, renewed, restated or replaced. 
     Anti-Corruption Laws    shall mean all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to any Borrower, Guarantor or Parent Guarantor or its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. 
     Bail-In Action    shall mean the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an EEA Financial Institution. 
     Bail-In Legislation    shall mean, with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
     EEA Financial Institution    shall mean (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervisions with its parent. 
     EEA Member Country    shall mean any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
     EEA Resolution Authority    shall mean any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
     EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule    shall mean the EU Bail-In Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
     Sanctions    shall mean, individually and collectively, respectively, any and all economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by:  (a) the United States of America, including, without limitation, those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control ( OFAC ) of the U.S. Department of Treasury, the U.S. Department of State, (b) the United Nations Security Council, (c) the European Union or any European Union member state, (d) Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom, or (e) any other governmental authority in any jurisdiction in which Parent Guarantor, any Borrower or any Guarantor or any of their Subsidiaries is located or doing business, in each case that has authority over Parent Guarantor, any Borrower or any Guarantor or any of their Subsidiaries, as applicable. 
     Write-Down and Conversion Powers    shall mean, with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
  1.2      Amendments to Definitions  .   

(a)    All references to the term  Capital Leases  in the Loan Agreement and other Financing Agreements shall be deemed and each such reference is hereby replaced with the following: 
   Capital Leases  shall mean, as applied to any Person, any lease of (or any agreement conveying the right to use) any property (whether real, personal or mixed) by such Person as lessee which in accordance with GAAP, is or is required to be reflected as a capital lease on the balance sheet of such Person;   provided  ,   that  , for purposes of calculating compliance with Section 9.9(b) and Section 9.17(b) hereof, any lease of a SPE Property on or after the effective date of Amendment No. 13 that was (i) previously leased by Borrower or its Subsidiaries pursuant to the SPE Master Lease and (ii) that arises out of a sale and leaseback transaction shall be classified as an operating lease notwithstanding any accounting treatment that may be required under GAAP. 
  (b)    All references to the term  Defaulting Lender  in the Loan Agreement and other Financing Agreements shall be deemed and each such reference is hereby replaced with the following:  
     Defaulting Lender    shall mean any Lender that (a) has failed to fund any amounts required to be funded by it under this Agreement within one (1) Business Day of the date that it is required to do so under this Agreement (including the failure to make available to Agent amounts required pursuant to a Settlement or to make a required payment in connection with a Letter of Credit), (b) notified Borrowers, Agent, or any Lender in writing that it does not intend to comply with all or any portion of its funding obligations under this Agreement, (c) has made a public statement to the effect that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations under this Agreement or under other agreements generally under which it has committed to extend credit, (d) failed, within one (1) Business Day after written request by Agent, to confirm that it will comply with the terms of this Agreement relating to its obligations to fund any amounts required to be funded by it under  this Agreement, (e) otherwise failed to pay over to Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it under this Agreement on the date that it is required to do so under this Agreement, or (f) (i) becomes or is insolvent or has a parent company that has become or is insolvent, (ii) becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, or custodian or appointed for it, or has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment or has a parent company that has become the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, or custodian appointed for it, or has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment, or (iii) becomes subject to an EU Bail-In Action. 
  (c)    All references to the term  Financial Covenant Compliance Excess Availability  in the Loan Agreement and other Financing Agreements shall be deemed and each such reference is hereby replaced with the following: 
     Financial Covenant Compliance Excess Availability    shall mean during the following measurement periods, the amount of Excess Availability set forth next to such period: 

(d)    All references to the term  Final Maturity Date  in the Loan Agreement and the other Financing Agreements shall be deemed and each such reference is hereby replaced with the following: 
   Final Maturity Date  shall mean July 15, 2018. 
  (e)    All references to the term  Financial Covenant Compliance Period  in the Loan Agreement and the other Financing Agreements shall be deemed and each such reference is hereby replaced with the following: 
   Financial Covenant Compliance Period  shall mean the period commencing on (1) any date from October 1, 2016 through and including March 31, 2017 on which Excess Availability is less than $32,500,000 and (2) any date from April 1, 2017 and thereafter on which Excess Availability has been less than the greater of (a) the Financial Covenant Compliance Excess Availability for such applicable period  

and (b) the amount equal to twelve and one-half (12.5%) percent of the lesser of (i) the sum of (A) the Borrowing Base and (B) the Tranche A Borrowing Base or (ii) the Maximum Credit, and ending on a subsequent date on which Excess Availability has been equal to or greater than the greater of (a) $45,000,000, and (b) the amount equal to twelve and one-half (12.5%) percent of the lesser of (i) the sum of (A) the Borrowing Base and (B) the Tranche A Borrowing Base or (ii) the Maximum Credit, for the sixtieth (60th) consecutive day. 
  (f)    All references to the term  Revolving Loan Threshold Limit  in the Loan Agreement and the other Financing Agreements shall be deemed and each such reference is hereby replaced with the following: 
   Revolving Loan Threshold Limit  shall mean the amount, calculated at any time, equal to $335,000,000, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.1(e) hereof.   
  (g)    All references to the term  Sanctioned Entity  in the Loan Agreement and other  Financing Agreements shall be deemed and each such reference is hereby replaced with the following: 
   Sanctioned Entity  means (a) a country or a government of a country, (b) an agency of the government of a country, (c) an organization directly or indirectly controlled by a country or its government, or (d) a Person resident in or determined to be resident in a country, in each case of clauses (a) through (d) that is a target of Sanctions, including a target of any country sanctions program administered and enforced by OFAC. 
  (h)    All references to the term  Sanctioned Person  in the Loan Agreement and other  Financing Agreements shall be deemed and each such reference is hereby replaced with the following: 
   Sanctioned Person  means, at any time, (a) any Person named on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons maintained by OFAC, or any other Sanctions-related list maintained by any relevant Sanctions authority, (b) a Person or legal entity that is a target of Sanctions, (c) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Entity, or (d) any Person directly or indirectly owned or controlled (individually or in the aggregate) by or acting on behalf of any such Person or Persons described in clauses (a) through (c) of this definition. 
  (i)    All references to the term  Tranche A Loan Limit  in the Loan Agreement and the other Financing Agreements shall be deemed and each such reference is hereby replaced with the following:  
   Tranche A Loan Limit  shall mean (a) from October 1, 2016 through and including October  31, 2016, $16,000,000, (b) from November 1, 2016 through and including July 14, 2018, as set forth on Schedule A hereto, and (c) on and after July 15, 2018, the Tranche A Loan Limit shall be $-0-;   provided  ,   that  , to the extent the conditions set forth in Section 2.1(d)(i)(y) hereof are not satisfied on the date of any such reduction, the Tranche A Loan Limit shall not be reduced by such scheduled reduction amount.  If the conditions  set forth in Section 2.1(d)(i)(y) hereof are satisfied on the date of any subsequent reduction, the Tranche A Loan Limit shall be reduced by the amount of such scheduled reduction set forth on Schedule A hereto.     
  (j)    All references to the term  Tranche A Loan Maturity Date  in the Loan Agreement and the other Financing Agreements shall be deemed and each such reference is hereby replaced with the following:  
   Tranche A Loan Maturity Date  shall mean July 15, 2018 or earlier in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof.  
  1.3      Interpretation  .  Capitalized terms used herein which are not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to them in the Loan Agreement. 
  Section 2.      Amendments to Loan Agreement  . 

2.1      Tranche A Loans  .  Sections 2.1(d)(i) of the Loan Agreement is hereby replaced with the following:  
   (i)    Borrowers shall make mandatory payments or prepayments of principal in respect of the Tranche A Loans prior to the Final Maturity Date (A) on the date of any regularly scheduled reduction in the amount of the Tranche A Loan Limit to the extent a payment is required to be made to reduce the outstanding Tranche A Loans to the amount equal to or less than the then effective Tranche A Loan Limit, (B) using net cash proceeds of the sale of Capital Stock after March 14, 2014 by a Borrower or Guarantor or one of  its Subsidiaries (including BlueLinx Building Products Canada Ltd.) in accordance with Section 9.7(b)(iv) hereof or by Parent Guarantor or one of its Subsidiaries (other than a Borrower, Guarantor, BlueLinx or Building Products Canada Ltd.) or a sale of equity interests in an SPE Propco in accordance with Section 9.24(b)(iii) hereof) and (C) using net cash proceeds from the issuance of any Indebtedness after March 14, 2014 by a Borrower or Guarantor or one of its Subsidiaries (including BlueLinx Building Products Canada Ltd.) in accordance with Section 9.9(f) or 9.9(o) hereof or by Parent Guarantor or one of its Subsidiaries (other than a Borrower, Guarantor or  BlueLinx Building Products Canada Ltd.) or the incurrence of any Indebtedness, the net proceeds of which are used to repay the Mortgage Loan by an SPE Propco in accordance with Section 9.24(b)(ii) hereof), so long as (x) in the case of the immediately preceding clauses (B) and (C), as the case may be, the following conditions shall have been  satisfied: (1) on and after giving effect to such payment or prepayment, Excess Availability is not less than $50,000,000, and (2) on and after giving effect to any such payment or prepayment, no Event of Default shall exist or have occurred and be continuing, and (y) in the case of the immediately preceding clause (A), commencing with any payment or prepayment on and after August 1, 2017 through, but not including the Tranche A Loan Maturity Date, the following conditions shall have been satisfied: (1) on and after giving effect to such payment or prepayment, Excess Availability is not less than $50,000,000, and (2) on and after giving effect to any such payment or prepayment, no Event of Default shall exist or have occurred and be continuing; and    
  2.2      Use of Proceeds  .  Section 6.7 of the Loan Agreement is hereby replaced with the following:  
        6.7      Use of Proceeds  .  All Loans made or provided by or on behalf of Lenders to Borrowers pursuant to the provisions hereof shall be used by Borrowers only for general operating, working capital and other proper corporate purposes of Borrowers not otherwise prohibited by the terms hereof.  None of the proceeds will be used, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin security or for the purposes of reducing or retiring any indebtedness which was originally incurred to purchase or carry any margin security or for any other purpose which might cause any of the Loans to be considered a  purpose credit  within the meaning of Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as amended. Borrowers, Guarantors and Parent Guarantor shall not use, directly or indirectly, the proceeds of any Loans to make any payments to a Sanctioned Entity or a Sanctioned Person, to finance any investments in a Sanctioned Entity or a Sanctioned Person, to fund any operations of a Sanctioned Entity or a Sanctioned Person, that in each case is prohibited by any applicable Sanctions, or in any other manner that would result in a violation of Sanctions by any Person.  
  2.3      Settlement  .  Section 6.10(d) of the Loan Agreement is hereby replaced with the following: 
   (d) If Agent is not funding a particular Loan to Borrowers pursuant to this Section on any day, Agent may assume that each Lender will make available to Agent such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Loan requested or otherwise made on such day and Agent may, in its discretion, but shall not be obligated to, cause a corresponding amount to be made available to Borrowers on such day.  If Agent makes such corresponding amount available to Borrowers and such corresponding amount is not in fact made available to Agent by such Lender, Agent shall be entitled to recover such corresponding amount on demand from such Lender together with interest thereon for each day from the date such payment was due until the date such amount is paid to Agent at the interest rate provided for in Section 3.1 hereof.  During the period in which such Lender has not paid such corresponding amount to Agent, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or any of the other Financing Agreements, the amount so advanced by Agent to Borrowers shall, for all purposes hereof, be a Loan made by Agent for its own account.  Upon any such failure by a Lender to pay Agent, Agent shall promptly thereafter notify Administrative Borrower of  

such failure and Borrowers shall immediately pay such corresponding amount to Agent for its own account.  Agent shall not be obligated to transfer to a Defaulting Lender any payments made by or on behalf of any Borrower or any Guarantor to Agent for the Defaulting Lender s benefit, nor shall a Defaulting Lender be entitled to the sharing of any payments hereunder.  Amounts payable to a Defaulting Lender shall instead be paid to or retained by Agent.  Agent may hold and, in its discretion, re-lend to Borrowers the amount of all such payments received or retained by it for the account of such Defaulting Lender.  For purposes of voting or consenting to matters with respect to this Agreement and the other Financing Agreements and determining Pro Rata Shares, such Defaulting Lender shall be deemed not to be a Lender and such Defaulting Lender s Commitment shall be deemed to be zero (0).  This Section shall remain effective with respect to a Defaulting Lender until such default is cured.  The operation of this Section shall not be construed to increase or otherwise affect the Commitment of any Lender, or relieve or excuse the performance by any Borrower or any Guarantor of their duties and obligations hereunder.  
  2.4      Patriot Act  .  Section 8.20 of the Loan Agreement is hereby replaced with the following: 
        8.20       Patriot Act  .  To the extent applicable, Parent Guarantor, each Borrower and each Guarantor is in compliance, in all material respects, with the (a) Trading with the Enemy Act, as amended, and each of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 CFR, Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended) and any other enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto, and (b) Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA Patriot Act of 2001) (the  Patriot Act ).  No part of any Loan or Letter of Credit shall be used, and Parent Guarantor, each Borrower, each Guarantor and their Subsidiaries shall procure that its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Loan or Letter of Credit (a) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (b) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Entity in violation of applicable Sanctions, or (c)  in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto.  
  2.5      OFAC  .  Section 8.21 of the Loan Agreement is hereby replaced with the following: 
   8.21      OFAC/Sanctions  .  Neither Parent Guarantor, nor any Borrower, nor any Guarantor nor any of their Subsidiaries is in violation of any Sanctions  .    Neither Parent Guarantor, nor any Borrower, nor any Guarantor nor any of their Subsidiaries nor any director or officer of Parent Guarantor, Borrower or any Guarantor, nor to the knowledge of Parent Guarantor, any such Borrower, such Guarantor or any of their Subsidiaries, any employee, agent or Affiliate of Parent Guarantor, such Borrower, such Guarantor or such Subsidiary (a) is a Sanctioned Person or a Sanctioned Entity, (b) has any assets located in Sanctioned Entities, or (c) derives revenues from investments in, or transactions with Sanctioned Persons or Sanctioned Entities, in each case in violation of applicable Sanctions.  Each of Parent Guarantor, Borrowers, Guarantors and their Subsidiaries has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by Parent Guarantor, Borrowers, Guarantors and their Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with the Anti-Corruption Laws.  Each of Parent Guarantor, Borrowers, Guarantors and their Subsidiaries, and to the knowledge of each of Parent Guarantor, Borrowers, Guarantors and their Subsidiaries, each director, officer, employee, agent and Affiliate of Parent Guarantor, each such Borrower, each such Guarantor and each such Subsidiary, is in compliance with the Anti-Corruption Laws in all material respects.  No proceeds of any Loan made or Letter of Credit issued hereunder will be used to fund any operations in, finance any investments or activities in, or make any payments to, a Sanctioned Person or a Sanctioned Entity in violation of applicable Sanctions, or otherwise used in any manner that would result in a violation of any applicable Sanction by any Person (including Agent, any Secured Party or any of their Affiliates or other individual or entity participating in any transaction).  
  2.6      Encumbrances  .  Section 9.8(k) of the Loan Agreement is hereby replaced with the following: 

(k)    pledges and deposits of cash by any Borrower or any Guarantor after the date hereof in the ordinary course of business and commercially reasonable in connection with Real Property leases, workers  compensation, unemployment insurance and other types of social security benefits or in connection with obligations under Hedging Transactions;  
  2.7      Excess Availability  .  Section 9.23 of the Loan Agreement is hereby replaced with the following:  
   9.23      Excess Availability  .  Borrowers shall at all times maintain Excess Availability of not less than the following amounts during the following time periods:  

;  provided  ,   that  , commencing on and after August 1, 2017, if a mandatory reduction of the Tranche A Loan Limit is not made on the date of such reduction as set forth in the definition of Tranche A Loan  

Limit because the conditions to such reduction are not satisfied in accordance with Section 2.1(d)(i) hereof, the amount of Excess Availability set forth in this Section 9.23 next to the applicable measurement period shall be permanently increased by the amount of the Tranche A Loan Limit reduction that was not made on the date set forth in the definition of Tranche A Loan Limit. The amounts of any such increases in Excess Availability shall be cumulative so that the aggregate amount of all Tranche A Loan Limit reductions that are not made are added to the aggregate amount of Excess Availability set forth in this Section 9.23.  
  2.8      Amendments and Waivers  . 
  (a)    Section 11.3(a)(ii)(F) of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended by replacing the reference to  July 15, 2017  with the reference to  July 15, 2018 . 
  (b)    Section 11.3(a)(v)(B) of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended by replacing the reference to  July 15, 2017  with the reference to  July 15, 2018 . 
  2.9      Patriot Act  .  Section 13.11 of the Loan Agreement is hereby replaced with the following:  
   13.11      Patriot Act  .  Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the Patriot Act hereby notifies Borrowers that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Borrower, which information includes the name and address of each Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender to identify each Borrower in accordance with the Patriot Act.  In addition, if Agent is required by law or regulation or internal policies to do so, it shall have the right to periodically conduct (a) Patriot Act searches, OFAC/PEP searches, and customary individual background checks for Parent Guarantor, any Borrower or any Guarantor and (b) OFAC/PEP searches and customary individual  background checks for Parent Guarantor s, any Borrower s or any Guarantor s senior management and key principals, and Parent Guarantor, each Borrower and each Guarantor agrees to cooperate in respect of the conduct of such searches and further agrees that the reasonable costs and charges for such searches shall constitute Lender Expenses hereunder and be for the account of Borrowers.  
  2.10      EU Bail-In Acknowledgment  .  A new Section 13.12 is hereby added to the Credit Agreement as follows: 
   13.12      Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any EEA Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by:  
  (a)  the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an EEA Financial Institution; and 
  (b)  the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 
  (i)    a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 
  (ii)     a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 

(iii)    the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of any EEA Resolution Authority.  
  Section 3.      Amendments to Exhibits and Schedules  .    
  3.1    A new Schedule A to the Loan Agreement (Tranche A Loan Limit) is hereby added to the Loan Agreement attached as Exhibit A to this Amendment No. 13. 
  3.2    Schedule 1.1 to the Loan Agreement (Revolving Loan Commitments) is hereby replaced with the Schedule 1.1 to the Loan Agreement attached as Exhibit B to this Amendment No. 13. 
  3.3    Schedule 1.2 to the Loan Agreement (Tranche A Loan Commitments) is hereby replaced with the Schedule 1.2 to the Loan Agreement attached as Exhibit C to this Amendment No. 13. 
  Section 4.      Representations and Warranties  . Borrowers and Guarantors, jointly and severally, represent and warrant with and to Agent and Lenders as follows, which representations and warranties, together with the representations and warranties in the other Financing Agreements, shall survive the execution and delivery hereof, and the truth and correctness thereof, in all material respects, being a continuing condition of the making of any Loans by Lenders (or Agent on behalf of Lenders) to Borrowers:  
  4.1    This Amendment No. 13  has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by all necessary action on the part of Borrowers and Guarantors which are a party hereto and is in full force and effect as of the date hereof, as the case may be, and the obligations of Borrowers or Guarantors contained herein constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of Borrowers and Guarantors, as the case may be, enforceable against them in accordance with their terms, except as enforceability is limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws relating to or affecting generally the enforcement of creditors  rights and except to the extent that availability of the remedy of specific performance or injunctive relief is subject to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought.  
  4.2    The execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment No. 13 and each other agreement or instrument to be executed and delivered by Parent Guarantor, Borrowers or Guarantors hereunder (a) are all within Parent Guarantor s, Borrowers  and Guarantors  corporate or limited liability company powers, (b) are not in contravention of law or the terms of Parent Guarantor s, Borrowers  or Guarantors  certificate of incorporation, by laws, certificate of formation, operating agreements or other organizational documentation, or any indenture, agreement or undertaking to which Parent Guarantor, each Borrower and Guarantor is a party or by which or its property are bound and (c) will not result in the creation or imposition of, or require or give rise to any obligation to grant, any lien, security interest, charge or other encumbrance upon any property of Parent Guarantor, Borrowers or Guarantors, except as provided in the Financing Agreements.  
  4.3    On or before November 30, 2016 (unless extended by Agent in its sole discretion, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld and which consent may be effected by e-mail), Borrowers and Guarantors shall deliver to Agent true, correct and complete copies of all of the material Mortgage Loan Documents.  After giving effect to the provisions of this Amendment No. 13, no Mortgage Loan Default or Mortgage Loan Event of Default exists or has occurred and is continuing.  
  4.4    All of the representations and warranties set forth in the Loan Agreement as amended hereby, and the other Financing Agreements, are true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects in the case of any representation and warranty qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Change) after giving effect to the provisions of this Amendment No. 13, except to the extent any such representation or warranty is made as of a specified date, in which case such representation or warranty shall have been true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects in the case of any representation and warranty qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Change) as of such date.  

4.5    After giving effect to the provisions of this Amendment No. 13, no Default or Event of Default exists or has occurred and is continuing.  
  Section 5.      Release by Parent, Guarantor, Borrowers and Guarantors  . 
  5.1      Release  .   
  (a)    In consideration of the agreements of Agent and Lenders contained herein, and the continued making of the loans, advances and other accommodations by Lenders (or Agent on behalf of Lenders) to Borrowers pursuant to the Loan Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, Parent Guarantor, each Borrower and Guarantor, on behalf of itself and its successors, assigns, and other legal representatives, hereby, jointly and severally, absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably releases, remises and forever discharges Agent, each Lender, and its present and former shareholders, affiliates, subsidiaries, divisions, predecessors, directors, officers, attorneys, employees, agents and other representatives and their respective successors and assigns (Lender and all such other parties being hereinafter referred to collectively as the  Releasees  and individually as a  Releasee ), of and from all demands, actions, causes of action, suits, covenants, contracts, controversies, agreements, promises, sums of money, accounts, bills, reckonings, damages and any and all other claims, counterclaims, defenses, rights of set-off, demands and liabilities whatsoever (individually, a  Claim  and collectively,  Claims ) of every name and nature, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, both at law and in equity, which each of Parent Guarantor, any Borrower or Guarantor, or any of its successors, assigns, or other legal representatives and their respective successors and assigns may now or hereafter own, hold, have or claim to have against the Releasees or any of them for, upon, or by reason of any nature, cause or thing whatsoever which arises at any time on or prior to the day and date of this Amendment No. 13, including, without limitation, for or on account of, or in relation to, or in any way in connection with the Loan Agreement, as amended and supplemented through the date hereof, and the other Financing Agreements.    
  (b)    Parent Guarantor and each Borrower and Guarantor understands, acknowledges and agrees that the release set forth above may be pleaded as a full and complete defense and may be used as a basis for an injunction against any action, suit or other proceeding which may be instituted, prosecuted or attempted in breach of the provisions of such release. 
  (c)    Parent Guarantor and each Borrower and Guarantor agrees that no fact, event, circumstance, evidence or transaction which could now be asserted or which may hereafter be discovered shall affect in any manner the final and unconditional nature of the release set forth above. 
  (d)    Parent Guarantor, Borrowers and Guarantors represent and warrant that each such Person is the sole and lawful owner of all right, title and interest in and to all of the claims released hereby and each such Person has not heretofore voluntarily, by operation of law or otherwise, assigned or transferred or purported to assign or transfer to any person any such claim or any portion thereof.   
  (e)    Nothing contained herein shall constitute an admission of liability with respect to any Claim on the part of any Releasee.   
  5.2      Covenant Not to Sue  .  Parent Guarantor and each Borrower and Guarantor, on behalf of itself and its successors, assigns, and other legal representatives, hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably, jointly and severally, covenants and agrees with each Releasee that it will not sue (at law, in equity, in any regulatory proceeding or otherwise) any Releasee on the basis of any Claim released, remised and discharged by Parent Guarantor, any Borrower or Guarantor pursuant to Section 5.1 hereof.  If Parent Guarantor, any Borrower or Guarantor  violates the foregoing covenant, Parent Guarantor, each Borrower and Guarantor agrees to pay, in addition to such other damages as any Releasee may sustain as a result of such violation, all attorneys  fees and costs incurred by any Releasee as a result of such violation. 
  5.3      Waiver of Statutory Provisions  .  PARENT GUARANTOR, EACH BORROWER AND EACH GUARANTOR HEREBY EXPLICITLY WAIVE ALL RIGHTS UNDER AND ANY BENEFITS OF ANY  

COMMON LAW OR STATUTORY RULE OR PRINCIPLE WITH RESPECT TO THE RELEASE OF SUCH CLAIMS, PARENT GUARANTOR, EACH  BORROWER AND EACH GUARANTOR) AGREE THAT NO SUCH COMMON LAW OR STATUTORY RULE OR PRINCIPLE SHALL AFFECT THE VALIDITY OR SCOPE OR ANY OTHER ASPECT OF THIS RELEASE. 
  Section 6.      Conditions Precedent  .  Concurrently with the execution and delivery hereof, and as a further condition to the effectiveness of this Amendment No. 13 and the agreement of Agent to the modifications and amendments set forth in this Amendment No. 13:  
  6.1    Agent shall have received an executed copy of an original or executed original counterparts of this Amendment No. 13 by electronic mail or facsimile (with the originals to be delivered within five (5) Business Days after the date hereof), duly authorized, executed and delivered by each Borrower and Guarantor; 
  6.2    each Borrower, Guarantor and Parent Guarantor shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to Agent a true and correct copy of any consent, waiver or approval to or of this Amendment No. 13, which any Borrower, Guarantor or Parent Guarantor is required to obtain from any other Person, and such consent, approval or waiver shall be in a form and substance satisfactory to Agent in its good faith determination; 
  6.3    all requisite corporate action and proceedings in connection with this Amendment No. 13 and the other Financing Agreements delivered in connection herewith, shall be satisfactory in form and substance to Agent, and Agent shall have received all information and copies of all documents, including records of requisite corporate action and proceedings which Agent may have requested in connection therewith, such documents where requested by Agent or its counsel to be certified by appropriate corporate officers or Governmental Authority; 
  6.4    Agent shall have received approvals of all Lenders required to consent to the amendments to the Loan Agreement and the other Financing Agreements, set forth in this Amendment No. 13; 
  6.5    Agent shall have received payment, or shall be authorized to charge the Borrowers  Loan Account for payment, of all fees (including all fees payable to Lenders) set forth in any fee letter between Agent and Borrowers with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Amendment No. 13; 
  6.6    all of the representations and warranties set forth in the Loan Agreement and the other Financing Agreements, each as amended by this Amendment No. 13, shall be true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects in the case of any representation and warranty qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Change) on and as of the date hereof, as if made on the date hereof, except to the extent any such representation or warranty is made as of a specified date, in which case such representation or warranty shall have been true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects in the case of any representation and warranty qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Change) as of such date; 
  6.7    all other documents and legal matters in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Amendment No. 13 shall have been delivered, executed, or recorded and shall be in form and substance satisfactory to Agent; and 
  6.8    after giving effect to the amendment contemplated by this Amendment No. 13, no Default or Event of Default shall exist or have occurred and be continuing.  
  Section 7.      Effect of this Amendment No. 13  .   
  7.1    Except as expressly set forth herein, no other amendments, changes or modifications to the Financing Agreements are intended or implied, and in all other respects the Financing Agreements are hereby specifically ratified, restated and confirmed by all parties hereto as of the date hereof and Borrowers and Guarantors shall not be entitled to any other or further amendment by virtue of the provisions of this Amendment No. 13 or with respect to the subject matter of this Amendment No. 13.  To the extent of conflict between the terms of this  

Amendment No. 13 and the other Financing Agreements, the terms of this Amendment No. 13 shall control.  The Loan Agreement and this Amendment No. 13 shall be read and construed as one agreement.  
  7.2    All references to time periods, measurement periods, dates and amounts in the definitions of Financial Covenant Compliance Excess Availability, Financial Covenant Compliance Period, Tranche A Loan Limit and Tranche A Loan Commitments and in Section 9.23 of the Loan Agreement, shall be amended for the time periods and amounts set forth herein on and after the Amendment No. 13 Effective Date. All references to the time periods, measurement periods, dates and amounts in the definitions of Financial Covenant Compliance Excess Availability, Financial Covenant Compliance Period, Tranche A Loan Limit and Tranche A Commitment and in Section 9.23 of the Loan Agreement in effect prior to the Amendment No. 13 Effective Date shall apply to the extent any of the financial or other information used to calculate such amounts for any applicable measurement period is or may be incorrect such that such amount calculated at any prior measurement period shall have been incorrect, Borrowers and Guarantors shall promptly inform Agent of such event.  If the corrected information would result in a breach of the applicable covenant in the Loan Agreement, such breach shall, at Agent s option, constitute an Event of Default.  Agent specifically reserves all of its rights and remedies under the Loan Agreement and the other Financing Agreements with respect to the delivery by Borrowers and Guarantors of such incorrect information and the calculation of the amounts for any such applicable measurement period.    
  Section 8.      Further Assurances  . Borrowers and Guarantors shall execute and deliver such additional documents and take such additional action as may be reasonably requested by Agent to effectuate the provisions and purposes set forth in this Amendment No. 13.      
  Section 9.      Governing Law  . The validity, interpretation and enforcement of this Amendment No. 13 and any dispute arising out of the relationship between the parties hereto, whether in contract, tort, equity or otherwise, shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of New York but excluding any principles of conflict of laws or other rule of law that would cause the application of the law of any jurisdiction other than the laws of the State of New York.  
  Section 10.      Binding Effect  . This Amendment No. 13 shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Borrowers, Guarantors, Agent and Lenders and their respective successors and assigns.  
  Section 11.      Waiver, Modification, Etc.    No provision or term of this Amendment No. 13 may be modified, altered, waived, discharged or terminated orally, but only by an instrument in writing executed by the party against whom such modification, alteration, waiver, discharge or termination is sought to be enforced. 
  Section 12.      Entire Agreement  .  This Amendment No. 13 represents the entire agreement and understanding concerning the subject matter hereof among the parties hereto, and supersedes all other prior agreements, understandings, negotiations and discussions, representations, warranties, commitments, proposals, offers and contracts concerning the subject matter hereof, whether oral or written. 
  Section 13.      Headings  .  The headings listed herein are for convenience only and do not constitute matters to be construed in interpreting this Amendment No. 13. 
  Section 14.      Counterparts  .  This Amendment No. 13 may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Amendment No. 13 by telefacsimile or other electronic transmission shall have the same force and effect as the delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Amendment No. 13.  Any party delivering an executed counterpart of this Amendment No. 13 by telefacsimile or other electronic transmission shall also deliver an original executed counterpart, but the failure to do so shall not affect the validity, enforceability or binding effect of this Amendment No. 13. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment No. 13 to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
  BORROWERS 
    
  BLUELINX CORPORATION 
  By:      /s/ Susan C. O'Farrell 
  Name: Susan C. O'Farrell 
  Title: Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, and Principal Accounting Officer 
    
  BLUELINX FLORIDA LP 
  By: BlueLinx Florida Holding No. 2 Inc., its General Partner 
  By:      /s/ Susan C. O'Farrell 
  Name: Susan C. O'Farrell 
  Title: Treasurer 
    
  GUARANTORS 
    
  BLUELINX FLORIDA HOLDING NO. 1 INC. 
  By:      /s/ Susan C. O'Farrell 
  Name: Susan C. O'Farrell 
  Title: Treasurer 
    
  BLUELINX FLORIDA HOLDING NO. 2 INC. 
  By:      /s/ Susan C. O'Farrell 
  Name: Susan C. O'Farrell 
  Title: Treasurer 
    
  BLUELINX HOLDINGS INC. 
  By:      /s/ Susan C. O'Farrell 
  Name: Susan C. O'Farrell 
  Title: Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, and Principal Accounting Officer 
    
  AGENTS AND LENDERS 
    
  WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Agent and as a Revolving Loan Lender and Tranche A Loan Lender 
  By:   /s/ Thomas A. Martin 
  Name: Thomas A. Martin 
  Title: Vice President 
    
  BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,  as Joint Lead Arranger, Bookrunner and a Documentation Agent and as a Revolving Loan Lender and a Tranche A Loan Lender 
  By:     /s/ Douglas Cowan 
  Name: Douglas Cowan 
  Title: Senior Vice President 
    
  JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as a Documentation Agent and as a Revolving Loan Lender 
  By:   /s/ Eric A. Anderson 
  Name: Eric A. Anderson 
  Title: Authorized Officer 

REGIONS BANK, as Syndication Agent and as a Joint Bookrunner and as a Revolving Loan Lender 
  By:   /s/ Kathy Myers 
  Name: Kathy Myers 
  Title: Vice President  
    
  TD BANK, N.A., as a Revolving Loan Lender 
  By:   /s/ Bethany Buetenhuys 
  Name: Bethany Buetenhuys 
  Title: Vice President 
    
  PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Revolving Loan Lender 
  By:   /s/ Heath J. Hayes 
  Name: Heath J. Hayes 
  Title: Assistance Vice President 

EXHIBIT A  
  TO  
  AMENDMENT NO. 13 TO 
  AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 
    
  A new Schedule A to the Loan Agreement is hereby added as follows:  
    
  SCHEDULE A 
  TO 
  AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT    
  Tranche A Loan Limit 

;  provided  ,   that  , commencing on and after August 1, 2017 through but not including July 15, 2018, if a mandatory reduction of the Tranche A Loan Limit is not made on the date of such reduction as set forth above because the conditions to such reduction are not satisfied in accordance with Section 2.1(d)(i)(y) of the Loan Agreement, the Tranche A Loan Limit shall not be reduced on such date.  The amount of the Tranche A Loan Limit on such date shall thereafter remain in effect until the next scheduled mandatory reduction as provided above, and if the conditions to such reduction are satisfied in accordance with Section 2.1(d)(i)(y) of the Loan Agreement, then the Tranche A Loan Limit shall be reduced by the amount of the reduction on such subsequent mandatory reduction date.  

EXHIBIT B  
  TO  
  AMENDMENT NO. 13 TO 
  AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 
    
  Schedule 1.1 to the Loan Agreement is hereby replaced with the following:    
  SCHEDULE 1.1 
  TO 
  AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 
    
  Revolving Loan Commitments 

EXHIBIT C  
  TO  
  AMENDMENT NO. 13 TO 
  AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 
    
  Schedule 1.2 to the Loan Agreement is hereby replaced with the following:    
  SCHEDULE 1.2 
  TO 
  AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 
    
  Tranche A Loan Commitments 

*The Tranche A Loan Commitment of each Tranche A Loan Lender shall be reduced proportionally based on each Tranche A Loan Lender s Pro Rata Share as the Tranche A Loan Limit is reduced in accordance with the definition of the Tranche A Loan Limit and the other terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement. 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 bxc10012016ex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
    
   CERTIFICATION REQUIRED BY RULE 13a-14(a) OR RULE 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES 
  EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
    
  I, Mitchell B. Lewis, certify that: 
    
           (1) 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of BlueLinx Holdings Inc.; 
              (2) 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              (3) 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              (4) 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              (5) 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
                    November 10, 2016 
    /s/ Mitchell B. Lewis 
        
    Mitchell B. Lewis 
        
    President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 bxc10012016ex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION REQUIRED BY RULE 13a-14(a) OR RULE 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES 
   EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
    
  I, Susan C. O Farrell, certify that: 
    
           (1) 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of BlueLinx Holdings Inc.; 
              (2) 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              (3) 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              (4) 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              (5) 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
                    November 10, 2016 
    /s/ Susan C. O Farrell  
        
    Susan C. O Farrell 
        
    Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 bxc10012016ex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
    
  BLUELINX HOLDINGS INC. 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the quarterly report of BlueLinx Holdings Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending   October 1, 2016  , as filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Mitchell B. Lewis, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
    
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
                    November 10, 2016 
    /s/ Mitchell B. Lewis 
        
    Mitchell B. Lewis 
        
    President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 bxc10012016ex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
    
  BLUELINX HOLDINGS INC. 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the quarterly report of BlueLinx Holdings Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending   October 1, 2016  , as filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Susan C. O Farrell, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
    
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
                    November 10, 2016 
    /s/ Susan C. O Farrell 
        
    Susan C. O Farrell 
        
    Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 bxc-20160702.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 bxc-20160702.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 bxc-20160702_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 bxc-20160702_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 bxc-20160702_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 bxc-20160702_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

