<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1478121_0001193125-16-764435_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4096558</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>667495</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>231524</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>834955</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1339031</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>839700</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>37</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-764435.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109163654
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-764435
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		61
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Pfenex Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001478121
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				271356759
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36540
		FILM NUMBER:		161984740

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10790 ROSELLE STREET
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121
		BUSINESS PHONE:		858-352-4400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10790 ROSELLE STREET
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-764435.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 d255800d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  WASHINGTON, DC 20549        
       FORM 10-Q
            
  (Mark One)   
 
  For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016       
 
  For the transition period from
                             to
                               
  Commission file number: 001-36540        
       PFENEX INC.
     (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

(858) 352-4400   
  (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes       No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer ,  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.     

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).       Yes       No    As of November 1, 2016, the registrant had
23,418,074 shares of Common Stock ($0.001 par value) outstanding.      

Table of Contents  

     PFENEX INC.   
  TABLE OF CONTENTS       

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1. Financial Statements    

3 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   

3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

5 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

6 

Item 
2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

14 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk   

22 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures   

23 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1. Legal Proceedings   

24 

Item 1A. Risk Factors   

24 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds   

59 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

59 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures   

59 

Item 5. Other Information   

59 

Item 6. Exhibits   

59 

SIGNATURES     

60 

EXHIBIT INDEX     

61 

Table of Contents  

   PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS          PFENEX INC.   
  Consolidated Balance Sheets       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

     PFENEX INC.   
  Consolidated Statements of Operations   
  (unaudited)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

     PFENEX INC.   
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
  (unaudited)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

     PFENEX INC.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (unaudited)      1. Organization and
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies      Business Activities and Organization   
 Pfenex Inc. ( Company  or  Pfenex ) was incorporated in the state of Delaware in 2009. Pfenex is a clinical-stage
biotechnology company engaged in the development of biosimilar and therapeutic equivalents to branded therapeutics and other high-value and difficult to manufacture proteins. The Company s lead product candidate is PF582, a biosimilar candidate
to Lucentis (ranibizumab). Lucentis is marketed by Genentech, Inc., a wholly-owned member of the Roche Group and Novartis AG, for the treatment of patients with retinal diseases. The Company completed a Phase 1/2 trial in patients with wet
age-related macular degeneration, or wet AMD, with Hospira, Inc. ( Hospira ), a subsidiary of Pfizer Inc. (collectively with Hospira,  Pfizer ). Pfenex regained full rights to PF582 following Pfizer s strategic review of the
current therapeutic focus of its biosimilar pipeline. To that effect, in August 2016, the Company and Pfizer entered into a termination agreement, pursuant to which the development and license agreement was terminated and all rights to PF582 were
returned to the Company. The termination accelerated recognition of $45.8 million of revenue that had been previously deferred. The Company also announced results of the Phase 1/2 trial in the third quarter of 2016 for PF582. The Company s next
most advanced product candidate is PF708. PF708 is a therapeutic equivalent candidate to Forteo (teriparatide), marketed by Eli Lilly and Company, for the treatment of osteoporosis. A bioequivalence study for PF708 was completed in the second
quarter of 2016. In addition to the Company s two lead product candidates, its pipeline includes six other biosimilar candidates as well as vaccines and next generation biologic candidates. The Company initiated a Phase 1a study for its
recombinant anthrax vaccine at the end of 2015 and announced interim Day 70 results in the third quarter of 2016.    The Company s
revenue in the near term is primarily related to monetizing its protein production platform through collaboration agreements, service agreements, government contracts and reagent protein product sales which may provide for various types of payments,
including upfront payments, funding of research and development, milestone payments, intellectual property access fees and licensing fees.     Follow-on
Public Offering     In April 2015, the Company completed a follow-on public offering pursuant to which it sold 2,610,000 shares of its
common stock at a price to the public of $15.50 per share. In addition, certain existing stockholders sold 4,140,000 shares of common stock in the underwritten public offering at the same per-share price. The total proceeds the Company received from
the offering were approximately $38.0 million, net of underwriting discounts and commissions of approximately $2.4 million. After deducting estimated offering expenses of approximately $0.6 million, net proceeds to the Company were $37.4 million.
    Subsidiary   Pfenex India Development Private Limited ( Pfenex India )   
 In July 2016, to assist with the continued research and development of its pipeline products, the Company formed a new entity in India. An
application for incorporation with the Government of India Ministry of Corporate Affairs was filed and approved for the Company s subsidiary, Pfenex India Development Private Limited. There has been limited activity in the subsidiary,
consisting mainly of set-up costs, and all intercompany transactions have been eliminated in the consolidated financial statements.  
 Pfenex India uses its local currency, the India Rupee, as its functional currency, the local currency denominated assets and liabilities are
translated at the period end exchange rates, and costs and expenses are translated at the period end exchange rates during the periods then ended. If material, adjustments resulting from foreign currency translation are included as a component
of accumulated other comprehensive income or loss.     Basis of Presentation   
 The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting
principles ( U.S. GAAP ) for interim financial information and with the instructions of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on Form 10-Q and Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of
the information and disclosures required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements include all adjustments necessary, which are of a normal and
recurring nature, for the fair presentation of the Company s financial position and of the results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. These consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited
financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the SEC. The results of operations for the interim period shown in this report are not
necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any other interim period or for the full year.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

  Certain immaterial reclassifications of 2015 amounts have been made to conform with the 2016
presentation.     Use of Estimates     The
preparation of the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts (including assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses)
and related disclosures. Estimates have been prepared on the basis of the most current and best available information. However, actual results could differ from those estimates.  
  Cash and Cash Equivalents     The Company
considers all highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into cash and have an original maturity of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents.  
  Restricted Cash     As discussed in Note 6,
the Company had a line of credit with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association ( Wells Fargo ) under which the Company could borrow up to $3.9 million. The line of credit was secured by a security interest of first priority in favor of
Wells Fargo in all funds deposited into the Company s money market account held at Wells Fargo. In February 2016, the Company terminated the credit facility and repaid the amount outstanding using its restricted cash.  
  Concentrations     Financial instruments
that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents, investments and accounts and unbilled receivables. The Company has established guidelines intended to limit its exposure to credit
risk by placing investments with high credit quality financial institutions, diversifying its investment portfolio and placing investments with maturities that help maintain safety and liquidity. All cash and cash equivalents were held at three
major financial institutions as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. For the Company s cash position of $93.6 million as of September 30, 2016, the Company has exposure to credit loss for amounts in excess of insured limits in the
event of non-performance by the institutions; however, the Company does not anticipate non-performance.    Additional credit risk is related
to the Company s concentration of receivables. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, receivables were concentrated among one customer representing 76% and one customer representing 88% of total net receivables,
respectively. The Company recognized $45.8 million in revenue upon termination of the Pfizer agreement in August 2016. Revenue from Pfizer represented 94% and 88% of total revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
respectively. Two customers, including Pfizer, represented 77% and four customers, including Pfizer, represented 83% of revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. There were no supplier concentrations.
   A portion of revenue is earned from sales outside the United States. Non-U.S. revenue is denominated in U.S. dollars. A breakdown of the
Company s net revenue from U.S. and non-U.S. sources for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is as follows:      
   During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, no single foreign country accounted for more than
10% of the Company s revenue. During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, revenue earned from non-recurring sales in Japan accounted for 11% of the Company s revenue. During the three months ended September 30, 2015, no
single foreign country accounted for more than 10% of the Company s revenue.     Revenue   
 The Company s revenue is related to the monetization of its protein production platform through collaboration agreements, service
agreements, license agreements, government contracts and sales of reagent protein products which may provide for various types of payments, including upfront payments, funding of research and development, milestone payments, intellectual property
 
      7  

Table of Contents  

access fees and licensing fees. The Company s revenue generating agreements also include potential revenues for achieving milestones and for product royalties.  
 The Company considers a variety of factors in determining the appropriate method of accounting for its collaboration agreements, including
whether multiple deliverables can be separated and accounted for individually as separate units of accounting. Where there are multiple deliverables within a collaboration agreement that cannot be separated and therefore are combined into a single
unit of accounting, revenues are deferred and recognized using the relevant guidance over the estimated period of performance. If the deliverables can be separated, the Company applies the relevant revenue recognition guidance to each individual
deliverable. The specific methodology for the recognition of the underlying revenue is determined on a case-by-case basis according to the facts and circumstances applicable to each agreement.  
 Upfront, non-refundable licensing payments are assessed to determine whether or not the licensee is able to obtain standalone value from the
license apart from the other deliverables in the arrangement. Where the license does not have standalone value, non-refundable license fees are recorded as deferred revenue and recognized as revenue as the Company performs under the applicable
agreement. Where the level of effort is relatively consistent over the performance period, the Company recognizes fixed or determinable revenue on a straight-line basis over the estimated period of performance. Where the license has
standalone value, the Company recognizes total license revenue at the time all revenue recognition criteria have been met.    Nonrefundable
payments for research funding are generally recognized as revenue over the period the underlying research activities are performed.  
 Revenues under service agreements are recorded as services are performed. These agreements do not require scientific achievement as a
performance obligation and provide for payment when services are rendered. All such revenue is nonrefundable. Upfront, nonrefundable payments for license fees, exclusivity and feasibility services received in excess of amounts earned are classified
as deferred revenue and recognized as income over the contract term or period of performance based on the nature of the related agreement.  
 The Company recognizes revenue for its cost plus fixed fee government contracts in accordance with the authoritative guidance for revenue
recognition including the authoritative guidance specific to federal government contractors. Reimbursable costs under its government contracts primarily include direct labor, materials, subcontracts, accountable property and indirect costs. In
addition, the Company receives a fixed fee under its government contracts, which is unconditionally earned as allowable costs are incurred and is not contingent on success factors. Reimbursable costs under the Company s government contracts,
including the fixed fee, are recognized as revenue in the period the reimbursable costs are incurred and become billable.    The Company
assesses milestone payments on an individual basis and recognizes revenue from nonrefundable milestone payments when the earnings process is complete and the payment is reasonably assured. Nonrefundable milestone payments related to arrangements
under which the Company has continuing performance obligations are recognized as revenue upon achievement of the associated milestone, provided that (i) the milestone event is substantive and its achievability was not reasonably assured at the
inception of the agreement and (ii) the amount of the milestone payment is reasonable in relation to the effort expended or the risk associated with the milestone event. Where separate milestone payments do not meet these criteria, the Company
recognizes revenue using a contingency-adjusted performance model over the period of performance. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, no revenue in connection with the achievement of milestones has been recognized.  
 The Company s reagent protein products are comprised of internally developed reagent protein products and those purchased from original
manufacturers for resale. Revenues for reagent product sales are reflected net of attributable sales tax. The Company generally offers a 30 day return policy. The Company recognizes reagent product revenue from product sales when it is realized
or realizable and earned. Revenue is realized or realizable and earned when all of the following criteria are met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (2) delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, (3) the
Company s price to the buyer is fixed or determinable, and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. Revenue from sales transactions where the buyer has the right to return the product is recognized at the time of sale only if:
(1) the Company s price to the buyer is substantially fixed or determinable at the date of sale, (2) the buyer has paid the Company, or the buyer is obligated to pay the Company and the obligation is not contingent on resale of the
product, (3) the buyer s obligation to the Company would not be changed in the event of theft or physical destruction or damage of the product, (4) the buyer acquiring the product for resale has economic substance apart from that
provided by the Company, (5) the Company does not have significant obligations for future performance to directly bring about resale of the product by the buyer, and (6) the amount of future returns can be reasonably estimated. As of
September 30, 2016, the Company has had minimal product returns related to reagent protein product sales. However, given the nature of the products, the Company has recorded reserves of $8 thousand and $1 thousand for warranty and return rights at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The reserve is a component of accounts and unbilled receivables, net in the accompanying unaudited consolidated balance sheets. Revenue under arrangements where the Company outsources the
cost of fulfillment to third parties is evaluated as to whether the related amounts should be recorded gross or net. The Company records amounts collected from the customer as revenue, and the  
      8  

Table of Contents  

amounts paid to suppliers as cost of revenue when it holds all or substantially all of the risks and benefits related to the product or service. For transactions where the Company does not hold
all or substantially all the risk, the Company uses net reporting and therefore records the transaction as if the end-user made a purchase from the supplier with the Company acting as a sales agent.  
  Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements   
 In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09
Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC 605, Revenue Recognition. This ASU is based on the principle that revenue is recognized to depict the transfer of goods or services to
customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The ASU also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and
cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. The effective date will be the first quarter of fiscal year 2019 using
one of two retrospective application methods. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this accounting standard update on its financial statements.  
 In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern. The provisions of ASU 2014-15
provide that, in connection with preparing financial statements for each annual and interim reporting period, an entity s management should evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial
doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. ASU 2014-15 is effective for the annual reporting period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual and
interim periods thereafter. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the effect that the adoption of ASU 2014-15 will have on its financial statement disclosures.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02 Leases (Topic 842), which requires lessees to recognize  right of use  assets
and liabilities for all leases with lease terms of more than 12 months. The ASU requires additional quantitative and qualitative financial statement footnote disclosures about the leases, significant judgments made in accounting for those
leases and amounts recognized in the financial statements about those leases. The effective date will be the first quarter of fiscal year 2020. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this accounting standard update on its
financial statements.    In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee
Share-Based Payment Accounting. ASU 2016-09 requires among other things that all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies (including tax benefits of dividends on share-based payment awards) to be recognized as income tax expense or benefit in the
income statement. The tax effects of exercised or vested awards should be treated as discrete items in the reporting period in which they occur. An entity also should recognize excess tax benefits, and assess the need for a valuation allowance,
regardless of whether the benefit reduces taxes payable in the current period. The ASU also requires excess tax benefits to be classified along with other income tax cash flows as an operating activity in the statement of cash flows. This new
guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-09
on its financial statements.     2. Fair Value Measurements   
 Authoritative guidance defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in U.S. GAAP and requires disclosures about fair
value measurements.    Fair value is an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such, fair value is a market-based measurement that should be determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. As a basis for
considering such assumptions, a three-tier fair value hierarchy has been established, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows:      

Level 1  
      
 Observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 1 assets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 included the Company s cash and cash equivalents. There were
no Level 1 liabilities;  

Level 2  
      
 Inputs, other than the quoted prices in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly. The Company had no Level 2 assets or liabilities at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015; and  

Level 3  
      
 Unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of the fair value of assets or liabilities in which there is little or no market data. The Company had no Level 3 assets or liabilities at
September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015.  
 
      9  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents the Company s assets that are measured at fair value on a
recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:      
   Cash and money market funds at December 31, 2015 include restricted cash, which is included in current
assets on the balance sheet.     3. Property and Equipment   
 Property and equipment consisted of the following:      
   Total depreciation and amortization expense was included in selling, general and administrative expenses and
research and development in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations as follows:      
    4. Intangible Assets   
 Intangible assets consisted of the following:      
 
      10  

Table of Contents  

  Amortization expense was $0.1 million for both the three months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively, and $0.4 million for both the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Amortization expense is included within selling, general and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of
operations. As of September 30, 2016, estimated amortization expense for the next five years amounts to approximately $0.5 million per year.     5.
Accrued Liabilities     Accrued liabilities consisted of the following:  
   
    6. Line of Credit Obligation   
 The Company previously entered into two Revolving Line of Credit agreements with Wells Fargo ( LOCs ), the first of which was entered
into in May 2012 ( 2012 LOC ) and the second in June 2013 ( 2013 LOC ). The maximum capacity for the 2012 LOC and 2013 LOC was $1.5 million and $2.4 million, respectively, for a total capacity of $3.9 million. The LOCs were
collateralized by money market accounts held at Wells Fargo. In July 2015, the Company and Wells Fargo entered into the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and the Amended and Restated Revolving Line of Credit Note (together, the  Amended
Credit Facility ). The Amended Credit Facility replaced the LOCs and still provided the Company with a $3.9 million revolving line of credit which the Company could draw upon from time to time. The proceeds of the loans under the Amended Credit
Facility could be used for working capital and general corporate purposes. In February 2016, the Company terminated the Amended Credit Facility and repaid the approximately $3.8 million outstanding under the Amended Credit Facility using its
restricted cash.    As of December 31, 2015, the amount drawn down on the Amended Credit Facility was $3.8 million and bore a fixed
interest rate of 2.3%. The Company recognized $8 thousand of interest expense related to the LOCs for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The Company recognized $22 thousand and $67 thousand of interest expense related
to the LOCs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.     7. Commitments and Contingencies   
  Collaborative Arrangements     In February
2015, the Company entered into a development and license agreement with Pfizer for the development and commercialization of PF582. Under the terms of the development and license agreement, in March of 2015 the Company received a non-refundable
license payment of $51 million on receipt of antitrust approval. The Company regained the full rights to PF582 following Pfizer s strategic review of the current therapeutic focus of its biosimilar pipeline. To that effect, in August 2016, the
Company and Pfizer entered into a termination agreement, pursuant to which the development and license agreement was terminated and all rights to PF582 were returned to the Company. Due to the termination, $45.8 million of previously deferred
revenue was recognized in August. In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, $46.1 million and $48.0 million was recognized as license revenue, respectively. In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, $0.9 million and
$2.0 million was recognized as license revenue related to the Pfizer agreement, respectively.    In July 2016, the Company entered into
a development and license agreement (the  Jazz Agreement ) with Jazz Pharmaceuticals Ireland Limited ( Jazz ) for the development and commercialization of multiple early stage hematology product candidates. The agreement
also includes an option for Jazz to negotiate a license for a recombinant pegaspargase product candidate with the Company. Under the Jazz Agreement, Pfenex received an upfront and option payment totaling $15 million in July 2016 and may be
eligible to receive additional payments of up to $166 million based on achievement of certain research and development, regulatory and sales related milestones, including up to approximately $41 million for certain non-sales-related
milestones. The total milestones are categorized as follows: $7 million are based on achievement of certain research and development milestones; $34 million for certain regulatory milestones; and $125 million for sales milestones. For the
non-sales-related milestones, the Company conducted an evaluation whether they will be recorded using the milestone method and as a result of this evaluation, estimates  
      11  

Table of Contents  

approximately $7.0 million of these non-sales-related milestones are deemed to be substantive. The Company may also be eligible to receive tiered royalties on worldwide sales of any products
resulting from the collaboration. Both Jazz and the Company will be contributing to the development efforts. Unless terminated earlier, the Jazz Agreement will continue on a product-by-product basis for as long as Jazz is commercializing or
having commercialized the products under the Jazz Agreement.    In accordance with ASC 605-25, the Company identified all of the
deliverables at the inception of the Jazz Agreement. The significant deliverables were determined to be the research and development services related to the pegaspargase product candidate option and for license and research and development
activities of the other hematology products. The Company has determined that the license, together with the research and development activities, represent one unit of accounting for each product under license, as the license does not have standalone
value from the respective development activities. The research and development activities related to the pegaspargase option were determined to have standalone value apart from the license and development activities for the other hematology
products. The upfront and option payment is being deferred and will be recognized as revenue ratably over the period in which the Company expects services to be rendered for each respective unit of accounting, which approximates a range of 15 to 30
months. During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded revenue of approximately $1.2 million related to the Jazz Agreement.  
  Lease Agreements     In June 2010, the
Company entered into a lease agreement ( Lease ) with a landlord for an initial term of 10 years, for its corporate headquarters comprised of one building located in San Diego, California. Occupation of the premises under the Lease
began in April 2011. Under the terms of the Lease, the Company pays annual base rent, subject to an annual fixed percentage increase, plus its share of common operating expenses. The annual base rent was subject to abatement of 50% for the
first year of the lease. The Company recognizes rent expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the Lease. The total estimated rent payments over the life of the Lease was $3.6 million.  
 In September 2014, the Company amended the Lease to extend the term for an additional three years through March 31, 2024 and to lease
additional facilities consisting of 7,315 square feet, resulting in a total increase in the estimated rent payments over the life of the Lease by approximately $2.9 million. Base rent payments for the new space commenced in December 2014 and
increased total estimated rent payments over the life of the Lease by approximately $1.5 million. The extended term on the existing space increased total estimated rent payments by approximately $1.4 million. In addition to the base rent, the
Company is obligated to pay certain customary amounts for its share of operating expenses and tax obligations. In November 2015, the Company amended the Lease to add facilities consisting of 16,811 square feet. Base rent payments for a portion of
the new space commenced in March 2016 and the remaining base rent payments for the additional facilities commenced in June 2016, which collectively increased total estimated rent payments over the life of the lease by approximately $2.3 million.
   In addition to the Lease, the Company has entered into operating and capital lease agreements for lab and office equipment that expire at
various dates through December 2020. In March 2016, the Company entered into an operating lease for lab equipment with estimated total payments of $0.7 million over the two year term.  
  8. Stock-Based Compensation      Summary Stock-Based
Compensation Information     The following table summarizes stock-based compensation expense:  
   
   The following table summarizes the Company s stock option activity during the nine months ended September
30, 2016:  
      12  

Table of Contents  

The Company received approximately $18 thousand and $51 thousand from stock option exercises during the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. The Company received approximately $89 thousand and $160 thousand from stock option exercises during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. Options
outstanding at September 30, 2016 have a weighted average remaining contractual term of 8.1 years.    The exercise price of all options
granted during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The fair value of each stock option granted is estimated on the grant date under the fair value
method using the Black-Scholes model. The following assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of stock options:      
   As of September 30, 2016, there was approximately $6.1 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to
unvested stock option awards and the weighted average period over which this cost is expected to be recognized is 2.8 years.    In September
2016, the board of directors adopted the 2016 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan ( 2016 Plan ). The 2016 Plan provides for the grant of nonstatutory stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights,
performance units and performance shares to new employees. Stock options to be granted under the 2016 Plan will have a term of ten years from the date of grant, the exercise price for the shares to be issued will be no less than 100% of the fair
market value per share on the date of grant and will generally vest over a four year period. The maximum aggregate number of shares that may be issued under the 2016 Plan is 500,000 shares. As of September 30, 2016, no shares have been
issued pursuant to the 2016 Plan. On October 3, 2016, the Company issued 132,290 nonstatutory stock options pursuant to the 2016 Plan that have an exercise price of $9.09 per share.  
  9. Income Taxes     During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded an income tax expense of $1 thousand related to minimum state taxes. For tax purposes, the Company recognized all of the $51 million upfront payment from Pfizer as income in 2015. The Company
established a deferred tax asset for the difference between the income recognized for book and tax in 2015. The contract with Pfizer was terminated in August 2016 and therefore the entire deferred tax asset of $48 million will reverse in
2016. The reversal of the deferred revenue will provide for a carryback to the 2015 tax year which results in a tax benefit of $1.9 million recorded in 2015. In July 2016, the Company received $15 million of upfront payment from
Jazz. The Company will establish a deferred tax asset for the difference between the income recognized for book and tax with a corresponding valuation allowance. The Company expects to be in an overall taxable loss position for 2016. No
tax expense is expected in the next several years as the Company expects to generate taxable net operating losses and corresponding valuation allowances due to its investments in its lead product candidates and other pipeline products.  
  10. Net Income (Loss) per Share of Common Stock   
 The following table summarizes the computation of basic and diluted net income (loss) per share:  
      13  

Table of Contents  

Basic net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing the net income (loss) by the weighted-average number
of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing the net income (loss) by the weighted-average number of common shares and dilutive common stock equivalents outstanding for the period,
determined using the treasury-stock method, if inclusion of these is dilutive. Because the Company reported a net loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, diluted net loss per common share is the same as basic net loss per common
share for those periods.    The following potentially dilutive securities outstanding at the end of the periods presented have been excluded
from the computation of diluted shares outstanding, as their effect would be anti-dilutive:      

ITEM 2.  
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS     
  Forward-Looking Statements      The
following discussion and analysis should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and the notes to those statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. This Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. The forward-looking statements are contained principally in the
section entitled  Risk Factors  and this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to:   

the sufficiency of our cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations to meet our working capital and capital expenditure needs for the next 12 months;    

our ability to successfully establish and successfully maintain appropriate collaborations and derive significant revenue from those collaborations;    

our and our collaboration partners  ability to enroll patients in our clinical studies at the pace that we project;        

our expectations regarding the timing and the success of the design of the clinical trials and planned clinical trials of PF582, PF708 and our other product candidates, and reporting results from same;

whether the results of our and our future collaboration partners  trials will be sufficient to support domestic or global regulatory approvals for PF582 and PF708;    

our and our collaboration partners  ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of PF582, PF708 or our future product candidates, and the timing of such regulatory approvals;    

our reliance on third parties to conduct clinical studies;        

our reliance on third-party contract manufacturers to manufacture and supply our product candidates for us;        
 
      14  

Table of Contents  

the rate and degree of market acceptance of PF582, PF708 or any future product candidates;        

our expectations regarding government and third-party payor coverage and reimbursement;        

our ability to manufacture PF582, PF708 and our other product candidates in conformity with regulatory requirements and to scale up manufacturing of PF582, PF708 and our other product candidates to commercial scale;

our ability to successfully build a specialty sales force, or collaborate with third-party distributors, to commercialize our products;    

our ability to compete with companies currently producing the reference products, including Lucentis and Forteo;        

our reliance on our collaboration partners  performance over which we do not have control;        

our ability to retain and recruit key personnel, including development of a sales and marketing function;        

our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for PF582, PF708 or any future product candidates;        

our estimates of our expenses, ongoing losses, future revenue, capital requirements and our needs for or ability to obtain additional financing;    

our expectations regarding the market size, size of patient populations, and growth potential for our product candidates, if approved for commercial use;    

our estimates of the expected patent expiration timelines for Lucentis, Forteo and other branded reference biologics;        

our expectations regarding the time during which we will be an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act;    

our ability to develop new products and product candidates;        

our financial performance; and        

developments and projections relating to our competitors and our industry.       Forward-looking
statements include statements that are not historical facts and can be identified by terms such as  anticipates,   believes,   could,   seeks,   estimates,   expects,   intends, 
 may,   plans,   potential,   predicts,   projects,   should,   will,   would,  or similar expressions and the negatives of those terms.   
  Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results,
performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. We discuss these risks in greater detail in Part II, Item 1A,  Risk
Factors,  elsewhere in this Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Also, forward-looking statements represent
our management s beliefs and assumptions only as of the date of this Form 10-Q.      Except as required by law, we assume no
obligation to update these forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. You should
read this Form 10-Q completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect.   
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q also contains estimates, projections and other information concerning our industry, our business, and
the markets for certain diseases, including data regarding the estimated size of those markets. Information that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections, market research or similar methodologies is inherently subject to uncertainties and
actual events or circumstances may differ materially from events and circumstances reflected in this information. Unless otherwise expressly stated, we obtained this industry, business, market, and other data from reports, research surveys, studies,
and similar data prepared by market research firms and other third parties, industry, medical and general publications, government data, and similar sources.   
  Pf nex  and Pf nex Expression Technology    are our primary
registered trademarks. Other service marks, trademarks, and trade names referred to in this Form 10-Q are the property of their respective owners.   
  In this Form 10-Q,  we,   us  and  our  refer to Pfenex Inc. and its subsidiaries.   
      15  

Table of Contents  

   Overview   
 We are a clinical-stage biotechnology company engaged in the development of biosimilar and therapeutic equivalent products and other high-value
and difficult-to-manufacture proteins. Our lead product candidate is PF582, a biosimilar candidate to Lucentis (ranibizumab). Lucentis, marketed by Genentech, Inc., a wholly-owned member of the Roche Group, and Novartis AG, for the treatment of
patients with retinal diseases, achieved approximately $3.6 billion in global product sales in 2015. In February 2015, we entered into a development and license agreement with Hospira, Inc., or Hospira, a subsidiary of Pfizer Inc. (collectively with
Hospira,  Pfizer ) for the development and commercialization of PF582. For PF582, we completed a Phase 1/2 trial in patients with wet age-related macular degeneration, or wet AMD, with Pfizer. Following Pfizer s strategic review of
the current therapeutic focus of its biosimilar pipeline, we entered into a Termination Agreement (the  Termination Agreement ) with Pfizer and agreed to terminate the development and license agreement. The termination accelerated
recognition of $45.8 million of revenue that had been previously deferred. Under the terms of the Termination Agreement, all rights to PF582 were returned to us in August 2016. 
 In the third quarter of 2016, we announced top-line results from the Phase 1/2 trial, which showed that PF582 was pharmacologically active and
with a safety profile that was consistent with that of Lucentis. We enrolled a total of 25 VEGF-inhibitor na ve patients with neovascular age-related macular degeneration (AMD) in the PF582 Phase 1/2 trial (13 received PF582, including one
sentinel patient who received open label PF582, 12 received Lucentis). All patients received three monthly intravitreal injections. The primary endpoint of the study was safety and tolerability of PF582 compared to that of Lucentis. There were no
clinically meaningful differences in adverse event profiles or intra-ocular pressure between PF582 and Lucentis. The efficacy and pharmacodynamic results indicated that there were no clinically meaningful differences in best corrected visual acuity
or decreases in central retinal thickness between PF582 and Lucentis at any of the timepoints.    Our next most advanced product candidate
is PF708. PF708 is a therapeutic equivalent candidate to Forteo (teriparatide), marketed by Eli Lilly and Company for the treatment of osteoporosis and achieved over $1.4 billion in global product sales in 2015. The PF708 bioequivalence study,
conducted in 70 healthy subjects, was completed in the second quarter of 2016 and met its primary objectives. The 90% confidence intervals of the area-under-the-curve (AUC) and maximum concentration (Cmax) geometric mean ratios of PF708 versus
Forteo were within the 80-125% range required for concluding bioequivalence. We anticipate initiating the clinical study to satisfy the filing requirements for PF708 through the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway by the end of 2016. In addition to the
positive bioequivalence study, the PF708 clinical program will include an immunogenicity/pharmacokinetic study in osteoporosis patients. We believe that the clinical program in the US may be leveraged for regulatory filings in other geographies. In
addition to our two most advanced product candidates, our pipeline includes six other biosimilar candidates as well as vaccines and next generation biologic candidates. We initiated a Phase 1a study for our recombinant anthrax vaccine at the end of
2015 and announced interim Day 70 results in the third quarter of 2016. The results indicated that the vaccine was well-tolerated and afforded immunogenicity protection with fewer doses than the currently licensed product.  
 In July 2016, we entered into a license and option agreement with Jazz Pharmaceuticals Ireland Limited, or Jazz, pursuant to which we and Jazz
will collaboratively develop certain hematology products, and Jazz will have the exclusive right to manufacture and commercialize such products throughout the world. In addition, pursuant to the agreement, we have granted Jazz certain other
rights to negotiate the exclusive right to develop, manufacture and commercialize throughout the world other hematology products that are currently or in the future may be developed by us, including PF690 (pegaspargase), a biosimilar candidate to
the reference product Oncaspar.    In August 2016, we announced positive immunogenicity and safety data from Day 70 analysis of the Px563L
anthrax vaccine study. The randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase 1a study enrolled three cohorts in a dose-escalating manner (10 mcg, 50 mcg and 80 mcg of antigen). Within each cohort, subjects received Px563L, RPA563 or placebo in an
8:8:2 ratio. Subjects were administered two doses of vaccine or placebo 28 days apart. Interim results indicated that the vaccine was well-tolerated, with the potential to afford immunogenicity protection against anthrax infection after only two
injections (vs. three for currently licensed anthrax vaccine product). Immunogenicity was assessed by toxin-neutralizing antibody (TNA) expressed as 50% neutralizing factor (NF 50 ), with a
threshold value     0.56 correlating with significant survival in animal models of anthrax infection. On Day 70, 100% of Px563L subjects at the 10 mcg and 80 mcg dose levels achieved a TNA NF 50      0.56, and 87.5% at the 50 mcg dose level achieved the target threshold. An additional success criterion for assessing anthrax vaccine immunogenicity
is for the lower confidence limit (LCL), or the lower bound of 95% confidence interval, of the percentage of subjects who met or exceeded the TNA NF 50  threshold of 0.56, to be greater than or
equal to 40%. On Day 70, all doses of Px563L exceeded this threshold, which was established by the currently licensed anthrax vaccine for the indication of post-exposure prophylaxis.  
 To date, none of our product candidates have completed clinical development, been submitted for regulatory review or received marketing
authorization from any regulatory agency, and therefore we have not received revenue from the sale of any of our product candidates.    Our
product candidates are enabled by our patented protein production platform,  Pf  nex Expression Technology   , which we believe confers several important competitive advantages
compared to traditional techniques for protein production, including the ability to produce complex proteins with higher accuracy and greater degree of protein purity, as well as speed and cost advantages.
 
      16  

Table of Contents  

  The development of proteins, such as biosimilars, requires several competencies which represent
both challenges and barriers to entry. Due to their inherent complexity, proteins require the use of living organisms to efficiently produce them at a large scale. Traditional techniques for protein production employ a trial and error approach to
production organism, or strain, selection and process optimization, which is inherently inefficient and typically produces suboptimal results. This historically inefficient process provides barriers to create or replicate complex proteins, adds
significant time to market and results in the high cost of goods typical of biologic therapeutics. Together, these limitations pose significant hurdles for companies interested in entering the market with biosimilar and therapeutic equivalents to
branded products. Our platform utilizes a proprietary high throughput robotically-enabled parallel approach, which allows the construction and testing of thousands of unique protein production variables in parallel, thereby allowing us to produce
and characterize complex proteins while reducing the time and cost of development and long-term production.    Our product candidate
selection strategy is to focus on products with large addressable markets, which are expected to be free of intellectual property barriers in major markets over our projected approval timelines, and for which our  Pf  nex Expression
Technology    enables efficient and large scale manufacturing. Our pipeline of product candidates and preclinical products under development includes six wholly-owned programs, two that are
being developed in a joint venture with Strides Arcolab Limited, a specialty pharmaceutical company, and certain other products that are being developed in collaboration with Jazz. In addition, we are also developing proprietary vaccine candidates
that are being funded by the Department of Health and Human Services and the National Institutes of Health (NIH) within the United States government.  
 Our revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $48.8 million and $2.1 million, respectively, and was $54.7 million and
$6.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As a result of the termination of the development and license agreement with Pfizer, $45.8 million of revenue was recognized that had been previously deferred. Our
historical revenue has been primarily derived from monetizing our P f  nex Expression Technology    through collaboration agreements, service agreements, government contracts and
reagent protein product sales, which provide for various types of payments, including upfront payments, funding of research and development, milestone payments, intellectual property access fees and licensing fees. Currently, various government
agencies are funding costs associated with our proprietary novel vaccine programs. As we continue to focus our business on the development of our product pipeline, we anticipate allocating fewer resources to certain aspects of our protein production
activities that currently generate our revenue, which we expect will result in a decline of service-related revenue associated with protein production.  
 As of September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $125.4 million, of which $89.8 million was attributable to recognizing the
accretion in the redemption value of our convertible preferred stock. We recognized net income of $34.5 million and $16.1 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and net losses of $7.6 million and $19.5 million
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. We expect to incur substantial and increasing losses for the next several years as we develop and advance our lead product candidates through clinical development, expand our
research and development activities, and prepare for the potential commercial launch of our lead product candidates. As a result, our research and development expenses will increase materially as we incur further costs of development. We currently
utilize third-party clinical research organizations, or CROs, to carry out our clinical development and we do not yet have an extensive sales organization. We will need substantial additional funding to support our operating activities, especially
as we approach anticipated regulatory approval in Europe, the United States and other territories, and begin to establish our commercialization capabilities. Adequate funding may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.
Since our inception, we have funded our operations primarily through the sale and issuance of common stock in our public offerings, revenue from our collaboration agreements, government contracts, service agreements, and reagent protein product
sales, our prior credit facility and the private placement of equity securities. We have devoted substantially all of our capital resources to the research and development of our product candidates and working capital requirements. Additionally, as
we continue to focus our business on the development of our product pipeline, we anticipate allocating fewer resources to certain aspects of our protein production activities that currently generate our revenue, which we expect will result in a
decline of service-related revenue.     Critical Accounting Policies, Significant Judgments and Use of Estimates   
 Our management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. These items are monitored and analyzed by us for changes in facts
and circumstances, and material changes in these estimates could occur in the future. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the
basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Changes in estimates are reflected in reported results for the period in which they become known. Actual results may
differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements and related financial information should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and
related footnotes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Except as otherwise disclosed, there have been no material changes in our critical accounting policies
 
      17  

Table of Contents  

and estimates in the preparation of our financial statements during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to those disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the SEC on March 10, 2016.     Results of Operations   
   Comparison of the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
 The following table summarizes our net income (loss) during the periods indicated:  
   
     Revenue        
   Revenue increased by $48.4 million, or 766%, to $54.7 million in the nine month period ended
September 30, 2016 compared to $6.3 million in same period in 2015. Revenue increased by $46.7 million, or 2,274%, to $48.8 million in the three month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to $2.1 million in same period
in 2015. The increase in revenue was primarily due to the termination of our development and license agreement with Pfizer. As a result of the termination, the estimated performance period for the agreement was adjusted to reflect the August 2016
termination date. This accelerated recognition of $45.8 million of revenue in August that had been previously deferred. As a result of the termination, we will not recognize any additional future revenue under the Pfizer development and license
agreement. Other increases were attributable to license revenue from the Jazz license and option agreement, which was signed in July 2016, as well as increased revenue due to the stage of development of our Px563L product candidate under our
government contracts. The Phase 1 trial for Px563L, entirely funded through the U.S. government, was initiated in the second half of 2015 and is on-going, resulting in an increase in revenue in the periods presented. Given the nature of the novel
vaccine development process, revenue will fluctuate depending on stage of development. The increase in revenue for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 was also the result of an increase in revenue from licenses and government
contracts.     Cost of Revenue        
   Cost of revenue increased by approximately $1.1 million, or 37%, to $4.0 million in the nine month period
ended September 30, 2016 compared to $2.9 million in same period in 2015. Cost of revenue increased by approximately $0.6 million, or 88%, to $1.3 million in the three month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to $0.7 million in
the same period in 2015. The increase in cost of revenue for the periods presented was due primarily to an increase in costs for our Px563L product candidate under our government contracts. The increase was offset by a decrease in product sales,
reflecting our customers  product development and  
      18  

Table of Contents  

clinical progression. Given the nature of the novel vaccine development process, these costs will fluctuate depending on stage of development.  
   Selling, General and Administrative        
   Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by $2.1 million, or 19%, to $12.9 million in the nine
month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to $10.9 million in the same period in 2015. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by $1.1 million, or 34%, to $4.4 million in the three month period ended September 30, 2016 compared
to $3.3 million in the same period in 2015. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses during the periods presented were primarily due to an increase in headcount, as well as increases in salaries and other personnel costs. We
expect selling, general and administrative costs to continue to increase for activities associated with operating as a publicly-traded company, as well as for increased internal and external business development costs, such as product branding, to
support our various product development efforts, which can vary from period to period.      Research and Development    
   
   Research and development expenses increased by approximately $9.7 million, or 80%, to $21.8 million in the
nine month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to $12.1 million in same period in 2015. Research and development expenses increased by approximately $3.0 million, or 53%, to $8.7 million in the three month period ended September 30, 2016
compared to $5.7 million in same period in 2015. The increases in research and development expenses during the periods presented were primarily due to the increase in development activity of our product candidates, including PF708, and the hiring of
additional personnel dedicated to our research and development efforts. A bioequivalence study for PF708 began at the end of 2015 and was completed in the second quarter of 2016, increasing costs in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
over the same periods in 2015.    We expect research and development expenses to increase for the foreseeable future as we advance our lead
product candidates and pipeline product candidates. The timing and amount of expenses incurred for our product candidates will depend largely upon the outcomes of current or future clinical studies for our product candidates, as well as the related
regulatory requirements, manufacturing costs and any costs associated with the advancement of our preclinical programs.    As a result of
the termination of the development and license agreement with Pfizer, we may incur substantial additional research and development expenses to develop PF582 as currently contemplated. The termination accelerated recognition of $45.8 million of
revenue that had been previously deferred. We will need to invest or find a collaboration partner to invest significant resources in the further development of PF582.  
 For PF708, we expect research and development costs will increase going forward as we independently advance PF708 as a wholly-owned product
candidate. These costs are expected to include, among others, the costs of an immunogenicity/pharmacokinetic study for PF708, which is expected to commence by the end of the year.  
  Liquidity and Capital Resources     The
following table summarizes our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities:      
   To date, we have funded our operations primarily through the sale and issuance of common stock in our public
offerings, revenue from our collaboration agreements, government contracts, service agreements, and reagent protein product sales, our prior credit facility and the private placement of equity securities. At September 30, 2016, we had
$93.6 million in cash and cash equivalents compared to $106.2 million as of December 31, 2015 and $4.0 million in restricted cash as collateral for  
      19  

Table of Contents  

lines of credit at December 31, 2015. As of December 31, 2015, we had $3.8 million drawn under our prior $3.9 million Amended Credit Facility. In February 2016, we terminated
the credit facility and repaid the amount outstanding using our restricted cash.    In July 2016, we entered into an agreement with Jazz to
develop certain hematology products. Under the terms of the collaboration, we received upfront and option payments totaling $15 million in July 2016, and may be eligible to receive additional payments of up to $166 million based on the achievement
of certain development, regulatory, and sales-related milestones, including up to $41 million for certain non-sales-related milestones. We may also be eligible to receive tiered royalties on worldwide sales of any products resulting from the
collaboration.    In August 2016, following Pfizer s strategic review of the current therapeutic focus of its biosimilar pipeline, the
development and license agreement was terminated and all rights to PF582 were returned to us. The termination accelerated recognition of $45.8 million of revenue that had been previously deferred. As a result of the termination of the
development and license agreement with Pfizer, management is assessing all opportunities for the continued advancement of PF582, and we may need to obtain substantial additional sources of funding to develop PF582 as currently contemplated. If such
additional funding is not available on favorable terms or at all, we may need to delay or reduce the scope of our PF582 development program, or grant rights in the United States, as well as outside the United States, to PF582 to one or more
partners.    We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents and our cash inflow from operations will be sufficient to meet our
anticipated cash needs for at least the next 12 months. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could utilize our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. Further, our operating plan may
change, and we may need additional funds to meet operational needs and capital requirements for product development and commercialization sooner than planned. We currently have no credit facility or committed sources of capital although we may
receive milestone and other contingent payments under our current license and collaboration agreements. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including:      

the timing and extent of spending on our research and development efforts, including with respect to PF582 and PF708, and our other product candidates;    

the scope, rate of progress, results and cost of our clinical trials, preclinical testing and other related activities;        

the time and costs involved in seeking and obtaining regulatory and marketing approvals in multiple jurisdictions for our product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials;    

the cost of preparing, filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any patent claims and other intellectual property rights;        

our ability to enter into and maintain collaboration, licensing, commercialization and other arrangements and the terms and timing of such arrangements;    

the receipt of any collaboration or milestone payments;        

the timing, receipt and amount of sales, profit sharing or royalties, if any, from our potential products;        

the introduction of new product candidates and the number and characteristics of product candidates that we pursue;        

the expansion of our sales and marketing activities;        

the cost of manufacturing and commercialization activities, if any;        

the potential acquisition and in-licensing of other technologies, products or assets;        

the emergence of competing technologies or other adverse market developments; and        

the degree and rate of market acceptance of any products launched by us or our collaboration partners.    
 We will need to raise additional capital to fund our operations in the near future. Funding may not be available to us on acceptable
terms, or at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing when needed, we may have to delay, reduce the scope of or suspend one or more of our clinical trials, research and development programs or commercialization efforts. We may seek to
raise any necessary additional capital through a combination of public or private equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations, strategic alliances, licensing arrangements and other marketing and distribution arrangements. To the extent
that we raise additional capital through marketing and distribution arrangements or other collaborations, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our product candidates, future
revenue streams, research programs or product candidates or to grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we do raise additional capital through public or private equity offerings, the ownership interest of our existing stockholders
will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect our stockholders  rights. If we raise additional capital through debt financing, we
 
      20  

Table of Contents  

may be subject to covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends.  
   Cash Flows      The following table
sets forth the primary sources and uses of cash and cash equivalents for each of the periods presented below.      
    Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities   
 Net cash used in operating activities was $10.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to net cash provided by operating
activities of $33.8 million for the nine month period ended September 30, 2015. Net cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily attributable to our research and development activities associated with
PF708 and our other product candidates, partially offset by $15 million of upfront and option payments pursuant to our license and option agreement with Jazz. Net cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30,
2015 was primarily related to a one-time non-refundable payment of $51 million from Pfizer under the terms of our prior collaboration agreement to develop PF582 and was partially offset by our research and development activities associated with
PF530 and PF708.     Net cash used in investing activities   
 Net cash used in investing activities was $2.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $1.2 million of net cash
outflows for the nine month period ended September 30, 2015. We used $2.4 million and $1.2 million to purchase property and equipment in the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively.  
  Net cash provided by financing activities   
 Net cash provided by financing activities was $0.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $37.6 million provided
for the nine month period ended September 30, 2015. Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 resulted primarily from the issuance of common stock in connection with our Employee Stock Purchase Plan and
exercises of stock options and a refund of the residual restricted cash resulting from the $3.8 million repayment of the Amended Credit Facility upon termination in February 2016. Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015 was primarily related to the net proceeds of $37.4 million from the issuance of our common stock in connection with our follow-on offering after deducting estimated offering expenses of approximately $0.6 million.  
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements     We have
not engaged in any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4) of Regulation S-K, other than a joint venture agreement, or JVA, with Strides Arcolab, and the indemnification agreements described below.  
 In March 2013, we and Strides Arcolab entered into the JVA. The JVA was established to provide a vehicle for the advancement of certain
biosimilars successful in Phase 1 trials under a joint development and license agreement between us and Strides Arcolab. Under the terms of the JVA, both parties share equally in all decisions, and share revenue and expenses at a rate of 51% to
Strides Arcolab and 49% to us. There has been no activity in the JV to date. Once a biosimilar product successfully completes a Phase 1 trial and Strides Arcolab and we agree to contribute the biosimilar to the JV, the JV will incur activity.  
 In the normal course of business, we enter into contracts and agreements that contain a variety of representations and warranties and provide
for general indemnifications, including our Strides Arcolab agreements described above. Our exposure under these agreements is unknown because it involves claims that may be made against us in the future, but have not yet been made. As of September
30, 2016, we have not paid any claims or been required to defend any action related to our indemnification obligations. However, we may record charges in the future as a result of these indemnification obligations.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

   Contractual Obligations and Commitments   
 Except as noted below, there have been no material changes during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to our contractual obligations
disclosed in our  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
  Lease Agreements     In June 2010, we
entered into a lease agreement (the Lease) with a landlord for an initial term of 10 years, for our corporate headquarters comprised of one building located in San Diego, California. Occupation of the premises under the Lease began in
April 2011. Under the terms of the Lease, we pay annual base rent, subject to an annual fixed percentage increase, plus our share of common operating expenses. The annual base rent was subject to abatement of 50% for the first year of the
lease. We recognize rent expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the Lease. The total estimated rent payments over the life of the Lease was $3.6 million.  
 In September 2014, we amended the Lease to extend the term for an additional three years through June 30, 2024 and to lease additional
facilities consisting of 7,315 square feet, resulting in a total increase in the estimated rent payments over the life of the Lease by approximately $2.9 million. Base rent payments for the new space commenced in December 2014 and increased
total estimated rent payments over the life of the Lease by approximately $1.5 million. The extended term on the existing space increased total estimated rent payments by approximately $1.4 million. In addition to the base rent, we are
obligated to pay certain customary amounts for our share of operating expenses and tax obligations. In November 2015, we amended the Lease to add facilities consisting of 16,811 square feet. Base rent payments for a portion of the new space
commenced in March 2016, which will increase total estimated rent payments over the life of the lease by approximately $2.3 million.    In
March 2016, we entered into an operating lease for lab equipment with estimated total payments of $0.7 million over the two year term.     Recently Issued
Accounting Pronouncements     In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update
( ASU ) No. 2014-09 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC 605, Revenue Recognition. This ASU is based on the principle that revenue is recognized to depict the
transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The ASU also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing
and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. The effective date will be the first
quarter of fiscal year 2019 using one of two retrospective application methods. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this accounting standard update on our financial statements.  
 In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern. The provisions of  ASU 2014-15  provide that, in connection with preparing financial statements for each annual and interim reporting period, an entity s management should evaluate whether there are conditions or events,
considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. ASU 2014-15 is effective for the annual reporting
period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual and interim periods thereafter. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the effect that the adoption of ASU 2014-15 will have on our financial statement disclosures.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02 Leases (Topic 842), which requires lessees to recognize  right of use  assets
and liabilities for all leases with lease terms of more than 12 months. The ASU requires additional quantitative and qualitative financial statement footnote disclosures about the leases, significant judgments made in accounting for those
leases and amounts recognized in the financial statements about those leases. The effective date will be the first quarter of fiscal year 2020. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this accounting standard update on our
financial statements.    In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718), Improvements to Employee
Share-Based Payment Accounting. ASU 2016-09 requires among other things that all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies (including tax benefits of dividends on share-based payment awards) to be recognized as income tax expense or benefit in the
income statement. The tax effects of exercised or vested awards should be treated as discrete items in the reporting period in which they occur. An entity also should recognize excess tax benefits, and assess the need for a valuation allowance,
regardless of whether the benefit reduces taxes payable in the current period. The ASU also requires excess tax benefits to be classified along with other income tax cash flows as an operating activity in the statement of cash flows. This new
guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently assessing the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-09 on our
financial statements.      

ITEM 3.  
  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK       We are exposed to market
risk in the ordinary course of our business. Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial position due to adverse changes in financial market prices and rates. Our market risk exposure is primarily a result of fluctuations
in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. As of September 30, 2016, we did not hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes.  
      22  

Table of Contents  

    Interest rate fluctuation risk    
 The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve our capital to fund our operations. We also seek to maximize income from our
cash and cash equivalents without assuming significant risk. To achieve our objectives, we invest our cash and cash equivalents in money market funds, treasury obligations, short term certificates of deposit and high-grade corporate securities,
directly or through managed funds, with maturities of six months or less. As of September 30, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $93.6 million consisting of cash of $6.7 million and investments of $87.0 million in highly liquid U.S.
money market funds. A portion of our investments may be subject to interest rate risk and could fall in value if market interest rates increase. However, because our investments are primarily short-term in duration, we believe that our exposure
to interest rate risk is not significant and a 100 basis point movement in market interest rates would not have a significant impact on the total value of our portfolio. We actively monitor changes in interest rates.  
   Foreign currency exchange risk      We
contract with clinical research organizations ( CROs ), investigational sites and suppliers in foreign countries. We are therefore subject to fluctuations in foreign currency rates in connection with these agreements. We have not entered
into any material foreign currency hedging contracts although we may do so in the future. To date we have not incurred any material effects from foreign currency changes on these contracts. The effect of a 10% adverse change in exchange rates on
foreign currency denominated cash and payables as of September 30, 2016 would not have been material. However, fluctuations in currency exchange rates could harm our business in the future.  
   Inflation risk      Inflation may
affect us by increasing our cost of labor and clinical trial costs. We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations for any period presented herein.  

ITEM 4.  
  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES         Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures    
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar
functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives
and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the
quarter covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.      Changes in Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting      There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection
with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting.      Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls    
 Management recognizes that a control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible
controls and procedures relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud or error, if any, have been
detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some
persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the  
      23  

Table of Contents  

likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be
detected.     PART II. OTHER INFORMATION       

ITEM 1.  
  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS       We are currently not a party to any material legal proceedings.  

ITEM 1A.  
  RISK FACTORS        Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You
should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, before making an investment decision. The risks and uncertainties described
below may not be the only ones we face. If any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flows and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the
market price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment.      Risks Relating to our
Financial Condition and Need for Additional Capital       We have a limited operating history and expect to generate significant losses for the
foreseeable future. If we do not generate significant revenue, we will not be profitable.      With the exception of one year, we have
incurred annual net operating losses since inception, and to date have generated only limited revenue from government contracts, service agreements, collaboration agreements, and reagent protein product sales. We have recorded net income of $16.1
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and net losses of $19.5 million, $28.2 million and $9.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. As of September 30,
2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $125.4 million and net working capital of $78.5 million. To date, we have funded our operations primarily through the sale and issuance of common stock in our public offerings, revenue from our
collaboration agreements, government contracts, service agreements, and reagent protein product sales, our prior credit facility and the private placement of equity securities. As a result of the termination of the development and license
agreement with Pfizer, we will need to invest or find a collaboration partner to invest significant resources in the further development of PF582. The termination accelerated recognition of $45.8 million of revenue that had been previously deferred.
As of September 30, 2016, we had capital resources consisting of cash and cash equivalents of $93.6 million.    As we continue to develop
and invest more resources into the development and commercialization of our product candidates, we expect that our expenses will increase substantially, and that our net operating losses will increase over the next several years. To become
profitable, we must successfully develop and obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, and effectively manufacture and commercialize the product candidates we develop. If we obtain regulatory approval to market a product candidate, our
future revenue will depend upon the size of any markets in which our product candidates may receive approval, and our and our collaboration partners  ability to achieve sufficient market acceptance, pricing, reimbursement from third-party
payors, and adequate market share for our product candidates in those markets. We may never succeed in these activities and therefore may never generate revenue that is significant or large enough to achieve profitability. Even if we do achieve
profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to become and remain profitable could depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital,
expand our business, diversify our product offerings or continue our operations.      We will require substantial additional funds to seek and obtain
regulatory approval for and commercialize our two most advanced biosimilar and therapeutic equivalent product candidates and any future product candidates and, if additional capital is not available, we may need to limit, scale back or cease our
operations.      Since our inception, a significant portion of our resources have been dedicated to the preclinical and clinical
development of our two most advanced biosimilar and therapeutic equivalent product candidates, PF582 and PF708. We believe that we will continue to expend substantial resources for the foreseeable future for the preclinical and clinical development
of our current product pipeline, and the development of any other indications and product candidates we may choose to pursue, either alone or with our strategic collaboration partners. These expenditures will include costs associated with research
and development, conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials, and manufacturing and supply as well as marketing and selling any products approved for sale. In addition, other unanticipated costs may arise. Because the outcome of any clinical
trial is highly uncertain, we cannot reasonably estimate the actual amounts necessary to successfully complete the development and commercialization of PF582, PF708 and our pipeline of other product candidates and preclinical products under
development. The termination of the development and license agreement with Pfizer accelerated recognition of $45.8 million of revenue that had been previously deferred. As a result of the termination,
 
      24  

Table of Contents  

management is assessing all opportunities for the continued advancement of PF582, and we may be required to devote additional resources to the development of PF582 or seek a new collaboration
partner on short notice, and the terms of any additional collaboration or other arrangements that we establish may not be favorable to us. We may also need to obtain substantial additional sources of funding to develop PF582 as currently
contemplated. If such additional funding is not available on favorable terms or at all, we may need to delay or reduce the scope of our PF582 development program, or grant rights in the United States, as well as outside the United States, to PF582
to one or more partners.    We believe that our available cash and cash equivalents, including the proceeds from any revenue from our
government contracts, service agreements, collaboration agreements, and reagent protein product sales will allow us to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months. In addition, we may seek additional capital due to favorable market
conditions or strategic considerations; even if we believe we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans. Our future capital requirements may vary depending on the following:  

the timing and extent of spending on our research and development efforts, including with respect to PF582, PF708 and our other product candidates;    

the scope, rate of progress, results and cost of our clinical trials, preclinical testing and other related activities;        

the time and costs involved in seeking and obtaining regulatory and marketing approvals in multiple jurisdictions for our product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials;    

the cost of preparing, filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any patent claims and other intellectual property rights;        

the terms and timing of any other collaborative, licensing and other arrangements that we may establish;        

the receipt of any collaboration or milestone payments;        

the timing, receipt and amount of sales, profit sharing or royalties, if any, from our potential products;        

the introduction of new product candidates and the number and characteristics of product candidates that we pursue;        

the expansion of our sales and marketing activities;        

the cost of manufacturing and commercialization activities, if any;        

the potential acquisition and in-licensing of other technologies, products or assets;        

the emergence of competing technologies or other adverse market developments; and        

the degree and rate of market acceptance of any products launched by us or our collaboration partners.    
 If we were to experience any delays or encounter issues with any of the above, including clinical holds, failed studies, inconclusive or
hard-to-interpret results, safety or efficacy issues, or other regulatory challenges that require longer follow-up of existing studies, additional major studies, or additional supportive studies in order to pursue marketing approval, it could
further increase the costs associated with the above and delay revenues.    We will need to raise additional capital to fund our operations
in the near future. If we seek additional funding in the future, additional funds may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. We may seek to raise additional funds through equity, equity-linked or debt financings. If we raise
additional funds through the incurrence of indebtedness, such indebtedness would have rights that are senior to holders of our equity securities and could contain covenants that restrict our operations. Any additional equity financing may be
dilutive to our stockholders. If we are unable to obtain funding on a timely basis, we may be required to significantly curtail the advancement of one or more of our product candidates. We also could be required to seek funds through arrangements
with collaborators or others that may require us to relinquish rights to some of our technologies or product candidates which we would otherwise pursue on our own.     
   The termination of our development and license agreement with Pfizer resulted in all rights to PF582 being returned to us. Any further development of
PF582 will require significant resources from us or another collaboration partner, and in the event that we do not find a collaboration partner, the development of PF582 could be significantly delayed or result in the discontinuation of the
development of PF582.      In August 2016, we and Pfizer entered into a termination agreement pursuant to which our development and
license agreement was terminated and all rights to PF582 were returned to us. The termination accelerated recognition of $45.8 million of revenue that had been previously deferred and we will not recognize any additional future revenue under the
Pfizer license agreement. We are relying on Pfizer to assist in certain activities as PF582 is transitioned back to us. If these activities are not completed in a timely or satisfactory manner, there may be delays in the development of PF582,
diversion of management s attention and potentially reduced resources for the development of PF582 and our other product candidates.  
 Additionally, further development of PF582 will require significant resources from us or another collaborator. We or a new collaboration
partner will be responsible for funding any new PF582 development and clinical trial activities undertaken after the  
      25  

Table of Contents  

termination. Any such further development will require significant resources to develop and commercialize PF582, and such further development may not be possible in the near term without a
new collaboration partner .    There are no assurances that we will have access to additional capital or find a new collaboration partner or that the terms and timing of any such arrangements would be acceptable to us. As a
result, we could experience a significant delay in the PF582 development process. If we determine instead to discontinue the development of PF582, we will not receive any future return on our investment from that product candidate.  
   Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly.    
 Our operating results are subject to quarterly fluctuations. Our operating results are affected by numerous factors, including:  

variations in the level of expenses related to our PF582 and PF708 development programs;        

addition or termination of clinical trials;        

any intellectual property infringement lawsuit in which we may become involved;        

regulatory developments affecting any of our products; and        

our execution of any service, collaborative, licensing or similar arrangements, and the timing of payments we may make or receive under these arrangements.    
 If our quarterly operating results fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the market price of our common stock could
decline substantially. Furthermore, any quarterly fluctuations in our operating results may, in turn, cause the market price of our stock to fluctuate substantially.  
  Risks Relating to our Business and our Industry       If
an improved version of a reference product, such as Lucentis or Forteo, is developed, or if the market for a reference product significantly declines, sales or potential sales of our biosimilar and therapeutic equivalent product candidates may
suffer.      Reference product sponsor companies may develop improved versions of a reference product as part of a life cycle extension
strategy, and may obtain regulatory approval of the improved version under a supplemental biologics license application. If a reference product sponsor company succeeds in obtaining an approval of an improved product, it may capture a significant
share of the collective reference product market and significantly reduce the market for the reference product, and thereby the potential size of the market for our biosimilar and therapeutic equivalent product candidates. In addition, the improved
product may be protected by additional patent rights.    Additionally, competition in the pharmaceutical market is intense. Reference
products face competition on numerous fronts as technological advances are made that may offer patients a more convenient form of administration or increased efficacy, or as new products are introduced. As new products are approved that compete with
the reference product to our biosimilar and therapeutic equivalent product candidates, such as Lucentis or Forteo, sales of the reference products may be significantly and adversely impacted and may render the reference product obsolete. If the
market for the reference product is impacted, we in turn may lose significant market share or market potential for our products and product candidates. As a result, the value of our product pipeline could be negatively impacted and our business,
prospects and financial condition could suffer.      Our product candidates, if approved, will face significant competition from the reference products
and from other biosimilars and therapeutic equivalent products of the reference products. Our failure to effectively compete may prevent us from achieving significant market penetration and expansion.    
 We expect to enter highly competitive pharmaceutical markets. Successful competitors in the pharmaceutical market have the ability to
effectively discover, obtain patents, develop, test and obtain regulatory approvals for products, as well as the ability to effectively commercialize, market and promote approved products, including communicating the effectiveness, safety and value
of products to consumers and medical professionals. Numerous companies, universities, and other research institutions are engaged in developing, patenting, manufacturing and marketing of products competitive with those that we are developing. Many
of these potential competitors, such as Novartis AG, Genentech, Inc., a wholly-owned member of the Roche Group, Amgen Inc. and Eli Lilly and Company, are large, experienced companies that enjoy significant competitive advantages, such as
substantially greater financial, research and development, manufacturing, personnel and marketing resources. Recent and potential future merger and acquisition activity in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are likely to result in even
more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. These companies also maintain greater brand recognition and more experience and expertise in undertaking preclinical testing and clinical trials of product candidates, and
obtaining the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, and other regulatory approvals of products. Established pharmaceutical companies may also invest heavily to accelerate discovery and development of novel compounds that could make our product
candidates obsolete.    In addition, our biosimilar and therapeutic equivalent products may face competition from companies that develop and
commercialize biosimilars and therapeutic equivalent products that compete directly with our products. See   Risks Related to    
      26  

Table of Contents  

Government Regulation   If other biosimilars of Lucentis or other therapeutic equivalent products to Forteo are approved and successfully commercialized before PF582 or PF708, our
business would suffer .          Use of our product candidates could be associated with side effects or adverse events.    
 Use of our product candidates could be associated with side effects or adverse events which can vary in severity (from minor reactions to
death) and frequency (infrequent or prevalent). Side effects or adverse events associated with the use of our product candidates may be observed at any time, including in clinical trials or when a product is commercialized, and any such side effects
or adverse events may negatively affect our and our collaboration partners  ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval or market our product candidates. Side effects such as toxicity or other safety issues associated with the use of our
product candidates could require us or our collaboration partners to perform additional studies or halt development or sale of these product candidates or expose us to product liability lawsuits which will harm our business. We may be required by
regulatory agencies to conduct additional animal or human studies regarding the safety and efficacy of our product candidates which we have not planned or anticipated. We may also be required to change our product labeling, including increasing the
prominence and content of warnings and contraindications for our products. There can be no assurance that we will resolve any issues related to any product-related adverse events to the satisfaction of the FDA or any regulatory agency in a timely
manner or ever, which could harm our business, prospects and financial condition.    In addition, if we and our collaboration partners are
successful in commercializing PF582 and PF708 or any other product candidates the FDA, European Medicines Agency, or EMA, European Economic Area Competent Authorities, or EEA Competent Authorities, and other foreign regulatory agency regulations
require that we timely report certain information about adverse medical events if those products may have caused or contributed to those adverse events. The timing of our obligation to report would be triggered by the date we become aware of the
adverse event as well as the nature of the event. We or our collaborators may fail to report adverse events we become aware of within the prescribed timeframe. We or our collaborators may also fail to appreciate that we or our collaborators have
become aware of a reportable adverse event, especially if it is not reported to us as an adverse event or if it is an adverse event that is unexpected or removed in time from the use of our products. If we or our collaborators fail to comply with
our reporting obligations, the FDA, the EMA, EEA Competent Authorities, or other foreign regulatory agencies could take action including criminal prosecution, the imposition of civil monetary penalties, seizure of our products, or delay in approval
or clearance of future products.      If we fail to attract and keep senior management and key scientific personnel, we may be unable to successfully
develop PF582, PF708 or any future product candidates, conduct our clinical trials and commercialize PF582, PF708 or any future product candidates we develop.    
 Our success depends in part on our continued ability to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified management, clinical and scientific
personnel. We believe that our future success is highly dependent upon the contributions of our senior management, particularly our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer, as well as our senior scientists and
other members of our senior management team. Employment agreements with each of our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Business Officer, and other senior executives, as well as our offer letters with our senior scientists, all
provide for  at-will  employment. The loss of services of any of these individuals could delay or prevent the successful development of our product pipeline, completion of our planned clinical trials or the commercialization of PF582,
PF708 or any future products we develop.    Although we have not historically experienced significant difficulties attracting and retaining
qualified employees, we could experience such problems in the future. For example, competition for qualified personnel in the biotechnology and pharmaceuticals industry is intense due to the limited number of individuals who possess the skills and
experience required. We will need to hire additional personnel as we expand our clinical development and commercial activities. We may not be able to attract and retain quality personnel on acceptable terms, or at all, which may cause our business
and operating results to suffer.      We currently rely on a limited number of collaboration partners for a substantial portion of our revenue. The loss
of or a change in any significant collaboration partner, including its credit worthiness, could materially reduce our revenue and adversely impact our financial position.    
 Two collaboration partners accounted for more than 10% of our 2015 and 2013 revenue, and three collaboration partners accounted for more than
10% of our revenue in 2014. Pfizer and the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority, or BARDA, each accounted for more than 10% of our revenue in 2015. BARDA, the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, or NIAID and
Boehringer Ingelheim International GmbH each accounted for more than 10% of our revenue in 2014. In 2013, BARDA and Leidos, Inc., or Leidos, each accounted for more than 10% of our revenue. Additionally, there was one additional entity accounting
for more than 10% of our revenue in 2013; however, this was the result of a one-time transaction and is not expected to provide significant revenue going forward.  
      27  

Table of Contents  

  In August 2016, we and Pfizer entered into a termination agreement pursuant to which our
development and license agreement was terminated and all rights to PF582 returned to us. The termination accelerated recognition of $45.8 million of revenue that had been previously deferred and we will not recognize any additional future revenue
under the Pfizer agreement. Pfizer will no longer be responsible for manufacturing, clinical studies and commercialization of PF582. We will not receive additional revenue from Pfizer.  
 The loss of any key collaboration partner or any significant adverse change in the size or terms of a contract with a key collaboration
partner, such as the termination of the development and license agreement with Pfizer, could significantly reduce our revenue over the short term. Moreover, having our revenue concentrated among a limited number of entities creates a concentration
of financial risk for us, and in the event that any significant collaboration partner is unable to fulfill its payment obligations to us, our operating results and cash position would suffer. See   Risks Relating to our Reliance on Third
Parties   We are substantially dependent on the expertise of Strides Arcolab and Jazz, to develop and commercialize some of our product candidates. If we fail to maintain our current strategic relationship with Strides Arcolab and Jazz, our
business, commercialization prospects and financial condition may be materially adversely affected.        We currently have limited marketing
capabilities and no sales organization.      We currently have limited sales and marketing capabilities. We have no prior experience in
the marketing, sale and distribution of pharmaceutical products and there are significant risks involved in building and managing a sales organization, including our ability to hire, retain and incentivize qualified individuals, generate sufficient
sales leads, provide adequate training to sales and marketing personnel and effectively manage a geographically dispersed sales and marketing team.  
 We will need to invest or find a collaboration partner to invest significant resources in the further development of PF582. In the event that
we independently advance PF582 as a wholly-owned product candidate, we will need to identify potential sales, marketing and distribution partners or establish our own internal sales force. For PF708, we will need to identify potential sales,
marketing and distribution partners or establish our own internal sales force. In the future, we may choose to collaborate with other third parties that have direct sales forces and established distribution systems, either to augment our own sales
force or in lieu of our own sales force. If we are unable to enter into such arrangements on acceptable terms or at all, we may not be able to successfully commercialize our product candidates. If we are not successful in commercializing our product
candidates, either on our own or through collaborations with one or more third parties, our future product revenue will suffer and we would incur significant additional losses.  
   We enter into various contracts in the normal course of our business that periodically incorporate provisions whereby we indemnify the other party to
the contract. In the event we would have to perform under these indemnification provisions, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations.    
 In the normal course of business, we periodically enter into academic, commercial and consulting agreements that contain indemnification
provisions. With respect to our academic agreements, we may be required to indemnify the institution and related parties from losses arising from claims relating to the products, processes or services made, used, sold or performed pursuant to the
agreements for which we have secured licenses, and from claims arising from our or our sublicensees  exercise of rights under the agreement. With respect to commercial agreements entered into with our protein production customers, we typically
provide indemnification for claims from third parties arising out of any potential intellectual property infringement associated with our P f  nex Expression Technology    in the
course of performing our services. With respect to our commercial agreements, the bulk of which are with contract manufacturers, we indemnify our vendors from third-party product liability claims which result from the production, use or consumption
of the product, as well as for certain alleged infringements of any patent or other intellectual property right by a third party. With respect to consultants, we indemnify them from claims arising from the good faith performance of their services.
In all of the above cases, we do not indemnify the parties for claims resulting from the negligence or willful misconduct of the indemnified party.  
 In certain circumstances, we maintain insurance coverage which we believe may limit our obligations under certain of these indemnification
provisions. However, we do not carry insurance for all risks that our business may encounter, including our obligations under certain indemnification provisions. To the extent we do not have insurance to cover certain indemnification obligations, we
are denied insurance coverage, or our obligation under an indemnification provision exceeds applicable insurance coverage, any significant, uninsured liability may require us to pay substantial amounts, which would adversely affect our working
capital and results of operations.     We may have difficulty managing our growth and expanding our operations successfully.    
 As we advance our product candidates through the development process, we will need to expand our development, regulatory, manufacturing,
quality, sales and marketing capabilities or contract with other organizations to provide these capabilities for us. As our operations expand, we expect that we will need to manage additional relationships with various collaborative partners,
suppliers and other organizations.    As of September 30, 2016, we had 62 full-time employees. Our management and personnel, systems and
facilities currently in place may not be adequate to support this future growth. Therefore, we will need to continue to expand our managerial, operational,  
      28  

Table of Contents  

finance and other resources to manage our operations and clinical trials, continue our development activities and commercialize our product candidates, if approved. In order to effectively
execute our growth strategy, we will be required to:      

manage our clinical trials effectively;        

identify, recruit, retain, incentivize and integrate additional employees;        

establish and maintain collaborations with third parties for the development and commercialization of our product candidates, or otherwise build and maintain a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure to
commercialize any products for which we may obtain marketing approval;        

manage our internal development efforts effectively while carrying out our contractual obligations to third parties; and        

continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures.    
 Due to our limited financial resources and our limited experience in managing a company with such anticipated growth, we may not be able to
effectively manage the expansion of our operations or recruit and train additional qualified personnel. In addition, this expansion of our operations may lead to significant costs and may divert our management and business development resources. Any
inability to manage growth could delay the execution of our development and strategic objectives, or disrupt our operations, which could materially impact our business, revenue, and operating results.  
   The U.S. government holds certain intellectual property rights related to our Anthrax vaccine, Px563L and Malaria vaccine, Px533.    
 Although we have intellectual property related to expression of recombinant protective antigen in  P. fluorescens , the U.S. government
holds certain patents related to the recombinant protective antigen, as well as certain license rights to intellectual property related to other Px563L components used to produce the final vaccine, which, if exercised, could materially impact our
business, revenue and operating results. We have rights to utilize this intellectual property held by the U.S. government by virtue of the Authorization and Consent clauses of our contracts with the U.S. government.  
   Our contracts with the U.S. government, and our subcontracts with U.S. government contractors, require ongoing funding decisions by the U.S. government;
reduced or discontinued funding of these contracts could cause our financial condition and operating results to suffer materially.    
 Development of our anthrax vaccine, Px563L, is funded by BARDA and development of our Px563L-SDI anthrax vaccine and our malaria vaccine,
Px533, is funded by NIAID. The funding for government programs is subject to Congressional appropriations, often made on a fiscal year basis, even for programs designed to continue for several years. These appropriations can be subject to political
considerations and stringent budgetary constraints. Additionally, our government-funded development contracts give the U.S. government the right, exercisable in its sole discretion, to extend this contract for successive option periods following a
base period of performance. The value of the services to be performed during these option periods may constitute the majority of the total value of the underlying contract. If levels of government expenditures and authorizations for biodefense
decrease or shift to programs in areas where we do not offer products or are not developing product candidates, or if the U.S. government otherwise declines to exercise its options under its contracts with us, our business, revenue and operating
results would suffer.    Our current contracts with BARDA and NIAID are cost plus fixed fee contracts and potential future contracts with
the U.S. government may also be structured this way. Under our cost plus fixed fee contract, we are allowed to recover our approved costs plus a fixed fee. The total price on a cost plus fixed fee contract is based primarily on allowable costs
incurred, but generally is subject to contract funding limitations. U.S. government regulations require us to notify our customer of any cost overruns or underruns on a cost plus contract. If we incur costs in excess of the funding limitation
specified in the contract, we may not be able to recover those cost overruns.    Moreover, changes in U.S. government contracting policies
could directly affect our financial performance. Factors that could materially adversely affect our U.S. government contracting business include:      

budgetary constraints affecting U.S. government spending generally, or specific departments or agencies in particular;        

changes in U.S. government fiscal policies or available funding;        

changes in U.S. government defense and homeland security priorities;        

changes in U.S. government programs or requirements;        

adoption of new laws or regulations;        

technological developments;    
      29  

Table of Contents  

U.S. government shutdowns, threatened shutdowns or budget delays;        

competition and consolidation in our industry; and        

general economic conditions.      These or other factors could cause U.S. government departments
or agencies to reduce their development funding or future purchases under contracts, to exercise their right to terminate contracts or fail to exercise their options to extend our contracts, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, operating results and ability to meet our financial obligations.      Unfavorable provisions in government contracts,
some of which are customary, may subject our business to material limitations, restrictions and uncertainties and may have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and operating results.    
 Government contracts contain provisions that give the U.S. government substantial rights and remedies, many of which are not typically found in
commercial contracts, including provisions that allow the U.S. government to:      

terminate existing contracts, in whole or in part, for any reason or no reason;        

unilaterally reduce or modify the government s obligations under such contracts or subcontracts, without the contractor s consent, including by imposing equitable price adjustments;    

audit contract-related costs and fees, including allocated indirect costs;        

claim rights, including intellectual property rights, in products and data developed under such agreements;        

under certain circumstances involving public health and safety, license inventions made under such agreements to third parties;        

suspend the contractor from receiving new contracts pending resolution of alleged violations of procurement laws or regulations;        

impose U.S. manufacturing requirements for products that embody inventions conceived or first reduced to practice under such contracts;    

suspend or debar the contractor from doing future business with the government;        

decline to exercise an option to continue a contract;        

exercise an option to purchase only the minimum amount, if any, specified in a contract;        

decline to exercise an option to purchase the maximum amount, if any, specified in a contract;        

claim rights to facilities or to products, including intellectual property, developed under the contract;        

require repayment of contract funds spent on construction of facilities in the event of contract default;        

take actions that result in a longer development timeline than expected;        

change the course of a development program in a manner that differs from the contract s original terms or from our desired development plan, including decisions regarding our partners in the program;

pursue civil or criminal remedies under the False Claims Act, or FCA, and False Statements Act; and        

control or prohibit the export of products.      Generally, government contracts, including our
contracts with BARDA and NIAID, contain provisions permitting unilateral termination or modification, in whole or in part, at the U.S. government s convenience. Under general principles of government contracting law, if the U.S. government
terminates a contract for convenience, the government contractor may recover only its incurred or committed costs, settlement expenses and profit on work completed prior to the termination. If the U.S. government terminates a contract for default,
the government contractor is entitled to recover costs incurred and associated profits on accepted items only and may be liable for excess costs incurred by the government in procuring undelivered items from another source. In addition, government
contracts normally contain additional requirements that may increase our costs of doing business, reduce our profits, and expose us to liability for failure to comply with these terms and conditions. These requirements include, for example:  

specialized accounting systems unique to government contracts;        

mandatory financial audits and potential liability for price adjustments or recoupment of government funds after such funds have been spent;    
      30  

Table of Contents  

public disclosures of certain contract information, which may enable competitors to gain insights into our research program;        

mandatory internal control systems and policies; and        

mandatory socioeconomic compliance requirements, including labor standards, non-discrimination and affirmative action programs and environmental compliance requirements.    
 If we fail to maintain compliance with these requirements, we may be subject to potential contract or FCA liability and to termination of our
contracts.    Furthermore, we are required to enter into agreements and subcontracts with third parties, including suppliers, consultants
and other third-party contractors in order to satisfy our contractual obligations pursuant to our agreements with the United States government. Negotiating and entering into such arrangements can be time-consuming and we may not be able to reach
agreement with such third parties. Any such agreement must also be compliant with the terms of our government contract. Any delay or inability to enter into such arrangements or entering into such arrangements in a manner that is non-compliant with
the terms of our contract, may result in violations of our contract.      We may not have the right to prohibit the U.S. government from using certain
technologies developed by us, and we may not be able to prohibit third-party companies, including our competitors, from using those technologies in providing products and services to the U.S. government. The U.S. government generally takes the
position that it has the right to royalty-free use of technologies that are developed under U.S. government contracts.      Most U.S.
government contracts grant the U.S. government the right to use on a royalty free basis, for or on behalf of the U.S. government, any technologies developed and data first produced by the contractor under the government contract. If we were to
develop technology under a contract with such a provision, we might not be able to prohibit third parties, including our competitors, from using that technology in providing products and services to the U.S. government.  
   Our business is subject to audit by the U.S. government and a negative audit could adversely affect our business.    
 U.S. government agencies such as the Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, and the Defense Contract Audit Agency, or the DCAA,
routinely audit and investigate government contractors and recipients of federal grants and contracts. These agencies review a contractor s performance under its contracts, cost structure and compliance with applicable laws, regulations and
standards.    The HHS and the DCAA also review the adequacy of, and a contractor s compliance with, its internal control systems and
policies, including the contractor s accounting, purchasing, property, estimating, compensation and management information systems. Any costs found to be improperly allocated to a specific contract will not be reimbursed, while such costs
already reimbursed must be refunded. If an audit uncovers improper or illegal activities, we may be subject to civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including:  

termination of contracts;        

forfeiture of profits;        

suspension of payments;        

fines; and        

suspension or prohibition from conducting business with the U.S. government.      In addition, we
could suffer serious reputational harm if allegations of impropriety were made against us, which could cause our stock price to decrease.      The
United States government s determination to award a future contract may be challenged by an interested party, such as another bidder, at the United States Government Accountability Office, or the GAO, or in federal court. If such a challenge is
successful, any future contract we may be awarded may be terminated.      The laws and regulations governing the procurement of goods
and services by the U.S. government provide procedures by which other bidders and interested parties may challenge the award of a government contract. If we are awarded a government contract, such challenges or protests could be filed even if there
are not any valid legal grounds on which to base the protest. If any such protests are filed, the government agency may decide to suspend our performance under the contract while such protests are being considered by the GAO or the applicable
federal court, thus potentially delaying delivery of payment. In addition, we could be forced to expend considerable funds to defend any potential award. If a protest is successful, the government may be ordered to
 
      31  

Table of Contents  

terminate the contract and resolicit proposals. The government agencies with which we have contracts could even be directed to award a potential contract to one of the other bidders.  
   Laws and regulations affecting government contracts make it more costly and difficult for us to successfully conduct our business.    
 We must comply with numerous laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration and performance of government contracts, which can
make it more difficult for us to retain our rights under our government contracts, including our contracts with BARDA and NIAID. These laws and regulations affect how we conduct business with government agencies. Among the most significant
government contracting regulations that affect our business are:      

the Federal Acquisition Regulations, or FAR, and agency-specific regulations supplemental to the FAR, which comprehensively regulate the procurement, formation, administration and performance of government contracts;

the Truth in Negotiations Act, which requires certification and disclosure of cost or pricing data in connection with contract negotiations;    

business ethics and public integrity obligations, which govern conflicts of interest and the hiring of former government employees, restrict the granting of gratuities and funding of lobbying activities and include
other requirements such as the Anti-Kickback Statute and Foreign Corrupt Practices Act;        

export and import control laws and regulations; and        

laws, regulations and executive orders restricting the use and dissemination of information classified for national security purposes and the exportation of certain products and technical data.    
 Any material changes in applicable laws and regulations could restrict our ability to maintain our existing BARDA and NIAID contracts and
obtain new contracts, which could limit our ability to conduct our business and materially adversely affect our results of operations.      Agreements
with government agencies may lead to claims against us under the Federal False Claims Act, and these claims could result in substantial fines and other penalties.    
 The biopharmaceutical industry is, and in recent years has been, under heightened scrutiny as the subject of government investigations and
enforcement actions. Our government contracts are subject to substantial financial penalties under the Federal Civil Monetary Penalties Act and the FCA. Under the FCA s  whistleblower  provisions, private enforcement of fraud claims
against businesses on behalf of the U.S. government has increased due in part to amendments to the FCA that encourage private individuals to sue on behalf of the government. These whistleblower suits, known as qui tam actions, may be filed by
private individuals, including present and former employees. The FCA statute provides for treble damages and up to $11,000 per false claim. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws, or any other governmental regulations
that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. Any penalties, damages, fines,
exclusions, curtailment, or restructuring of our operations could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results.  
   If product liability lawsuits are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization of any future
products we develop.      We face a risk of product liability as a result of the clinical testing of our product candidates and will
face an even greater risk if we commercialize any products. For example, we may incur liability if any product we develop allegedly causes injury or is found to be otherwise unsuitable during product testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any
such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability and a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under
state consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit commercialization of our products. Regardless of the merits or eventual
outcome, liability claims may result in:      

decreased demand for PF582, PF708 or any future product candidates or products we develop;        

injury to our reputation and significant negative media attention;        

withdrawal of clinical trial participants or cancellation of clinical trials;        

costs to defend the related litigation;        

a diversion of management s time and our resources;        

substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients;        

regulatory investigations, product recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions;    
      32  

Table of Contents  

loss of revenue; and        

the inability to commercialize any products we develop.      Our inability to obtain and maintain
sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost and scope of coverage to protect against potential product liability claims could impact the commercialization of PF582, PF708 and any future products we develop. We currently carry
product liability insurance covering our clinical trials in the amount of $10.0 million in the aggregate. Although we maintain such insurance, any claim that may be brought against us could result in a court judgment or settlement that is in excess
of the limits of our insurance coverage. Our insurance policies also have various exclusions and deductibles, and we may be subject to a product liability claim for which we have no coverage. We will have to pay any amounts awarded by a court or
negotiated in a settlement that exceed our coverage limitations or that are not covered by our insurance, and we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient capital to pay such amounts. Moreover, in the future, we may not be able to maintain
insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to protect us against losses. If and when we obtain approval for marketing PF582, PF708 or any other product candidates, we intend to expand our insurance coverage to include the sale
of such products; however, we may be unable to obtain this liability insurance on commercially reasonable terms.      Our employees, independent
contractors, principal investigators, CROs, consultants and collaborators may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements and insider trading.    
 We are exposed to the risk that our employees, independent contractors, principal investigators, third-party clinical research organizations,
or CROs, consultants and collaborators may engage in fraudulent conduct or other illegal activity. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct or unauthorized activities that violate: (1) regulations
of the FDA and comparable foreign authorities, including those laws requiring the reporting of true, complete and accurate information to such authorities; (2) manufacturing standards; (3) federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws
and regulations; or (4) laws that require the reporting of true and accurate financial information and data. In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations
intended to prevent fraud, misconduct, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive
programs and other business arrangements. These activities also include the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. We have adopted a Code
of Ethics and Conduct, but it is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by employees and other third parties, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged
risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in
defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business including the imposition of significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, monetary fines, possible exclusion from
participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and curtailment of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate
our business and our results of operations.      Our cash and cash equivalents and short term investments could be adversely affected if the financial
institutions in which we hold our cash and cash equivalents and short term investments fail.      We regularly maintain cash balances
at third-party financial institutions in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or FDIC, insurance limit. While we monitor the cash balances in our accounts and adjust the balances as appropriate, these balances could be impacted, and
there could be a material adverse effect on our business, if one or more of the financial institutions with which we deposit fails or is subject to other adverse conditions in the financial or credit markets. To date, we have experienced no loss or
lack of access to our invested cash or cash equivalents; however, we can provide no assurance that access to our invested cash and cash equivalents will not be impacted by adverse conditions in the financial and credit markets.  
   Our business involves the use of hazardous materials and we, our collaboration partners, and our third-party manufacturers and suppliers must comply
with environmental laws and regulations, which can be expensive and restrict how we do business.      Our research and development and
manufacturing activities and our third-party manufacturers  and suppliers  activities involve the controlled storage, use and disposal of hazardous materials owned by us, including small quantities of acetonitrile, methanol, ethanol,
ethidium bromide and compressed gases, and other hazardous compounds. We and our collaboration partners, manufacturers and suppliers are subject to laws and regulations governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of these
hazardous materials. In some cases, these hazardous materials and various wastes resulting from their use are stored at our and our manufacturers  facilities pending their use and disposal. We cannot eliminate the risk of contamination, which
could cause an interruption of our commercialization efforts, research and development efforts and business operations, environmental damage resulting in costly clean-up and liabilities under applicable laws and regulations governing the use,
storage, handling and disposal of these materials and specified waste products.  
      33  

Table of Contents  

  Although we believe that the safety procedures utilized by us and our third-party manufacturers
for handling and disposing of these materials generally comply with the standards prescribed by these laws and regulations, we cannot guarantee that this is the case or eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials.
In such an event, we may be held liable for any resulting damages and such liability could exceed our resources and state or federal or other applicable authorities may curtail our use of certain materials and interrupt our business operations.  
 We are also subject to numerous environmental, health and workplace safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory
procedures, and the handling of biohazardous materials. Although we maintain workers  compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of these materials, this
insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. For claims not covered by workers  compensation insurance, we also maintain an employer s liability insurance policy in the amount of $1.0 million per occurrence
and in the aggregate. We do not maintain insurance for environmental liability or toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us.  
 Environmental laws and regulations are complex, change frequently and have tended to become more stringent. We cannot predict the impact of
such changes and cannot be certain of our future compliance. Any inability to comply with environmental laws and regulations may adversely affect our business and operating results.  
   Changes in accounting principles, or interpretations thereof, could have a significant impact on our financial position and results of operations.
     We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America, referred to as GAAP. These principles are subject to interpretation by the SEC and various bodies formed to interpret and create appropriate accounting principles. A change in these principles can have a significant effect on our
reported results and may even retroactively affect previously reported transactions. Additionally, the adoption of new or revised accounting principles may require that we make significant changes to our systems, processes and controls.
   It is not clear if or when these potential changes in accounting principles may become effective, whether we have the proper systems and
controls in place to accommodate such changes and the impact that any such changes may have on our financial position and results of operations.     Risks
Relating to our Reliance on Third Parties       We are substantially dependent on the expertise of Strides Arcolab and Jazz to develop and
commercialize some of our product candidates. If we fail to maintain our current strategic relationship with Strides Arcolab and Jazz, our business, commercialization prospects and financial condition may be materially adversely affected.
     Because we have limited or no capabilities for late-stage product development, manufacturing, sales, marketing and distribution,
we may need to enter into alliances with other companies to develop our product candidates. For example, we have entered into agreements with Strides Arcolab and Jazz, pursuant to which we will transfer the development, manufacture and
commercialization of some of our products.    In February 2015, we entered into a development and license agreement with Pfizer to develop
and commercialize PF582. In August 2016, we and Pfizer entered into a termination agreement pursuant to which the development and license agreement was terminated and all rights to PF582 have been returned to us. The termination accelerated
recognition of $45.8 million of revenue that had been previously deferred and we will not recognize any additional future revenue under the Pfizer license agreement. We may seek a new collaboration partner for the development and commercialization
of PF582, however there are no assurances that we can find a new collaboration partner or that the terms and timing of any such arrangements would be acceptable to us. As a result, we could experience a significant delay in the PF582
development process.  
      34  

Table of Contents  

  For the products included in the Joint Development   License Agreement, or JDLA, Strides
Arcolab is responsible for development expenses up to Phase 3, at which time we will share in expenses and revenue going forward. Additionally, we will transfer the development, manufacture and commercialization of the products to a joint venture
company jointly owned by us and Strides Arcolab upon completion of Phase 1 trials.    In July 2016, we entered into a license and option
agreement with Jazz, pursuant to which we and Jazz will collaboratively develop certain hematology products, and Jazz will have the exclusive right to manufacture and commercialize such products throughout the world. In addition, pursuant to
the agreement, we have granted Jazz certain other rights to negotiate the exclusive right to develop, manufacture and commercialize throughout the world other hematology products that are currently or in the future may be developed by us, including
PF690 (pegaspargase), a biosimilar candidate to the reference product Oncaspar. In consideration for the exclusive licenses and other rights contained in the agreement, we received upfront and option payments totaling $15 million in July 2016,
and may be eligible to receive additional payments of up to $166 million based on the achievement of certain development, regulatory, and sales-related milestones, including up to $41 million for certain non-sales-related milestones. We may
also be eligible to receive tiered royalties on worldwide sales of any products resulting from the collaboration.    The prospects for the
product candidates developed under these collaborations depend on the expertise, development and commercial skills, and financial strength of Strides Arcolab and Jazz, respectively. Our collaborations with Strides Arcolab or Jazz or any future
collaboration partner may not be successful, and we may not realize the expected benefits from such collaborations, due to a number of important factors, including but not limited to the following:  

Strides Arcolab or Jazz or any future collaboration partner may terminate their agreements with us prior to completing development or commercialization of our product candidates, in whole or in part, adversely impacting
our potential approval and revenue from licensed products;        

the timing and amount of any payments we may receive under these agreements will depend on, among other things, the efforts, allocation of resources, and successful commercialization of the relevant product candidates
by Strides Arcolab or Jazz or any future collaboration partner, as applicable, under our agreements;        

the timing and amounts of expense reimbursement that we may receive are uncertain; or        

Strides Arcolab or Jazz or any future collaboration partner may change the focus of their development or commercialization efforts or pursue or emphasize higher priority programs.    
 A failure of Strides Arcolab or Jazz or any future collaboration partner to successfully develop our product candidates which are covered by
the collaboration, or commercialize such product candidates, or the termination of our agreement with Strides Arcolab or Jazz or any future collaboration partner, as applicable, may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations and financial condition.      Our existing product development and/or commercialization arrangements, and any that we may enter into in the
future, may not be successful, which could adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize our product candidates.      We
are a party to, and continue to seek additional, collaboration arrangements with other pharmaceutical companies for the development and/or commercialization of our current and future product candidates. In such alliances, we would expect our
collaboration partners to provide substantial capabilities in clinical development, manufacturing, regulatory affairs, sales and marketing, both in the United States and internationally.  
 To the extent that we decide to enter into collaboration agreements, we will face significant competition in seeking appropriate collaboration
partners. Any failure to meet our clinical milestones with respect to an unpartnered product candidate would make finding a collaboration partner more difficult. Moreover, collaboration arrangements are complex and time consuming to negotiate,
document and implement, and we cannot guarantee that we can successfully maintain such relationships or that the terms of such arrangements will be favorable to us. If we fail to establish and implement collaboration or other alternative
arrangements, the value of our business and operating results will be adversely affected.    We may not be successful in our efforts to
establish, implement and maintain collaborations or other alternative arrangements if we choose to enter into such arrangements. The terms of any collaboration or other arrangements that we may establish may not be favorable to us. The management of
collaborations may take significant time and resources that distract our management from other matters. Our ability to successfully collaborate with any future collaboration partners may be impaired by multiple factors including:  

a collaboration partner may shift its priorities and resources away from our programs due to a change in business strategies, or a merger, acquisition, sale or downsizing of its company or business unit;

a collaboration partner may cease development in therapeutic areas which are the subject of alliances with us;    
      35  

Table of Contents  

a collaboration partner may change the success criteria for a particular program or product candidate thereby delaying or ceasing development of such program or candidate;    

a significant delay in initiation of certain development activities by a collaboration partner will also delay payments tied to such activities, thereby impacting our ability to fund our own activities;

a collaboration partner could develop a product that competes, either directly or indirectly, with our current or future products, if any;    

a collaboration partner with commercialization obligations may not commit sufficient financial or human resources to the marketing, distribution or sale of a product;    

a collaboration partner with manufacturing responsibilities may encounter regulatory, resource or quality issues and be unable to meet demand requirements;    

a collaboration partner may exercise its rights under the agreement to terminate our collaboration;        

a dispute may arise between us and a collaboration partner concerning the research or development of a product candidate or commercialization of a product resulting in a delay in milestones, royalty payments or
termination of a program and possibly resulting in costly litigation or arbitration which may divert management attention and resources;        

the results of our clinical trials may not match our collaboration partners  expectations, even if statistically significant;        

a collaboration partner may not adequately protect or enforce the intellectual property rights associated with a product or product candidate; and    

a collaboration partner may use our proprietary information or intellectual property in such a way as to invite litigation from a third party.    
 Any such activities by our current or future collaboration partners could adversely affect us financially and could harm our business
reputation.    In addition to product development and commercialization capabilities, we may depend on our alliances with other companies to
provide substantial additional funding for development and potential commercialization of our product candidates. We may not be able to obtain funding on favorable terms from these alliances, and if we are not successful in doing so, we may not have
sufficient funds to develop a particular product candidate internally, or to bring product candidates to market. Failure to bring our product candidates to market will prevent us from generating sales revenue, and this may substantially harm our
business. Furthermore, any delay in entering into these alliances could delay the development and commercialization of our product candidates and reduce their competitiveness even if they reach the market. As a result, our business and operating
results may be adversely affected.      We rely on CROs to conduct and oversee our planned clinical trials for our product candidates and other clinical
trials for product candidates we are developing or may develop in the future. If our CROs do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines, or otherwise conduct the trials as required or comply with regulatory
requirements, we and our collaboration partners may not be able to seek or obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our product candidates when expected or at all, and our business could be substantially harmed.    
 We will continue to rely upon medical institutions, clinical investigators and contract laboratories to conduct our trials in accordance with
our clinical protocols and in accordance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. These third parties play a significant role in the conduct of these trials and the subsequent collection and analysis of data from the clinical trials. These
third parties are not our employees, and except for remedies available to us under our agreements with such third parties, there is no guarantee that any such third party will devote adequate time and resources to our clinical trial. If our CRO or
any other third parties upon which we rely for administration and conduct of our clinical trials do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if they need to be replaced or if the quality or
accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols, regulatory requirements, or for other reasons, or if they otherwise perform in a substandard manner, our clinical trials may be
extended, delayed, suspended or terminated, and we may not be able to complete development of, seek or obtain regulatory approval for, or successfully commercialize our product candidates. We plan to rely heavily on these third parties for the
execution of clinical trials for products we are developing or may develop in the future, and will control only certain aspects of their activities. Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our clinical trials is conducted in
accordance with the applicable protocol, legal, regulatory and scientific standards, and our reliance on our CRO does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities.  
 We, our CRO and our collaborators are required to comply with Good Clinical Practice, or GCP, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by
regulatory authorities around the world for products in clinical development. Regulatory authorities enforce these GCP regulations through periodic inspections of clinical trial sponsors, principal investigators and clinical trial sites. If we, our
CRO or our collaborators fail to comply with applicable GCP regulations, the clinical data generated in clinical trials may be deemed  
      36  

Table of Contents  

unreliable and submission of marketing applications may be delayed or the regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before accepting our applications for review
or approving marketing applications. We cannot assure that, upon inspection, a regulatory authority will determine that any of our clinical trials comply or complied with applicable GCP regulations. In addition, clinical trials must be conducted
with product produced under current Good Manufacturing Practices, or cGMP, regulations, which are enforced by regulatory authorities. Any failure to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the
regulatory approval process. Moreover, our business may be implicated if our CRO violates federal or state fraud and abuse or false claims laws and regulations or healthcare privacy and security laws.  
 Comparative clinical trials require a substantial number of patients that can form the basis for generating statistically significant results.
Delays in site initiation or unexpectedly low patient enrollment rates may delay the results of the clinical trial. CROs may also generate higher costs than anticipated. As a result, our results of operations and the commercial prospects for our
product candidates would be harmed, our costs could increase, and our ability to generate revenue could be delayed. Further, if our relationship with our CRO is terminated, we may be unable to enter into arrangements with an alternative CRO on
commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Switching or adding CROs can involve substantial cost and require extensive management time and focus. In addition, there is a natural transition period when a new CRO commences work. As a result, delays may
occur, which can materially impact our ability to meet our desired clinical development timelines. Although we carefully manage our relationship with our CROs, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter such challenges or delays in the
future or that these delays or challenges will not have a material adverse impact on our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations.  
   We rely on third parties, and in some cases a single third party, to manufacture nonclinical and clinical supplies of our product candidates and to
store critical components of our product candidates for us. Our business could be harmed if those third parties fail to provide us with sufficient quantities of product candidates, or fail to do so at acceptable quality levels or prices.
     We do not currently have the infrastructure or capability internally to manufacture supplies of our product candidates for use in
clinical studies, and we lack the resources and the capability to manufacture any of our product candidates on a clinical or commercial scale. We rely on third-party manufacturers, including our collaboration partners, Strides Arcolab and Jazz, to
manufacture our product candidates for preclinical and clinical studies. Successfully transferring complicated manufacturing techniques to manufacturing organizations and scaling up these techniques for commercial quantities will be time consuming
and we may not be able to achieve such transfer. Moreover, the market for contract manufacturing services for protein therapeutics is highly cyclical, with periods of relatively abundant capacity alternating with periods in which there is little
available capacity. If our need for contract manufacturing services increases during a period of industry-wide production capacity shortage, we may not be able to produce our product candidates on a timely basis or on commercially viable terms.
Although we generally do not begin a clinical study unless we believe we have a sufficient supply of a product candidate to complete such study, any significant delay or discontinuation in the supply of a product candidate for an ongoing clinical
study due to the need to replace a third-party manufacturer could considerably delay completion of our clinical studies, product testing, and potential regulatory approval of our product candidates, which could harm our business and results of
operations.    Reliance on third-party manufacturers entails additional risks, including reliance on the third party for regulatory
compliance and quality assurance, the possible breach of the manufacturing agreement by the third party, and the possible termination or nonrenewal of the agreement by the third party at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us. In addition,
third-party manufacturers may not be able to comply with cGMP, or similar regulatory requirements outside the United States. Our failure, or the failure of our third-party manufacturers, to comply with applicable regulations could result in
sanctions being imposed on us, including fines, injunctions, civil penalties, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, license revocation, seizures or recalls of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could
significantly and adversely affect supplies of our product candidates or any other product candidates or products that we may develop. Any failure or refusal to supply the components for our product candidates that are being developed could delay,
prevent or impair clinical development or commercialization efforts. If our manufacturers were to breach or terminate their manufacturing arrangements with us, the development or commercialization of the affected products or product candidates could
be delayed, which could have an adverse effect on our business. Any change in our manufacturers could be costly because the commercial terms of any new arrangement could be less favorable and because the expenses relating to the transfer of
necessary technology and processes could be significant.    If any of our product candidates are approved, in order to produce the
quantities necessary to meet anticipated market demand, any manufacturer that we engage may need to increase manufacturing capacity. If we or our manufacturers are unable to produce our product candidates in sufficient quantities to meet the
requirements for the launch of these products or to meet future demand, our revenue and gross margins could be adversely affected. Although we currently believe that we and our manufacturers will not have any material supply issues, we cannot be
certain that we will be able to obtain long-term supply arrangements for our product candidates or materials used to produce them on acceptable terms, if at all. If we are unable to arrange for third-party manufacturing, or to do so on commercially
reasonable terms, we may not be able to complete development of our products or market them.  
      37  

Table of Contents  

  We also rely on third parties to store the PF582, PF530 and PF708 master and working cell banks.
We have one master cell bank and one working cell bank and believe we would have adequate backup should any cell bank be lost in a catastrophic event. However, it is possible that we could lose multiple cell banks and have our manufacturing severely
impacted by the need to replace the cell banks, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
   We rely on third-party suppliers, and in some instances a single third-party supplier, for the manufacture and supply of certain materials in our
protein production services, and these suppliers could cease to manufacture the materials, go out of business or otherwise not perform as anticipated.    
 We rely on third-party suppliers for our protein production services and in some instances a single third-party supplier, for the manufacture
and supply of certain materials. We currently rely, and expect to continue to rely, on a single-source supplier for the manufacture and supply of CRM197. To meet these demands, our supplier is in the process of increasing production capacity, and we
also have established a repository in the United States that is capable of storing a safety supply of CRM197 and the CRM197 cell bank. Furthermore, we have taken steps to identify alternate sources of supply sufficient to support future needs;
however, there may be delays in switching to these alternative suppliers if our contract with primary sources are terminated without notice. Regardless of the foregoing alternative measures, we cannot guarantee that we will have an adequate supply
of CRM197. If we are unable to secure adequate quantities of CRM197 from our primary supplier, from potential secondary suppliers or from our safety supply, we may be required to identify additional suppliers. If we are required to engage additional
suppliers, we may not be able to enter into an alternative supply arrangement on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Even if we are able to identify additional suppliers and enter into agreements on commercially reasonable terms, we may incur
delays associated with identifying and qualifying additional suppliers and negotiating the terms of any supply contracts. These delays could adversely impact our business and negatively affect profitability of our protein production services.  
   We have entered into collaborations with third parties in connection with the development of certain of our product candidates. Even if we believe that
the development of our technology and product candidates is promising, our partners may choose not to proceed with such development.    
 Our existing agreements with our collaboration partners, including our agreements with Strides Arcolab and Jazz, are generally subject to
termination by the counterparty on short notice upon the occurrence of certain circumstances. Accordingly, even if we believe that the development of product candidates is worth pursuing, our partners may choose not to continue with such
development. If any of our collaborations are terminated, such as the recent termination of our collaboration with Pfizer, we may be required to devote additional resources to the development of our product candidates or seek a new collaboration
partner on short notice, and the terms of any additional collaboration or other arrangements that we establish may not be favorable to us.  
 We are also at risk that our collaborations or other arrangements may not be successful. Factors that may affect the success of our
collaborations include the following:      

our collaboration partners may incur financial and cash flow difficulties that force them to limit or reduce their participation in our joint projects;    

our collaboration partners may be pursuing alternative technologies or developing alternative products that are competitive to our technology and products, either on their own or in partnership with others;

our collaboration partners may terminate their collaboration with us, which could make it difficult for us to attract new partners or adversely affect perception of us in the business and financial communities; and

our collaboration partners may pursue higher priority programs or change the focus of their development programs, which could affect their commitment to us.    
 If we cannot maintain successful collaborations, our business, financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected.  
   If we are unable to maintain our commercial supply agreements with key customers purchasing CRM197 or if third-party distributors of our reagent
proteins fail to perform as expected, sales revenue could decline.      We primarily sell CRM197 directly to biopharmaceutical
companies and currently have several commercial supply agreements in place for long-term supply of CRM197. To establish and maintain relationships with customers, we believe we need to maintain adequate supplies of CRM197, remain price competitive,
comply with regulatory regulations and provide high quality products. If we are unable to establish and maintain arrangements for the sale of CRM197, our revenue and profits would decline.  
      38  

Table of Contents  

  Although we sell our protein reagents through multiple sales channels, including our ecommerce
website, we also sell our protein reagents to some of our customers through third-party distributors. Many of such third parties also market and sell products from our competitors. Our third-party distributors may terminate their relationships with
us at any time, or with short notice. Our future performance will also depend, in part, on our ability to attract additional third-party distributors that will be able to market protein reagents effectively, especially in markets in which we have
not previously distributed our protein reagents. If our current third-party distributors fail to perform as expected, our revenue and results of operations could be harmed.  
  Risks Relating to Our Intellectual Property       Our
collaboration partners may assert ownership or commercial rights to inventions we develop from our use of the materials which they provide to us, or otherwise arising from our collaboration.    
 We collaborate with several companies and institutions with respect to research and development matters. Also, we rely on numerous third
parties to provide us with materials that we use to develop our technology. If we cannot successfully negotiate sufficient ownership, licensing and/or commercial rights to any inventions that result from our use of any third-party
collaborator s materials, or if disputes arise with respect to the intellectual property developed with the use of a collaborator s materials, or data developed in a collaborator s study, our ability to capitalize on the market
potential of these inventions or developments may be limited or precluded altogether.      If our efforts to protect our intellectual property related
to our platform technology and our current or future product candidates are not adequate, we may not be able to compete effectively in our market.    
 We rely upon a combination of patents, trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect the intellectual property related to
our current product candidates and our development programs. If we do not adequately protect our intellectual property, competitors may be able to use our technologies and erode or negate any competitive advantage we may have, which could harm our
business and ability to achieve profitability. In particular, our success depends in large part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection in the United States and other countries with respect to our platform and product
candidates. However, we may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. We may also fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development before it is too
late to obtain patent protection. Any disclosure to or misappropriation by third parties of our confidential proprietary information could enable competitors to quickly duplicate or surpass our technological achievements, eroding our competitive
position in our market.    The patentability of inventions, and the validity, enforceability and scope of patents in the biotechnology and
pharmaceutical industry involve complex legal and scientific questions and can be uncertain. This uncertainty includes changes to the patent laws through either legislative action to change statutory patent law or court action that may reinterpret
existing law in ways affecting the scope or validity of issued patents. The patent applications that we own or license may fail to result in issued patents in the United States or foreign countries. There is a substantial amount of prior art in
the biotechnology and pharmaceutical fields, including scientific publications, patents and patent applications. Our ability to obtain and maintain valid and enforceable patents depends on whether the differences between our technology and the prior
art allow our technology to be patentable over the prior art. We may be unaware of certain prior art relating to our patent applications and patents, which could prevent a patent from issuing from a pending patent application, or result in an issued
patent being invalidated. Even if the patents do successfully issue, third parties may challenge the validity, enforceability or scope of such issued patents or any other issued patents we own or license, which may result in such patents being
narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable.    Patents granted by the European Patent Office may be opposed by any person within nine
months from the publication of their grant and, in addition, may be challenged before national courts at any time. Furthermore, even if they are unchallenged, our patents and patent applications may not adequately protect our intellectual property
or prevent others from designing around our claims. If the breadth or strength of protection provided by the patents and patent applications we hold, license or pursue with respect to our product candidates is threatened, it could threaten our
ability to commercialize our product candidates. In addition, recent changes to the patent laws of the United States provide additional procedures for third parties to challenge the validity of issued patents based on patent applications filed after
March 15, 2013. If the breadth or strength of protection provided by the patents and patent applications we hold or pursue with respect to our current or future product candidates is challenged, then it could threaten our ability to
commercialize our current or future product candidates, and could threaten our ability to prevent competitive products from being marketed. Further, if we encounter delays in our clinical trials, the period of time during which we could market our
current or future product candidates under patent protection would be reduced. Since patent applications in the United States and most other countries are confidential for a period of time after filing, we cannot be certain that we were the first to
either (i) file any patent application related to our product candidates, or (ii) invent any of the inventions claimed in our patents or patent applications. Furthermore, for applications filed before March 16, 2013, or patents
issuing from such applications, an interference proceeding can be provoked by a third party, or instituted by the United States Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, to determine who was the first to invent any of the subject matter covered by the
patent claims of our applications and patents. As of March 16, 2013, the United States transitioned to a  first-to-file   
      39  

Table of Contents  

system for deciding which party should be granted a patent when two or more patent applications are filed by different parties claiming the same invention. A third party that files a patent
application in the USPTO before us could therefore be awarded a patent covering an invention of ours even if we had made the invention before it was made by the third party.  
 The change to  first-to-file  from  first-to-invent  is one of the changes to the patent laws of the United States
resulting from the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the Leahy-Smith Act, signed into law on September 16, 2011. Among some of the other significant changes to the patent laws are changes that limit where a patentee may file a patent
infringement suit and provide opportunities for third parties to challenge any issued patent in the USPTO. It is not yet clear what, if any, impact the Leahy-Smith Act will have on the operation of our business. However, the Leahy-Smith Act and its
implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial
condition.    Even where laws provide protection, costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope
of our proprietary rights, and the outcome of such litigation would be uncertain. Moreover, any actions we may bring to enforce our intellectual property against our competitors could provoke them to bring counterclaims against us, and some of our
competitors have substantially greater intellectual property portfolios than we have.      If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade
secrets, the value of our technology could be materially adversely affected and our business would be harmed.      In addition to the
protection afforded by patents, we also rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect proprietary know-how that may not be patentable, processes for which patents may be difficult to obtain or enforce and any other
elements of our product development processes that involve proprietary know-how, information or technology that is not covered by patents.  
 As part of our efforts to protect our trade secrets and other confidential information, we require our employees, consultants, collaborators
and advisors to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of their relationships with us. These agreements require that all confidential information developed by the individual or made known to the individual by us during the course
of the individual s relationship with us be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties. These agreements, however, may not provide us with adequate protection against improper use or disclosure of confidential information, and these
agreements may be breached. Adequate remedies may not exist in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information. We also note in this respect that trade secret protection in foreign countries may not provide protection to
the same extent as federal and state laws in the United States. A breach of confidentiality could significantly affect our competitive position. In addition, in some situations, these agreements may conflict with, or be subject to, the rights of
third parties with whom our employees, consultants, collaborators or advisors have previous employment or consulting relationships. To the extent that our employees, consultants or contractors use any intellectual property owned by others in their
work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in any related or resulting know-how and inventions. Also, third parties, including our competitors, may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and technologies or
otherwise lawfully gain access to our trade secrets and other confidential information. In such a case, we would have no right to prevent such third parties from using such proprietary information or technologies to compete with us, which could harm
our competitive position.      If we infringe or are alleged to infringe intellectual property rights of third parties, our business could be harmed.
     Our research, development and commercialization activities may infringe or otherwise violate or be claimed to infringe or
otherwise violate patents owned or controlled by other parties. Our competitors have developed large portfolios of patents and patent applications in fields relating to our business and it may not always be clear to industry participants, including
us, which patents cover various types of products or methods of use. There may also be patent applications that have been filed but not published that, when issued as patents, could be asserted against us. The coverage of patents is subject to
interpretation by the courts, and the interpretation is not always uniform. If we are sued for patent infringement, we would need to demonstrate that our product candidates, products or methods either do not infringe the patent claims of the
relevant patent or that the patent claims are invalid, and we may not be able to do this. Proving that a patent is invalid is difficult. For example, in the United States, proving invalidity requires a showing of clear and convincing evidence to
overcome the presumption of validity enjoyed by issued patents. Also in proceedings before courts in Europe, the burden of proving invalidity of the patent usually rests on the party alleging invalidity. Third parties could bring claims against us
that would cause us to incur substantial expenses and, if successful against us, could cause us to pay substantial damages. Further, if a patent infringement suit were brought against us, we could be forced to stop or delay research, development,
manufacturing or sales of the product or product candidate that is the subject of the suit.    As a result of patent infringement claims, or
to avoid potential claims, we may choose or be required to seek licenses from third parties. These licenses may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Even if we are able to obtain a license, the license would likely obligate us to pay
license fees or royalties or both, and the rights granted to us might be nonexclusive, which could result in our  
      40  

Table of Contents  

competitors gaining access to the same intellectual property. Ultimately, we could be prevented from commercializing a product, or be forced to cease some aspect of our business operations, if,
as a result of actual or threatened patent infringement claims, we are unable to enter into licenses on acceptable terms.    There has been
substantial litigation and other proceedings regarding patent and other intellectual property rights in the pharmaceutical industry. In addition to infringement claims against us, we may become a party to other patent litigation and other
proceedings, including interference, derivation or post-grant proceedings declared or granted by the USPTO and similar proceedings in foreign countries, regarding intellectual property rights with respect to our current or future products. Third
parties may submit applications for patent term extensions in the United States and/or supplementary protection certificates in the European Union member States seeking to extend certain patent protection which, if approved, may interfere with or
delay the launch of one or more of our biosimilar or vaccine products. The cost to us of any patent litigation or other proceeding, even if resolved in our favor, could be substantial. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such
litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their substantially greater financial resources. Patent litigation and other proceedings may also absorb significant management time. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and
continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could impair our ability to compete in the marketplace. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
     We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our inventions, patents or other intellectual property or the patents of our licensors,
which could be expensive and time consuming.      Competitors may infringe our intellectual property, including our patents or the
patents of our licensors. In addition, one or more of our third-party collaborators may have submitted, or may in the future submit, a patent application to the USPTO without naming a lawful inventor that developed the subject matter in whole or in
part while under an obligation to execute an assignment of rights to us. As a result, we may be required to file infringement or inventorship claims to stop third-party infringement, unauthorized use, or to correct inventorship. This can be
expensive, particularly for a company of our size, and time-consuming. Any claims that we assert against perceived infringers could also provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against us alleging that we infringe their intellectual property
rights. In addition, in an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent of ours is not valid or is unenforceable, or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patent claims do not
cover its technology or that the factors necessary to grant an injunction against an infringer are not satisfied.    An adverse
determination of any litigation or other proceedings could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated, held unenforceable or interpreted narrowly and could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing.  
 Interference, derivation or other proceedings brought at the USPTO or any foreign patent authority may be necessary to determine the priority
or patentability of inventions with respect to our patent applications or those of our licensors or collaborators. Litigation or USPTO proceedings brought by us may fail. An unfavorable outcome in any such proceedings could require us to cease using
the related technology or to attempt to license rights to it from the prevailing party, or could cause us to lose valuable intellectual property rights. Our business could be harmed if the prevailing party does not offer us a license on commercially
reasonable terms, if any license is offered at all. Even if we are successful, domestic or foreign litigation or USPTO or foreign patent office proceedings may result in substantial costs and distraction to our management. We may not be able, alone
or with our licensors or collaborators, to prevent misappropriation of our trade secrets, confidential information or proprietary rights, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect such rights as fully as in the United States.
   Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation or other
proceedings, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation or proceedings. In addition, during the course of this kind of litigation or proceedings, there could be public
announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments or public access to related documents. If investors perceive these results to be negative, the market price for our common stock could be significantly
harmed.      We may not be able to globally protect our intellectual property rights.    
 Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our
intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States can be less extensive than those in the United States. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as
federal and state laws in the United States and in some cases may even force us to grant a compulsory license to competitors or other third parties. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all
countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent
protection to develop their own products and further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our
products and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing.  
      41  

Table of Contents  

  Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual
property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to
biopharmaceuticals, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing products in violation of our proprietary rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions
could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing and could
provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual
property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license.  
 In addition, our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights may be adversely affected by unforeseen changes in domestic
and foreign intellectual property laws.      Obtaining and maintaining patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document
submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements.    
 Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees and various other governmental fees on patents and/or applications will be due to be paid
to the USPTO and various governmental patent agencies outside of the United States in several stages over the lifetime of the patents and/or applications. The USPTO and various non-U.S. governmental patent agencies require compliance with a
number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. In many cases, an inadvertent lapse can be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules.
However, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, our competitors might
be able to use our technologies and this circumstance would have a material adverse effect on our business.      We may be subject to claims that our
employees or consultants have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of former or other employers.      Many of our
employees and consultants, including our senior management, have been employed or retained by other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although we try to ensure that our employees and
consultants do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or these employees or consultants have used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other
proprietary information, of any such employee s or consultant s former or other employer. We are not aware of any material threatened or pending claims related to these matters, but in the future litigation may be necessary to defend
against such claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result
in substantial costs and be a distraction to management.     Risks Related to Government Regulation   
   The approval processes of the FDA, EMA, and comparable foreign authorities are lengthy, time consuming and inherently unpredictable, and if we and our
collaborators are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, our business will be substantially harmed.    
 The research, development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, packaging, approval, promotion, advertising, storage, marketing, distribution,
post-approval monitoring and reporting, and export and import of drug and biologic products are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory authorities in the United States, by the EMA and EEA Competent Authorities in the
EEA, and by other regulatory authorities in other countries, which regulations differ from country to country. Neither we nor any collaboration partner is permitted to market PF582, PF708 or any future product candidates in the United States until
approval from the FDA is received, or in the EEA until we receive EU Commission or EEA Competent Authority approvals. The time required to obtain approval from regulatory authorities is unpredictable, typically takes many years following the
commencement of clinical trials, and depends upon numerous factors, including the substantial discretion of such regulatory authorities. In addition, approval policies, regulations, or the type and amount of clinical data necessary to gain approval
may change during the course of a product candidate s clinical development and may vary among jurisdictions, which may cause delays in the approval or the decision not to approve an application. We and our collaboration partners have not
submitted any market application to regulatory authorities or obtained regulatory approval for any product candidate and it is possible that none of our existing product candidates or any product candidates we may seek to develop in the future will
ever obtain regulatory approval.  
      42  

Table of Contents  

  Applications for our product candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval for many
reasons, including but not limited to the following:      

the data collected from clinical studies of our product candidates may not be sufficient to support the submission of an abbreviated new drug application, or ANDA, a biologics license application, or BLA, a biosimilar
product application under the 351(k) pathway of the PHSA, a biosimilar marketing authorization under Article 6 of Regulation (EC) No. 726/2004 and/or Article 10(4) of Directive 2001/83/EC in the EEA, or other submission or to obtain regulatory
approval in the United States, the EEA, or elsewhere;        

regulatory authorities may disagree with the design or implementation of our clinical trials and may, at any time, determine that the regulatory pathway that we have committed to for PF582, PF708 or any future product
candidate is inappropriate;        

the population studied in the clinical program may not be sufficiently broad or representative to assure efficacy and safety in the full population for which we seek approval;    

regulatory authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials;        

we may be unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of regulatory authorities that a product candidate s risk-benefit ratio for its proposed indication is acceptable;    

regulatory authorities may fail to approve the manufacturing processes, test procedures and specifications, or facilities of third-party manufacturers with whom we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; and

the approval policies or regulations of regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner that renders our clinical data insufficient for approval.    
 This lengthy approval process as well as the unpredictability of future clinical trial results may result in our failing to seek or obtain
regulatory approval to market PF582, PF708 or any other product candidates, which would significantly harm our business, results of operations and prospects. Moreover, any delays in the commencement or completion of clinical testing could
significantly impact our product development costs and could result in the need for additional financing.    In addition, even if we or our
collaborators were to obtain approval, regulatory authorities may approve any of our product candidates for fewer or more limited indications than requested, may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly post- marketing clinical trials,
or may approve a product candidate with a label that does not include the labeling claims necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of that product candidate. Any of the foregoing scenarios could materially harm the commercial
prospects for our product candidates.      If we or our collaborators fail to obtain approval for our two most advanced product candidates or if our two
most advanced product candidates are not commercially successful, we may have to curtail our product development programs and our business would be materially harmed.    
 We have invested a significant portion of our time, financial resources and efforts in the development of our two most advanced product
candidates, PF582 and PF708. The clinical and commercial success of our product candidates will depend on a number of factors, including the following:      

timely and successful completion of all necessary clinical trials and our immunogenicity/pharmacokinetic study in subjects with osteoporosis for PF708, which may be significantly slower or cost more than we currently
anticipate and will depend substantially upon the accurate and satisfactory performance of third-party contractors, including our collaborators;        

our ability to find a suitable collaboration partner to develop PF582 or our ability to obtain substantial additional sources of funding to develop PF582 as currently contemplated;    

timely receipt of necessary marketing approvals from the FDA, the EU Commission, and similar foreign regulatory authorities;        

maintaining an acceptable safety and adverse event profile of our products following approval;        

achieving and maintaining compliance with all regulatory requirements applicable to our product candidates or any approved products;    

making arrangements with third-party manufacturers for, or establishing, commercial manufacturing capabilities;        

launching commercial sales of our products, if and when approved, whether alone or in collaboration with others;        

obtaining and maintaining patent and trade secret protection and regulatory exclusivity, where available, for our product candidates;    

the availability, perceived advantages, relative cost, relative safety and relative efficacy of alternative and competing treatments;    
      43  

Table of Contents  

acceptance of our products, if and when approved, by patients, the medical community and third-party payors; and        

the ability to raise additional capital on acceptable terms to achieve our goals.      If we and
our collaboration partners are unable to seek and obtain regulatory approval for any of our product candidates in a timely manner or at all, we may never realize revenue from these products and we may have to curtail our other product development
programs. As a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially harmed.      Our ability to market our products
in the United States may be significantly delayed or prevented by the BPCIA patent dispute resolution mechanism.      The Biologics
Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009, Title VII, Subtitle A of the Patent Protection and Affordable Care Act, Pub.L.No.111-148, 124 Stat.119, Sections 7001-02 signed into law March 23, 2010, and codified in 42 U.S.C.  262, or the
BPCIA, created an elaborate and complex patent dispute resolution mechanism for biosimilars that could prevent us from launching our product candidates in the United States or could substantially delay such launches. The BPCIA mechanism required for
351(k) biosimilar applicants may pose greater risk as compared to the litigation risk to which we might be exposed under a traditional 351(a) BLA regulatory pathway.  
 The BPCIA sets forth patent disclosure and briefing that are demanding and time-sensitive. The following is an overview of the patent exchange
and patent briefing procedures set forth in the BPCIA:      

Disclosure of the Biosimilar Application. Within 20 days after the FDA publishes a notice that its application has been accepted for review, a 351(k) biosimilar applicant must provide a copy of its application to the
originator.        

Identification of Pertinent Patents. Within 60 days of the date of receipt of the application the originator must identify patents owned or controlled by the originator which it believes could be asserted against the
biosimilar applicant.        

Statement by the Biosimilar Applicant. Following the receipt of the originator s patent list, the biosimilar applicant must state either that it will not market its product until the relevant patents have expired
or alternatively provide its arguments that the patents are invalid, unenforceable or would not be infringed by the proposed biosimilar product candidate. The biosimilar applicant may also provide the originator with a list of patents it believes
the brand-name firm could assert against the reference product.        

Statement by the Originator. In the event the biosimilar applicant has asserted that the patents are invalid, unenforceable or would not be infringed by the proposed follow-on product, the originator must provide the
biosimilar applicant with a response within 60 days. The response must provide the legal and factual basis of the opinion that such patent will be infringed by the commercial marketing of the proposed biosimilar.    

Patent Resolution Negotiations. If the originator provides its detailed views that the proposed biosimilar would infringe valid and enforceable patents, then the parties are required to engage in good faith negotiations
to identify which of the discussed patents will be the subject of a patent infringement action. If the parties agree on the patents to be litigated, the brand-name firm must bring an action for patent infringement within 30 days.    

Simultaneous Exchange of Patents. If those negotiations do not result in an agreement within 15 days, then the biosimilar applicant must notify the originator of how many patents (but not the identity of those patents)
that it wishes to litigate. Within five days, the parties are then required to exchange lists identifying the patents to be litigated. The number of patents identified by the originator may not exceed the number provided by the biosimilar applicant.
However, if the biosimilar applicant previously indicated that no patents should be litigated, then the originator may identify one patent.        

Commencement of Patent Litigation. The originator must then commence patent infringement litigation within 30 days. That litigation will involve all of the patents on the originator s list and all of the patents on
the follow-on applicant s list. The follow-on applicant must then notify the FDA of the litigation. The FDA must then publish a notice of the litigation in the Federal Register.    

Notice of Commercial Marketing. The BPCIA requires the biosimilar applicant to provide notice to the originator 180 days in advance of its first commercial marketing of its proposed follow-on biologic. The originator is
allowed to seek a preliminary injunction blocking such marketing based upon any patents that either party had preliminarily identified, but were not subject to the initial phase of patent litigation. The litigants are required to  reasonably
cooperate to expedite such further discovery as is needed  with respect to the preliminary injunction motion.    
 Biosimilar companies such as ours have the option of applying for U.S. regulatory approval for our products under either a traditional 351(a)
BLA approval route, or under the recently enacted streamlined 351(k) approval route established by the BPCIA. The factors underpinning such a decision are extremely complex and involve, among other things, balancing legal risk (in terms of, e.g.,
the degree and timing of exposure to potential patent litigation by the originator) versus regulatory risks (in terms of, e.g., the development costs and the differing scope of regulatory approval that may be afforded under 351(a) versus 351(k)).
 
      44  

Table of Contents  

  A significant legal risk in pursuing regulatory approval under the 351(k) regulatory approval
route is that the above-summarized patent exchange process established by the BPCIA could result in the initiation of patent infringement litigation prior to FDA approval of a 351(k) application, and such litigation could result in blocking the
market entry of our products. In particular, while the 351(k) route is more attractive to us (versus 351(a)) for reasons related to development time and costs and the potential broader scope of eventual regulatory approval for our proposed
biosimilar candidates, the countervailing risk in such a regulatory choice is that the complex patent exchange process mandated by the BPCIA could ultimately prevent or substantially delay us from launching our products in the United States.  
 Moreover, the disclosure process set forth in Step 1 of the process outlined above, which is directed to disclosure by the biosimilar
applicant of not only its regulatory application but also the applicant s manufacturing process, has the potential to afford originators an easier path than traditional infringement litigation for developing any factual grounds they may require
to support allegations of infringement. The rules established in the BPCIA s patent dispute procedures (versus the rules governing traditional patent infringement litigation) place biosimilar firms at a significant disadvantage by affording
originators a much easier mechanism for factual discovery, thereby increasing the risk that a biosimilar product could be blocked from the market more quickly than under traditional patent infringement litigation processes.  
 Preparing for and conducting the patent exchange, briefing and negotiation process outlined above will require extraordinarily sophisticated
legal counseling and extensive planning, all under extremely tight deadlines. Moreover, it may be difficult for us to secure such legal support if large, well-funded originators have already entered into engagements with highly qualified law firms
or if the most highly qualified law firms choose not to represent biosimilar applicants due to their long standing relationships with originators. Furthermore, we could be at a serious disadvantage in this process as an originator company, as
competitors may be able to apply substantially greater legal and financial resources to this process than we could.    We are aware that
some biosimilar companies, namely Sandoz International GmbH, or Sandoz, a subsidiary of Novartis AG, and Celltrion, Inc. have engaged in legal challenges against originators to establish their right to bring declaratory judgment actions against such
originators outside the complex framework of the BPCIA patent exchange rules in order to challenge the validity of the originators  patents  prior  to the filing of any biosimilar regulatory application. For example, in the Sandoz case
against the originator Amgen (relating to Sandoz  proposed etanercept (Enbrel) biosimilar) the federal district court ruled that Sandoz did not have the right to bring a declaratory judgment action against Amgen to challenge the validity of
certain Amgen-controlled patents directed to Enbrel, but instead determined that Sandoz must use the patent exchange mechanism established in the BPCIA. Sandoz appealed this decision to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal
Circuit, and on December 5, 2014 the Federal Circuit Court ruled that Sandoz had not met the legal requirements to pursue a declaratory judgment action against Amgen. The Federal Circuit court did not address whether the patent resolution
mechanism established in the BPCIA would preclude Sandoz from filing its declaratory judgment action against Amgen if and when it files an FDA application under the BPCIA for its etanercept biosimilar.  
 In October 2014, Amgen filed suit in federal district court against Sandoz alleging that Sandoz unlawfully refused to follow the patent
resolution provisions of the BPCIA in connection with Sandoz  July 2014 regulatory approval application under 351(k) for its Neupogen (filgrastim) biosimilar, Zarxio. Amgen sought declaratory and injunctive relief. In October 2014 Amgen also
filed a Citizen s Petition with the FDA asking that the FDA require biosimilar applicants to comply with the BPCIA by providing to the reference product sponsor a copy of the biosimilar application accepted for review, together with information
that fully describes the manufacture of the proposed biosimilar product, within 20 days after being informed by the FDA that the biosimilar application has been accepted for review. On March 19, 2015, the district court refused Amgen s
request to enjoin Sandoz  launch of Zarxio and ruled that the patent resolution provisions of the BPCIA (summarized in the prior eight bullet points) are optional insofar as it is permissible for a 351(k) applicant to decide not to provide its
BLA and/or manufacturing information to the originator. The court also held that a biosimilar applicant need not wait until it receives BLA approval to provide the 180 prior day notice of commercial marketing set forth in the BPCIA provisions (see
paragraph 8 above), but instead may provide such notice to the originator, if at all, prior to receiving FDA approval. On March 26, 2015, the FDA denied Amgen s Citizen s Petition. On July 21, 2015, a divided panel of the Federal
Circuit issued its first decision interpreting the BPCIA on appeal in the  Amgen  v.  Sandoz  case. The court held that a biosimilar applicant is not required to share its biosimilar application with the reference
product sponsor or follow the patent dispute resolution procedures set forth in the BPCIA. However, the Federal Circuit appellate court also held that the biosimilar applicant must provide 180 days  pre-marketing notice and cannot do so until
after the FDA has  licensed  (approved) the biosimilar product. On February 16, 2016, Sandoz petitioned the United States Supreme Court for certiorari review of this latter holding.  
 If we file a 351(k) regulatory approval application for one or more of our products, we may consider it necessary or advisable to adopt the
strategy of selecting one or more patents of the originator to litigate in the above described BPCIA process (for example in steps 3 and 7, of the process, as outlined above), either to assert our non-infringement of such patents or to challenge
their validity; but we may ultimately not be successful in that strategy and could be prevented from marketing the product in the United States.  
 Under the complex and uncertain rules of the BPCIA patent provisions, coupled with the inherent uncertainty surrounding the legal
interpretation of any originator patents that might be asserted against us in this new process, we see substantial risk that the BPCIA process may significantly delay or defeat our ability to market our products in the United States.  
      45  

Table of Contents  

    Our ability to market our therapeutic equivalent products in the United States may be significantly delayed
or prevented by the Hatch-Waxman patent dispute resolution mechanism, including a potential automatic 30 month stay of regulatory approval of our marketing applications.    
  The Hatch-Waxman Act.  The provisions of Section 505(b)(2) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FFDCA, were created, in
part, to help avoid unnecessary duplication of studies already performed on a previously approved ( reference  or  listed ) drug; the section gives the FDA express permission to rely on data not developed by the New Drug
Application, or NDA, applicant. Indeed, an NDA filed under Section 505(b)(2) is one for which one or more of the investigations relied upon by the applicant for approval were not conducted by or for the applicant and for which the applicant has
not obtained a right of reference or use from the person by or for whom the investigations were conducted. We are pursuing a Section 505(b)(2) regulatory strategy for our PF708 product candidate and we plan to reference the Forteo
(teriparatide) listed drug which is marketed by Eli Lilly for the treatment of osteoporosis. It is possible that for one reason or another, we will not be able to establish that our PF708 product candidate is suitable for approval under the
Section 505(b)(2) framework. In addition, to the extent we rely on certain data and information that was submitted to the FDA related to the safety of Forteo, the FDA may likely require any approved labeling for PF708 to include certain safety
information that is included in the Forteo label, including contraindications, warnings, precautions and other safety information.    The
owner of an NDA for a branded drug product may list with the FDA certain patents whose claims allegedly cover the applicant s branded product. Each of the patents listed in the application for the drug is then published in the Orange Book. Any
applicant who files a 505(b)(2) NDA referencing a drug listed in the Orange Book must certify to the FDA that: (1) no patent information on the drug product that is the subject of the application has been submitted to the FDA, referred to as a
Paragraph I Certification; (2) such patent has expired, referred to as a Paragraph II Certification; (3) the date on which such patent expires, referred to as a Paragraph III Certification; or (4) such patent is invalid
or will not be infringed upon by the manufacture, use or sale of the drug product for which the application is submitted, referred to as a Paragraph IV Certification.  
 The applicant may also elect to submit a  section viii  statement certifying that its proposed label does not contain, or carves
out, any language regarding the patented method-of-use rather than certify to a listed method-of-use patent. An applicant submitting a Paragraph IV Certification must provide notice to each owner of the patent that is the subject of the
certification and to the holder of the approved branded drug to which the 505(b)(2) application references. If the reference branded drug holder and patent owners file a lawsuit directed to one of the Orange Book listed patents within 45 days
of the receipt of the Paragraph IV Certification notice, the FDA is prohibited from approving the 505(b)(2) application until the earlier of 30 months from the receipt of the Paragraph IV Certification, expiration of the patent,
settlement of the lawsuit, or a decision in the infringement case that is favorable to the applicant. In the event we commercially launch our PF708 product candidate at a time when one or more unexpired patents are listed in the Orange Book for a
reference listed drug product, we see substantial risk that the Paragraph IV certification process, including the likelihood of imposition of a 30 month stay and necessity of defending against accusation of patent infringement, may significantly
delay or defeat our ability to competitively market our PF708 product in the United States.     Non-Patent Exclusivity and Approval of
Competing Products . Additionally, a 505(b)(2) application also will not be approved until any applicable non-patent exclusivity listed in the Orange Book for the NDA branded reference drug has expired as described in further detail below. Market
and data exclusivity provisions under the FFDCA can delay the submission or the approval of certain applications for competing products. In addition to patent exclusivity, the holder of the NDA for a reference listed drug may be entitled to a period
of non-patent exclusivity, during which the FDA cannot approve another drug application that relies on the listed drug. For example, a pharmaceutical manufacturer may obtain five years of non-patent exclusivity upon NDA approval of a new chemical
entity, or NCE, which is a drug that contains an active moiety that has not been approved by the FDA in any other NDA. An  active moiety  is defined as the molecule or ion responsible for the drug substance s physiological or
pharmacologic action. During the five year exclusivity period, the FDA cannot accept for filing any application for the same active moiety and that relies on the FDA s findings regarding that drug; the FDA may accept an application for filing
after four years if the 505(b)(2) applicant makes a Paragraph IV Certification. A drug may obtain a three year period of exclusivity for a particular condition of approval, or change to a marketed product, such as a new formulation for a
previously approved product, if one or more new clinical trials, other than bioavailability or bioequivalence studies, was essential to the approval of the application and was conducted or sponsored by the applicant. Should this occur, the FDA would
be precluded from approving any ANDA that references such product until after that three year exclusivity period has run. However, unlike NCE exclusivity, the FDA can accept an application and begin the review process during the entire exclusivity
period.      Clinical drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and results of earlier studies and trials may
not be predictive of future trial results.      Clinical testing is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is
inherently uncertain. Furthermore, we rely on our collaborators, CROs, and clinical trial sites to ensure the proper and timely conduct of our clinical trials for our product candidates. While we have agreements governing the committed activities of
our collaborators and CROs, we have limited influence over their actual performance. A failure of one or more clinical trials can occur at any time during the trial process. The results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials of our product
candidates may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials.  
      46  

Table of Contents  

Product candidates that have shown promising results in early studies may still suffer significant setbacks in subsequent clinical studies. For example, the results generated to date in clinical
trials for PF582 do not ensure that later clinical trials will demonstrate similar results. There is a high failure rate for drugs and biologics proceeding through clinical studies, and product candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail
to show the desired safety and efficacy despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical trials. A number of companies in the biopharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to
lack of efficacy or adverse safety profiles, notwithstanding promising results in earlier clinical trials, and we cannot be certain that we will not face similar setbacks. Even if the clinical trials for our product candidates are completed,
nonclinical and clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses, and the results may not be sufficient to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates.  
 We have in the past and may in the future experience delays in ongoing clinical trials for our product candidates, and we do not know whether
future clinical trials, if any, will begin on time, need to be redesigned, enroll an adequate number of patients on time or be completed on schedule, if at all. The commencement or completion of clinical trials can be delayed or aborted for a
variety of reasons, including delay or failure to:      

generate sufficient preclinical, toxicology, or other in vivo or in vitro data to support the initiation of human clinical studies;        

raise sufficient capital to fund a trial;        

obtain regulatory approval, or feedback on trial design, necessary to commence a trial;        

identify, recruit and train suitable clinical investigators;        

reach agreement on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites;

obtain institutional review board, or IRB, approval at each site;        

identify, recruit, and enroll suitable patients to participate in a trial;        

have patients complete a trial or return for post-treatment follow-up;        

ensure clinical sites observe trial protocol or continue to participate in a trial;        

address any patient safety concerns that arise during the course of a trial;        

address any conflicts with new or existing laws or regulations;        

add a sufficient number of clinical trial sites;        

manufacture sufficient quantities of product candidate for use in clinical trials; and        

avoid delays in manufacturing, testing, releasing, validating, or importing/exporting sufficient stable quantities of our product candidates for use in clinical studies, or the inability to do any of the foregoing.
     Patient enrollment is a significant factor in the completion of clinical trials and is affected by many factors, including
the size and nature of the patient population, the proximity of patients to clinical sites, the eligibility criteria for the trial, the design of the clinical trial, competing clinical trials and clinicians  and patients  perceptions as to
the potential advantages of the drug being studied in relation to other available therapies, including any new drugs or treatments that may be approved for the indications we are investigating.  
 We could also encounter delays if a clinical trial is suspended or terminated by us, by the IRBs of the institutions in which such trials are
being conducted, by the data safety monitoring board, for such trial or by the FDA or other regulatory authorities. Such authorities may suspend or terminate a clinical trial due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the clinical
trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial site by the FDA or other regulatory authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, unforeseen safety issues
or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using a drug, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial.  
 If we or our collaborators experience delays in the completion of, or termination of, any clinical trial of our product candidates, the
commercial prospects of our product candidates may be harmed, and our ability to generate product revenue from any of these product candidates will be delayed. In addition, any delays in completing clinical trials for our product candidates will
increase our costs, slow down our product candidate development and approval process and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenue. Any of these occurrences may significantly harm our business, financial condition and
prospects. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our product candidates.  
      47  

Table of Contents  

    Even if PF582, PF708 or any future product candidates obtain regulatory approval, they may never achieve
market acceptance or commercial success.      Even if we or our collaboration partners obtain FDA or other regulatory approvals, PF582,
PF708 or any future product candidates may not achieve market acceptance among physicians and patients, and may not be commercially successful.  
 The degree and rate of market acceptance of PF582, PF708 or any future product candidates for which we receive approval depends on a number of
factors, including:      

the safety and efficacy of the product as demonstrated in clinical trials;        

the clinical indications for which the product is approved;        

acceptance by physicians, major operators of clinics and patients of the product as a safe and effective treatment;        

proper training and administration of our products by physicians and medical staff;        

the potential and perceived advantages of our products over alternative treatments;        

the cost of treatment in relation to alternative treatments and willingness to pay for our products, if approved, on the part of physicians and patients;    

relative convenience and ease of administration;        

the prevalence and severity of adverse events; and        

the effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts.      Any failure by our product candidates
that obtain regulatory approval to achieve market acceptance or commercial success would materially adversely affect our results of operations and delay, prevent or limit our ability to generate revenue and continue our business.  
   The development, manufacture and commercialization of biosimilar and other therapeutic equivalent products pose unique risks, and our failure to
successfully introduce biosimilar and other therapeutic equivalent products could have a negative impact on our business and future operating results.    
 We are actively working to develop multiple biosimilar and other therapeutic equivalent products, including our two most advanced product
candidates, PF582 and PF708. The cost to develop each biosimilar and therapeutic equivalent product candidate could vary significantly and is highly dependent on the specific compound and the amount and type of clinical work that will be necessary
for regulatory approval. There can be no assurance that our clinical work will be successful, or that regulatory authorities will not require additional clinical development beyond that which we have planned. Additionally, we may enter into
alliances and collaborations to fund biosimilar and therapeutic equivalent product research and development activities, and the success of any such biosimilar or therapeutic equivalent product program may depend on our ability to realize the
benefits under such arrangements. Due to events beyond our control or the risks identified herein, we may be unable to fund all or some of our internal biosimilar and therapeutic equivalent product research and development initiatives, which would
have an adverse impact on our strategy and growth initiatives.    We intend to pursue market authorization globally when commercially
appropriate. The European Union has, since October 2005, had a regulatory framework for the approval of biosimilar products and, as of December 31, 2015, has approved 21 biosimilar medicinal products (two of which were subsequently withdrawn).
In the first quarter of 2016, another biosimilar was approved for Benepali (etanercept). In the United States an abbreviated pathway for approval of biosimilar products was established by the BPCIA, enacted on March 23, 2010, as part of the
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. The BPCIA established this abbreviated pathway under section 351(k) of the Public Health Service Act, or PHSA. Subsequent to the enactment of the BPCIA, the FDA issued draft guidance regarding the
demonstration of biosimilarity as well as the submission and review of biosimilar applications. However, to date, only four biosimilars have been approved by the FDA, and no biosimilar product has been designated as interchangeable to the reference
drug. Moreover, market acceptance of biosimilar products in the U.S. is unclear. Numerous states are considering or have already enacted laws that regulate or restrict the substitution by state pharmacies of biosimilars for biological products
already licensed by the FDA pursuant to BLAs, or  reference products . Market success of biosimilar products will depend on demonstrating to patients, physicians, payors, and relevant authorities that such products are safe and efficacious
compared to other existing products.    We will continue to analyze and incorporate into our biosimilar development plans any final
regulations issued by the FDA, pharmacy substitution policies enacted by state governments, and other applicable requirements established by relevant authorities. The costs of development and approval, along with the probability of success for our
biosimilar product candidates, will be dependent upon application of any laws and regulations issued by the relevant regulatory authorities.  
      48  

Table of Contents  

  Biosimilar products may also be subject to extensive patent clearances and patent infringement
litigation, which will likely delay and could prevent the commercial launch of a product. Moreover, the BPCIA prohibits the FDA from accepting an application for a biosimilar candidate to a reference product within four years of the reference
product s licensure by the FDA. In addition, the BPCIA provides innovative biologics with twelve years of exclusivity from the date of their licensure, during which time the FDA cannot approve any application for a biosimilar candidate to the
reference product. For example, the FDA may not be able to approve any application that we or our collaborators submit for PF582 until twelve years after the original BLA for Lucentis was approved. However, in his proposed budget for fiscal year
2014, President Obama proposed to cut this twelve year period of exclusivity down to seven years. He also proposed to prohibit additional periods of exclusivity due to minor changes in product formulations, a practice often referred to as
 evergreening.  It is possible that Congress may take these or other measures to reduce or eliminate periods of exclusivity.  
 The BPCIA is complex and only beginning to be interpreted and implemented by the FDA. As a result, its ultimate impact, implementation, and
meaning is subject to significant uncertainty. Future implementation decisions by the FDA could result in delays in the development or commercialization of our product candidates or increased costs to assure regulatory compliance, and could
adversely affect our operating results by restricting or significantly delaying our ability to market new biosimilar products. In the EEA, holders of marketing authorizations of reference products (for which a marketing authorization was applied for
under the centralized procedure after November 20, 2005, or under the Decentralized, Mutual Recognition and national procedures, after October 30, 2005) enjoy eight years of data exclusivity during which a follow-on product or biosimilar
marketing authorization applicant cannot rely on the preclinical and clinical data included in the reference product s dossier, and ten years of marketing exclusivity during which a follow-on product or biosimilar of the reference product
cannot be placed in the EEA market. The marketing exclusivity period can be extended one additional year (to eleven years) if a second indication of the reference product with significant clinical benefit is approved during the eight year data
exclusivity period. The data and marketing exclusivity periods start from the date of the initial authorization, which for reference medicinal products authorized through the Centralized Procedure is the date of notification of the marketing
authorization decision to the marketing authorization holder of the reference product. Lucentis was granted a marketing authorization by the EU Commission through the EU centralized procedure on January 22, 2007.  
   We may rely on the Animal Rule in conducting trials, which could be time consuming and expensive.    
 To obtain FDA approval for our vaccine candidate Px563L, we may obtain clinical data from trials in healthy human subjects that demonstrate
adequate safety, and efficacy data from adequate and well-controlled animal studies under regulations issued by the FDA in 2002, often referred to as the  Animal Rule.  Among other requirements, the animal studies must establish that the
drug or biological product is reasonably likely to produce clinical benefits in humans. If we use this approach we may not be able to sufficiently demonstrate this correlation to the satisfaction of the FDA, as these corollaries are difficult to
establish and are often unclear. Because the FDA must agree that data derived from animal studies may be extrapolated to establish safety and effectiveness in humans, seeking approval under the Animal Rule may add significant time, complexity and
uncertainty to the testing and approval process. The FDA may decide that our data are insufficient for approval and require additional preclinical, clinical or other studies, refuse to approve Px563L, or place restrictions on our ability to
commercialize the products. In addition, products approved under the Animal Rule are subject to additional requirements including post-marketing study requirements, restrictions imposed on marketing or distribution or requirements to provide
information to patients. Further, regulatory authorities in other countries have not, at this time, established an  Animal Rule  equivalent, and consequently there can be no assurance that we will be able to make a submission for marketing
approval in foreign countries based on such animal data.    Additionally, few facilities in the U.S. and internationally may have the
capability to test animals involving exposure to anthrax or otherwise assist us in qualifying the requisite animal models, and we must compete with other companies for access to this limited pool of highly specialized resources. We therefore may not
be able to secure contracts to conduct the testing in a predictable timeframe or at all.      If we and our collaboration partners are not able to
demonstrate biosimilarity of our biosimilar product candidates to the satisfaction of regulatory authorities, we will not obtain regulatory approval for commercial sale of our biosimilar product candidates and our future results of operations would
be adversely affected.      Our future results of operations depend, to a significant degree, on our and our collaboration
partners  ability to obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize our proposed biosimilar products. To obtain regulatory approval for the commercial sale of these product candidates, we will be required to demonstrate to the satisfaction of
regulatory authorities, among other things, that our proposed biosimilar products are highly similar to biological products already licensed by the FDA pursuant to Biologic License Applications, or BLAs, notwithstanding minor differences in
clinically inactive components, and that they have no clinically meaningful differences as compared to the marketed biological products in terms of the safety, purity and potency of the products. In the EEA, the similar nature of a biosimilar and a
reference product is demonstrated by comprehensive comparability studies covering quality, biological activity, safety and efficacy. For example, a determination of biosimilarity for PF582 will be based on our demonstration of its high similarity to
Lucentis.  
      49  

Table of Contents  

  In addition, the FDA may determine that a proposed biosimilar product is
 interchangeable  with a reference product, meaning that the biosimilar product may be substituted by a pharmacist for the reference product without the intervention of the health care provider who prescribed the reference product, if the
application includes sufficient information to show that the product is biosimilar to the reference product and that it can be expected to produce the same clinical result as the reference product in any given patient. If the biosimilar product may
be administered more than once to a patient, the applicant must demonstrate that the risk in terms of safety or diminished efficacy of alternating or switching between the biosimilar and reference product is not greater than the risk of using the
reference product without such alternation or switch. To make a final determination of biosimilarity or interchangeability, regulatory authorities may require additional confirmatory information beyond what we and our collaboration partners plan to
initially submit in our applications for approval, such as more in-depth analytical characterization, animal testing, or further clinical studies. Provision of sufficient information for approval may prove difficult and expensive. We cannot predict
whether any of our biosimilar product candidates will meet regulatory authority requirements for approval as a biosimilar or interchangeable product. To date, the FDA has not approved a biosimilar product as being interchangeable to the reference
drug.    In the event that regulatory authorities require us to conduct additional clinical trials or other lengthy processes, the
commercialization of our proposed biosimilar products could be delayed or prevented. Delays in the commercialization of, or the inability to obtain regulatory approval for, these products could adversely affect our operating results by restricting
or significantly delaying our introduction of new biosimilars.      If other biosimilars of Lucentis or other therapeutic equivalent products to Forteo
are approved and successfully commercialized before PF582 or PF708, our business would suffer.      Other companies may seek approval
to manufacture and market biosimilar versions of Lucentis or therapeutic equivalent product versions of Forteo. If other biosimilars of Lucentis or therapeutic equivalent product versions of Forteo, are approved and successfully commercialized
before PF582 or PF708, we may never achieve significant market share for PF582 or PF708, our revenue would be reduced and, as a result, our business, prospects and financial condition could suffer. In addition, the first biosimilar determined to be
interchangeable with a particular reference product for any condition of use is eligible for a period of market exclusivity that delays an FDA determination that a second or subsequent biosimilar product is interchangeable with that reference
product for any condition of use until the earlier of: (1) one year after the first commercial marketing of the first interchangeable product; (2) 18 months after resolution of a patent infringement suit instituted under 42 U.S.C.
  262(l)(6) against the applicant that submitted the application for the first interchangeable product, based on a final court decision regarding all of the patents in the litigation or dismissal of the litigation with or without prejudice;
(3) 42 months after approval of the first interchangeable product, if a patent infringement suit instituted under 42 U.S.C.   262(l)(6) against the applicant that submitted the application for the first interchangeable product is still
ongoing; or (4) 18 months after approval of the first interchangeable product if the applicant that submitted the application for the first interchangeable product has not been sued under 42 U.S.C.   262(l)(6). A determination that
another company s product is interchangeable with Lucentis prior to approval of PF582 may therefore delay the potential determination that PF582 is interchangeable with the reference product, which may materially adversely affect our results of
operations and delay, prevent or limit our ability to generate revenue.      Failure to obtain regulatory approval in each regulatory jurisdiction would
prevent us and our collaboration partners from marketing our products to a larger patient population and reduce our commercial opportunities.    
 In order to market our products in the European Union, the United States and other jurisdictions, we or our collaboration partners must obtain
separate regulatory approvals and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements. The European Medicines Agency is responsible for the centralized procedure for human medicines. This procedure results in a single marketing authorization
that is valid in all European Union countries, as well as in Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. The time required to obtain approval abroad may differ from that required to obtain FDA approval. The foreign regulatory approval process may include all
of the risks associated with obtaining FDA approval and we may not obtain foreign regulatory approvals on a timely basis, if at all. Approval by the FDA does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries, and approval by one
foreign regulatory authority does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other foreign countries or by the FDA. We may not be able to file for regulatory approvals and may not receive necessary approvals to commercialize our products
within the United States or in any market outside the United States. Failure to obtain these approvals would materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
   Even if we and our collaboration partners obtain regulatory approvals for our product candidates, we will be subject to ongoing regulatory review.
     Even if we and our collaboration partners obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, any products we develop will be
subject to ongoing regulatory review with respect to manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, advertising, promotion, sampling, record-keeping, conduct of post-marketing studies, and submission of safety, efficacy, and other post-market
information, including both federal and state requirements in the United States and requirements of comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Manufacturers  
      50  

Table of Contents  

and manufacturers  facilities are required to comply with extensive FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authority requirements, including ensuring that quality control and manufacturing
procedures conform to cGMP. As such, we and our contract manufacturers will be subject to continual and unannounced review and inspections by the regulatory authorities governing the markets in which we wish to sell our products. Accordingly, we and
others with whom we work must continue to expend time, money, and effort in all areas of regulatory compliance, including manufacturing, production, and quality control.  
 Any regulatory approvals that we and our collaboration partners receive for our product candidates may be subject to limitations on the
approved indicated uses for which the product may be marketed or to the conditions of approval, or contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing testing, including Phase 4 trials, and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy or
the safety, purity, and potency of the product candidate. We will be required to immediately report any serious and unexpected adverse events and certain quality or production problems with our products to regulatory authorities along with other
periodic reports. Any new legislation addressing drug or biologic product safety issues could result in delays in product development or commercialization, or increased costs to assure compliance. We and our collaboration partners will have to
comply with requirements concerning advertising and promotion for our products. Promotional communications with respect to prescription drug and biologic products are subject to a variety of legal and regulatory restrictions and must be consistent
with the information in the product s approved label. As such, we will not be allowed to promote our products for indications or uses for which they do not have approval. The holder of an approved NDA, BLA, 351(k) application or marketing
authorization application, or MAA, must submit new or supplemental applications and obtain prior approval for certain changes to the approved product, product labeling, or manufacturing process. We could also be asked to conduct post-marketing
clinical studies to verify the safety and efficacy of our products in general or in specific patient subsets. An unsuccessful post-marketing study or failure to complete such a study could result in the withdrawal of marketing approval.  
 If a regulatory agency discovers previously unknown problems with a product, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or
problems with the facility where the product is manufactured or disagrees with the promotion, marketing or labeling of a product, or if we or our collaboration partners fail to comply with applicable continuing regulatory requirements, such
regulatory agency may impose restrictions on that product or us, including requiring withdrawal of the product from the market. If we or our collaboration partners fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, a regulatory agency or
enforcement authority may subject us to administrative or judicially imposed sanctions or other actions, including, among other things:      

adverse publicity, fines or warning letters;        

civil or criminal penalties;        

injunctions;        

suspending or withdrawing regulatory approval;        

suspending any of our ongoing clinical studies;        

refusing to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications submitted by us;        

imposing restrictions on our operations, including closing our contract manufacturers  facilities; or        

seizing or detaining products, or requiring a product recall.      Any government investigation of
alleged violations of law could require us to expend significant time and resources in response, and could generate negative publicity. Any failure to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements may significantly and adversely affect our ability to
commercialize and generate revenue from our products. If regulatory sanctions are applied or if regulatory approval is withdrawn, the value of our company and our operating results will be adversely affected.  
   We will also be subject to various health care fraud and abuse laws, including anti-kickback, false claims and fraud laws, and physician payment
transparency laws, and any violations by us of such laws could result in fines or other penalties.      Although we currently do not
have any products on the market, if our product candidates are approved and we begin commercialization, we will be subject to healthcare regulation and enforcement by the federal government and the states and EEA and other foreign governments in
which we conduct our business. These laws include, without limitation, state and federal, as well as EEA and other foreign, anti-kickback, fraud and abuse, false claims, privacy and security and physician sunshine laws and regulations. The federal
anti-kickback statute prohibits the offer, receipt, or payment of remuneration in exchange for or to induce the referral of patients or the use of products or services that would be paid for in whole or part by Medicare, Medicaid or other federal
health care programs. Remuneration has been broadly defined to include anything of value, including cash, improper discounts, and free or reduced price items and services. The government has enforced the Anti-Kickback Statute to reach large
settlements with healthcare companies based on sham research or consulting and other financial arrangements with physicians. Further, the Affordable Care Act, among other things, amended the intent requirement of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute
and certain criminal statutes governing healthcare fraud. A person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it. In addition, the Affordable Care Act provided that the government may assert that
a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of  
      51  

Table of Contents  

the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the FCA or federal civil money penalties statute. Many states have similar laws that apply to their state
health care programs as well as private payors. Violations of the anti-kickback laws can result in exclusion from federal health care programs and substantial civil and criminal penalties. The FCA imposes liability on persons who, among other
things, present or cause to be presented false or fraudulent claims for payment by a federal health care program. The FCA has been used to prosecute persons submitting claims for payment that are inaccurate or fraudulent, that are for services not
provided as claimed, or for services that are not medically necessary. Actions under the FCA may be brought by the Attorney General or as a qui tam action by a private individual in the name of the government. Violations of the FCA can result in
significant monetary penalties and treble damages. The federal government is using the FCA, and the accompanying threat of significant liability, in its investigation and prosecution of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies throughout the
country, for example, in connection with the promotion of products for unapproved uses and other sales and marketing practices. The government has obtained multi-million and multi-billion dollar settlements under the FCA in addition to individual
criminal convictions under applicable criminal statutes. In addition, companies have been forced to implement extensive corrective action plans, and have often become subject to consent decrees or corporate integrity agreements, severely restricting
the manner in which they conduct their business. Given the significant size of actual and potential settlements, it is expected that the government will continue to devote substantial resources to investigating healthcare providers  and
manufacturers  compliance with applicable fraud and abuse laws. If our future marketing or other arrangements were determined to violate anti-kickback or related laws, including the FCA, then our revenue could be adversely affected, which would
likely harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations.    In addition, there has been a recent trend of increased federal
and state regulation of payments made to physicians and other healthcare providers. The Affordable Care Act, among other things, imposed new reporting requirements on drug commercial manufacturers for payments and other transfers of value made by
them to physicians and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. Failure to submit required information may result in civil monetary penalties of up to an aggregate of
$150,000 per year (or up to an aggregate of $1 million per year for  knowing failures ), for all payments, transfers of value or ownership or investment interests that are not timely, accurately and completely reported in an annual
submission. Drug manufacturers must submit reports by the 90th day of each calendar year. Certain states also mandate implementation of commercial compliance programs, impose restrictions on device manufacturer marketing practices and/or
require the tracking and reporting of gifts, compensation and other remuneration to physicians.    The shifting commercial compliance
environment and the need to build and maintain robust and expandable systems to comply with different compliance and/or reporting requirements in multiple jurisdictions increase the possibility that a healthcare company may violate one or more of
the requirements. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of such laws or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including, without limitation, civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines,
the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare programs and imprisonment, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results.  
 Also, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries
from making improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We cannot assure investors that our internal control policies and procedures will protect us from reckless or negligent acts committed by our
employees, future distributors, partners, collaborators or agents. Violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could result in fines, penalties or prosecution and have a negative impact on our business, results of operations and
reputation.      Legislative or regulatory healthcare reforms in the United States may make it more difficult and costly for us to obtain regulatory
approval of PF582, PF708 or any future product candidates and to produce, market, and distribute our products after approval is obtained, if any.    
 From time to time, legislation is drafted and introduced in Congress that could significantly change the statutory provisions governing the
regulatory approval, manufacturing, and marketing of regulated products or the reimbursement thereof. In addition, FDA regulations and guidance may be revised or reinterpreted by the FDA in ways that may significantly affect our business and our
products. Any new regulations or guidance, or revisions or reinterpretations of existing regulations or guidance, may impose additional costs or lengthen FDA review times for PF582, PF708 or any future product candidates. We cannot determine how
changes in regulations, statutes, policies, or interpretations when and if issued, enacted or adopted, may affect our business in the future. Such changes could, among other things, require:  

changes to manufacturing methods;        

recalls, replacements, or discontinuance of one or more of our products; and        

additional recordkeeping.      Such changes would likely require substantial time and impose
significant costs, and could materially harm our business and our financial results. In addition, delays in receipt of or failure to receive regulatory clearances or approvals for any future products would harm our business, financial condition, and
results of operations.  
      52  

Table of Contents  

    If efforts by manufacturers of reference products to delay or limit the use of biosimilars and therapeutic
equivalent products are successful, our sales of biosimilar and other therapeutic equivalent products may suffer.      Many
manufacturers of reference products have increasingly used legislative, regulatory and other means in attempts to delay regulatory approval of and competition from biosimilars and therapeutic equivalent products. These efforts have included
sponsoring legislation to prevent pharmacists from substituting biosimilars and therapeutic equivalent products for prescribed reference products or to make such substitutions more difficult by establishing notification, recordkeeping, and/or other
requirements, as well as seeking to prevent manufacturers of biosimilars and therapeutic equivalent products from referencing the branded products in biosimilar and therapeutic equivalent product labels and marketing materials. If these or other
efforts to delay or block competition are successful, we may be unable to sell our biosimilar and therapeutic equivalent product candidates, which could have a material adverse effect on our sales and profitability.  
   Our and our collaboration partners  future sales will be dependent on the availability and level of coverage and reimbursement from third-party
payors who continue to implement cost-cutting measures and more stringent reimbursement standards.      In the United States and
internationally, our and our collaboration partners  ability to generate revenue on future sales of our products will be dependent, in significant part, on the availability and level of coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors, such
as state and federal governments and private insurance plans. Insurers have implemented cost-cutting measures and other initiatives to enforce more stringent reimbursement standards and likely will continue to do so in the future. These measures
include the establishment of more restrictive formularies and increases in the out-of-pocket obligations of patients for such products. In addition, particularly in the U.S. and increasingly in other countries, we will be required to provide
discounts and pay rebates to state and federal governments and agencies in connection with purchases of our products that are reimbursed by such entities.  
 In addition, in the United States, the full impact of recent healthcare reform and other changes in the healthcare industry and in healthcare
spending is currently unknown. In March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, collectively referred to as the Affordable Care Act, was enacted with a goal of reducing
the cost of healthcare and substantially changing the way healthcare is financed by both government and private insurers. The Affordable Care Act, among other things, subjected biologic products to potential competition by lower-cost biosimilars and
follow-on products, addressed a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected, increased the minimum Medicaid
rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and extended the rebate program to individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations, established annual fees and taxes on manufacturers of certain prescription drugs,
and created a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must agree to offer 50% point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable reference product drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap
period as a condition for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D.    Other legislative changes have
been proposed and adopted in the U.S. since the Affordable Care Act was enacted. On August 2, 2011, the Budget Control Act of 2011 created measures for spending reductions by Congress. A Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction, tasked with
recommending a targeted deficit reduction of at least $1.2 trillion for the years 2013 through 2021, was unable to reach required goals, thereby triggering the legislation s automatic reduction to several government programs. This included
aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers of 2% per fiscal year, which went into effect on April 1, 2013 and will stay in effect through 2024 unless additional Congressional action is taken. On January 2, 2013, the
American Tax Payer Relief Act, or ATRA, was signed into law, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several providers, including hospitals. We expect that additional healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future,
any of which could limit the amounts that federal, state and foreign governments will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand for our products, if approved, or additional pricing pressures.  
   Foreign governments tend to impose strict price controls, which may adversely affect our revenue, if any.    
 In some foreign countries, the pricing of prescription pharmaceuticals is subject to governmental control. In these countries, pricing
negotiations with governmental authorities can take considerable time after the receipt of marketing approval for a product. Our existing or future collaboration partners, if any, may elect to reduce the price of our products in order to increase
the likelihood of obtaining reimbursement approvals which could adversely affect our revenues and profits. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval in some countries, we or our collaboration partners may also be required to conduct a clinical
trial that compares the cost-effectiveness of our product candidate to other available therapies. If reimbursement of our products is unavailable or limited in scope or amount, or if pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels, our business could be
adversely affected.  
      53  

Table of Contents  

   Risks Relating to Owning Our Common Stock   
   The market price of our stock may fluctuate significantly, and investors may have difficulty selling their shares.    
 Our stock is currently traded on NYSE MKT, but we can provide no assurance that we will be able to maintain an active trading market on NYSE
MKT or any other exchange in the future. The trading volume of our stock tends to be low relative to our total outstanding shares, and we have several stockholders, including affiliated stockholders, who hold substantial blocks of our stock. As of
September 30, 2016, we had 23,417,774 shares of common stock outstanding, and stockholders holding at least 5% of our stock, individually or with affiliated persons or entities, collectively beneficially owned or controlled approximately 55% of such
shares. Sales of large numbers of shares by any of our large stockholders could adversely affect our trading price, particularly given our relatively small historic trading volumes. If stockholders holding shares of our common stock sell, indicate
an intention to sell, or if it is perceived that they will sell, substantial amounts of their common stock in the public market, the trading price of our common stock could decline.  
 Since shares of our common stock were sold in our initial public offering in July 2014 at a price of $6.00 per share, our stock price has
ranged from $5.28 to $24.41 through September 30, 2016. In addition to the factors discussed in this  Risk Factors  section and elsewhere in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q factors that may cause volatility in our share price include:

actual or anticipated quarterly variation in our results of operations or the results of our competitors;        

announcements by us or our competitors of new commercial products, significant contracts, commercial relationships or capital commitments;    

issuance of new or changed securities analysts  reports or recommendations for our stock;        

developments or disputes concerning our intellectual property or other proprietary rights;        

commencement of, or our involvement in, litigation;        

market conditions in the relevant market;        

reimbursement or legislative changes in the relevant market;        

failure to complete significant sales;        

regulatory developments that may impact our product candidates;        

any future sales of our common stock or other securities;        

any major change to the composition of our board of directors or management; and        

general economic conditions and slow or negative growth of our markets.      The stock market in
general and market prices for the securities of biopharmaceutical companies like ours in particular, have from time to time experienced volatility that often has been unrelated to the operating performance of the underlying companies. These broad
market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance.      We may be
subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention.      The market price of our common stock
has been and will likely continue to be volatile, and in the past companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation
in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business.  
   If securities or industry analysts publish unfavorable research about our business or cease to cover our business, our stock price and/or trading volume
could decline.      The trading market for our common stock may rely, in part, on the research and reports that equity research
analysts publish about us and our business. We do not have any control of the analysts or the content and opinions included in their reports. The price of our stock could decline if one or more equity research analysts downgrade our stock or issue
other unfavorable commentary or research. If one or more equity research analysts cease coverage of our company or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our stock could decrease, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading
volume to decline.  
      54  

Table of Contents  

    If we sell shares of our common stock in future financings, stockholders may experience immediate dilution
and, as a result, the market price of our common stock may decline.      We may from time to time issue additional shares of common
stock at a discount from the current trading price of our common stock. As a result, our stockholders would experience immediate dilution upon the purchase of any shares of our common stock sold at such discount. In addition, as opportunities
present themselves, we may enter into financing or similar arrangements in the future, including the issuance of debt securities, preferred stock or common stock. If we issue common stock or securities convertible into common stock, our common
stockholders would experience additional dilution and, as a result, the market price of our common stock may decline.      Sales of substantial amounts
of our common stock in the public markets, or the perception that such sales might occur, could reduce the price that our common stock might otherwise attain and may dilute your voting power and your ownership interest in us.    
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress
the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We are unable to predict the effect that sales may have on the prevailing market price of our common stock.  
 As of September 30, 2016, one holder of approximately 2.4 million shares, or approximately 10%, of our outstanding shares, has rights, subject
to some conditions, to require us to file registration statements covering the sale of their shares or to include their shares in registration statements or prospectus supplements that we file or have filed for ourselves or other stockholders. We
also register the offer and sale of all shares of common stock that we may issue under our equity compensation plans.    Furthermore,
certain of our executive officers have adopted, and other directors and executive officers may in the future adopt, written plans, known as  Rule 10b5-1 Plans,  under which they have contracted, or may in the future contract, with a broker
to sell shares of our common stock on a periodic basis to diversify their assets and investments. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public markets, including, but not limited to, sales made by our executive officers and
directors pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 Plans, or the perception that these sales could occur, could cause the market price of our common stock to decline.  
   We are an  emerging growth company,  and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies could make our common
stock less attractive to investors.      We are an  emerging growth company,  as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business
Startups, or JOBS, Act enacted in April 2012, and may remain an  emerging growth company  for up to five years following the completion of our initial public offering, although, if we have more than $1.0 billion in annual revenue, if the
market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of December 31 of any year, or we issue more than $1.0 billion of non-convertible debt over a three year period before the end of that five year period, we
would cease to be an  emerging growth company  as of the following December 31. For as long as we remain an  emerging growth company,  we are permitted and intend to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements
that are applicable to other public companies that are not  emerging growth companies.  These exemptions include:      

not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements in the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting;    

not being required to comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing
additional information about the audit and the financial statements;        

reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation; and        

exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.    
 We have taken advantage of reduced reporting burdens in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. In addition,
the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards, delaying the adoption of these accounting standards until they would apply to private
companies. We have elected to avail ourselves of this exemption and, as a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to the financial statements of reporting companies who are required to comply with the effective dates for new or
revised accounting standards that are applicable to public companies. We cannot predict whether investors will find our common stock less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less
attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and the market price of our common stock may be reduced or more volatile.  
      55  

Table of Contents  

    If we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in the future, the accuracy and
timing of our financial reporting may be adversely affected.      In connection with the audit of our financial statements for the year
ended December 31, 2013, we concluded that there were material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a significant deficiency, or a combination of significant deficiencies, in internal control over
financial reporting such that it is reasonably possible that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The material weaknesses that we identified related to (1) a
lack of sufficient staff to deal with the various rules and regulations with respect to financial reporting, review and oversight responsibilities, segregation of duties and effective and timely financial close process; and (2) a lack of
formalized and documented policies and procedures.    In response to these reported material weaknesses, we undertook the following steps in
2014 to remediate those weaknesses: (1) hired outside consultants with technical skills to assist in the documentation and implementation of internal controls and flows procedures, (2) hired qualified personnel, including a chief financial
officer during the second quarter of 2014, (3) hired additional qualified finance staff for certain key positions in the third and fourth quarters of 2014 in order to enhance oversight, review and control over financial reporting, and
(4) established formalized and documented policies and procedures in the fourth quarter of 2014.    No material weaknesses in internal
control over financial reporting were identified in connection with our 2014 or 2015 audits. However, our independent registered public accounting firm did not perform an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting during any period
in accordance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Had our independent registered public accounting firm performed an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
additional control deficiencies amounting to significant deficiencies or material weaknesses may have been identified. We cannot be certain as to when we will be able to implement the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. If we
fail to implement the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner, we might be subject to sanctions or investigation by regulatory agencies such as the SEC. In addition, failure to comply with Section 404 or the report by us of a
significant deficiency or material weakness may cause investors to lose confidence in our financial statements, and the trading price of our common stock may decline. If we fail to remedy any significant deficiency or material weakness, our
financial statements may be inaccurate, our access to the capital markets may be restricted and the trading price of our common stock may decline.  
   Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited.    
 We expect to generate a tax net operating loss for 2016. Our previous tax net operating losses offset the taxable income related to the
Pfizer agreement in 2015. The 2016 net operating loss will carry forward to offset future taxable income, if any, until such unused losses expire. Under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, if a corporation
undergoes an  ownership change,  generally defined as a greater than 50 percentage point change (by value) in its equity ownership by certain stockholders over a three-year period, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net
operating loss carryforwards, or NOLs, and other pre-change tax attributes (such as research tax credits) to offset its post-change income or taxes may be limited. We may experience ownership changes in the future as a result of shifts in our stock
ownership. As a result, if or when we earn net taxable income, our ability to use our pre-change NOLs to offset such taxable income may be subject to limitations. Similar provisions of state tax law may also apply to limit our use of accumulated
state tax attributes. As a result, even if we attain profitability, we may be unable to use a material portion of our NOLs and other tax attributes, which could adversely affect our future cash flows.  
   We will incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public company and our management will be required to devote substantial time to new
compliance initiatives and corporate governance practices including maintaining an effective system of internal control over financial reporting.    
 As a public company, and increasingly after we are no longer an  emerging growth company,  we will incur significant legal,
accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and rules subsequently implemented by the SEC, and the NYSE MKT impose numerous requirements on public companies, including establishment
and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and corporate governance practices. Also, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly and current
reports with respect to our business and operating results. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to comply with these laws and regulations. These requirements have increased and will continue to
increase our legal, accounting, and financial compliance costs and have made and will continue to make some activities more time consuming and costly. For example, we expect these rules and regulations to make it more difficult and more expensive
for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to incur substantial costs to maintain the same or similar coverage. These rules and regulations could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain
qualified persons to serve on our board of directors or our board committees or as executive officers.    Overall, we estimate that our
incremental costs resulting from operating as a public company, including compliance with these rules and regulations, may be between $2.0 million and $4.0 million per year. However, these rules and regulations are often subject to
 
      56  

Table of Contents  

varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and
governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and changing governance practices.  
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
annually and the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures quarterly. In particular, Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us to perform system and process evaluation and testing of our internal control over financial
reporting to allow management to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Section 404(b) of Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or Section 404(b), also requires our independent registered public accounting firm to
attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. As an  emerging growth company,  we are availing ourselves of the exemption from the requirement that our independent registered public accounting firm attest to
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b). However, we may no longer avail ourselves of this exemption when we are no longer an  emerging growth company.  When our independent registered
public accounting firm is required to undertake an assessment of our internal control over financial reporting, the cost of our compliance with Section 404(b) will correspondingly increase. Our compliance with applicable provisions of
Section 404 will require that we incur substantial accounting expense and expend significant management time on compliance-related issues as we implement additional corporate governance practices and comply with reporting requirements.  
 Furthermore, investor perceptions of our company may suffer if deficiencies are found, and this could cause a decline in the market price of
our stock. Irrespective of any required compliance with Section 404, any failure of our internal control over financial reporting could have a material adverse effect on our stated operating results and harm our reputation. If we are unable to
implement these requirements effectively or efficiently, it could harm our operations, financial reporting, or financial results and could result in an adverse opinion on our internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm.
     Our directors, executive officers and principal stockholders will continue to have substantial control over us and could limit investors 
ability to influence the outcome of key transactions, including transactions that would cause a change of control.      As of September
30, 2016, our executive officers, directors and stockholders who owned more than 5% of our outstanding common stock and their respective affiliates beneficially owned or controlled approximately 60% of the outstanding shares of our common stock.
Accordingly, these executive officers, directors and stockholders and their respective affiliates, acting as a group, have substantial influence over the outcome of corporate actions requiring stockholder approval, including the election of
directors, any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets or any other significant corporate transactions. These stockholders may therefore delay or prevent a change of control of us, even if such a change of control
would benefit our other stockholders. The significant concentration of stock ownership may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock due to investors  perception that conflicts of interest may exist or arise.  
   Claims for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us and may
reduce the amount of money available to us.      Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws
provide that we will indemnify our directors and officers, in each case to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law.    In addition, as
permitted by Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated bylaws and our indemnification agreements that we have entered into with our directors and officers provide that:  

We will indemnify our directors and officers for serving us in those capacities, or for serving other business enterprises at our request, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Delaware law provides that a
corporation may indemnify such person if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the registrant and, with respect to any criminal proceeding, had no reasonable
cause to believe such person s conduct was unlawful.        

We may, in our discretion, indemnify employees and agents in those circumstances where indemnification is permitted by applicable law.    

We are required to advance expenses, as incurred, to our directors and officers in connection with defending a proceeding, except that such directors or officers shall undertake to repay such advances if it is
ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification.        

We will not be obligated pursuant to our amended and restated bylaws to indemnify a person with respect to proceedings initiated by that person against us or our other indemnitees, except with respect to proceedings
authorized by our board of directors or brought to enforce a right to indemnification.        

The rights conferred in our amended and restated bylaws are not exclusive, and we are authorized to enter into indemnification agreements with our directors, officers, employees and agents and to obtain insurance to
indemnify such persons.    
      57  

Table of Contents  

We may not retroactively amend our amended and restated bylaw provisions to reduce our indemnification obligations to directors, officers, employees and agents.    
 To the extent that a claim for indemnification is brought by any of our directors or officers, it would reduce the amount of funds available
for use in our business.      Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us, which may be
beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management and limit the market price of our common stock.    
 Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our
management. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws include provisions that:      

authorize our board of directors to issue, without further action by the stockholders, up to 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock;    

require that any action to be taken by our stockholders be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting and not by written consent;    

specify that special meetings of our stockholders can be called only by our board of directors, the chairman of the board of directors, or the chief executive officer;    

establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder approvals to be brought before an annual meeting of our stockholders, including proposed nominations of persons for election to our board of directors;

establish that our board of directors is divided into three classes, Class I, Class II and Class III, with each class serving staggered three year terms;    

provide that our directors may be removed only for cause;        

provide that vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by a majority of directors then in office, even though less than a quorum;    

specify that no stockholder is permitted to cumulate votes at any election of directors; and        

require a super-majority of votes to amend certain of the above-mentioned provisions.      These
provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the
members of our management. In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which limits the ability of stockholders owning in excess of 15% of our
outstanding voting stock to merge or combine with us.      We have broad discretion in the use of the net proceeds from our public offerings and may not
use them effectively.     We have broad discretion as to how to spend and invest the proceeds from our public offerings, and we may
spend or invest these proceeds in a way with which our stockholders disagree. Accordingly, investors will need to rely on our judgment with respect to the use of these proceeds and these uses may not yield a favorable return to our stockholders. In
addition, until the net proceeds are used, they may be placed in investments that do not produce significant income or that may lose value.      With
the exception of the issuance of shares of common stock to our preferred stockholders in connection with the payment of all accrued and unpaid dividends in connection with our initial public offering, we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends
in the foreseeable future.      At the closing of our initial public offering, our board of directors issued shares of common stock to
pay all accrued but unpaid dividends on our convertible preferred stock. As of July 29, 2014, there were cumulative unpaid dividends of $7.3 million for our Series A-1 and Series A-2 convertible preferred stock. Based on the initial public
offering price of $6.00 per share and the offering closing on July 29, 2014, we issued 1,217,784 shares of common stock to the holders of our outstanding preferred stock prior to the offering in satisfaction of these accrued dividends
through July 28, 2014. With the exception of this dividend, we do not anticipate paying cash dividends on any classes of our capital stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain our future earnings for the foreseeable future
to fund the development and growth of our business. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be the sole source of gain on an investment in our common stock for the foreseeable future.  
      58  

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2.  
  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS         

(a)   
   Recent Sale of Unregistered Securities        None.  

(b)   
   Use of Proceeds from Public Offering of Common Stock        On April 23, 2015, our
Registration Statements on Form S-1 (File Nos. 333-203418 and 333-203600) were declared effective by the SEC for our follow-on public offering of common stock. The transaction formally closed on April 29, 2015. In conjunction with the
offering, we issued 2,610,000 shares of common stock, and certain existing stockholders of Pfenex sold 4,140,000 shares of common stock, at an offering price of $15.50 per share. Barclays Capital Inc., Evercore Group L.L.C., and William
Blair   Company, L.L.C. acted as the underwriters. We received aggregate proceeds of approximately $37.4 million, net of underwriting discounts, commissions and estimated offering-related transaction costs. There has been no material change
in the planned use of proceeds from our public offering as described in our final prospectus filed with the SEC on April 24, 2015 pursuant to Rule 424(b).      

(c)   
   Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities        We did not repurchase any shares of our
common stock during the three months ended September 30, 2016.      

ITEM 3.  
  DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES       None.  

ITEM 4.  
  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES       Not applicable.  

ITEM 5.  
  OTHER INFORMATION       None.  

ITEM 6.  
  EXHIBITS       The documents listed in the Exhibit Index of this Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q are incorporated by reference or are filed with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, in each case as indicated therein (numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K).  
      59  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      

PFENEX INC.   

Dated: November 9, 2016  
   
   By:  
   
   /s/ Bertrand C. Liang   

Bertrand C. Liang   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)    

Dated: November 9, 2016  
   
   By:  
   
   /s/ Paul A. Wagner   

Paul A. Wagner   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)    
 
      60  

Table of Contents  

     EXHIBIT INDEX   

Exhibit  

Incorporated by Reference Herein  

Number   
    
    Description   
    
    Form   

File No.   

Exhibit   

Filing Date   

10.1+# 
    
 License and Option Agreement, dated July 27, 2016, by and between the Company and Jazz Pharmaceuticals Ireland Limited. 

10.2+# 
    
 Modification No. 9, effective as of September 28, 2016, to the Contract Agreement, dated September 27, 2012, by and between the Company and the National Institutes of Health. 

10.3#* 
    
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated September 26, 2016, between the Registrant and Steven Sandoval, Sr. 

10.4#* 
    
 2016 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan and forms of awards thereunder. 

31.1# 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2# 
    
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1** 
    
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
    
 XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

+ 
 Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment and the non-public information has been filed separately with the SEC.    

# 
 Filed herewith.    

* 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan.    

** 
 The information in this exhibit is furnished and deemed not filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for purposes of section 18 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), and is not
to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Pfenex Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation
language in such filing.    
      61  

<EX-10.1>
 2
 d255800dex101.htm
 EX-10.1

EX-10.1 

CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED   
 CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS DOCUMENT HAVE BEEN REDACTED AND HAVE BEEN SEPARATELY FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. INFORMATION THAT WAS
OMITTED IN THE EDGAR VERSION HAS BEEN NOTED IN THIS DOCUMENT WITH A PLACEHOLDER IDENTIFIED BY THE MARK  [***].      Exhibit 10.1
        Execution Version      
     CONFIDENTIAL      
  LICENSE AND OPTION AGREEMENT   
 This  L ICENSE   AND  O PTION  A GREEMENT   (the   Agreement  ) is
entered into as of July 27, 2016 (the   Effective Date  ) by and between  P FENEX  I NC    ., a Delaware corporation, with its principal place of business at 10790 Roselle Street, San
Diego, CA 92121 (  Pfenex  ), and  J AZZ  P HARMACEUTICALS  I RELAND  L IMITED    , a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Ireland, with a
registered office at Fourth Floor, Connaught House, One Burlington Road, Dublin 4, Ireland (  Jazz  ). Pfenex and Jazz are sometimes referred to herein individually as a   Party   and collectively as the
  Parties  .     RECITALS   
  W HEREAS    , Jazz is a specialty biopharmaceutical company with expertise in the development, marketing, and
commercialization of pharmaceutical products; and     W HEREAS    , Pfenex possesses certain intellectual
property, materials and expertise related to its proprietary  P. fluorescens  manufacturing platform;  
  W HEREAS    , the Parties desire to establish a collaboration regarding certain [***] products and for Jazz to
receive an option to certain [***] products using Pfenex s  P. fluorescens  manufacturing platform all in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein.  
  N OW , T HEREFORE    , in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual promises,
covenants and conditions contained in this Agreement, the Parties agree as follows:     ARTICLE 1   
  DEFINITIONS      1.1
  [***]  ROFN Product   has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5(c)(i).     1.2    Acquired
Party   has the meaning set forth in Section 13.7.     1.3    Acquiring Entity   has the meaning set forth
in Section 1.15.     1.4    Additional Amounts   has the meaning set forth in Section 6.10(c).  
  1.5    Affiliate   means, with respect to a particular Party or other entity, a person, corporation, partnership, or
other entity (any, a   Person  ) that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Party or other entity. For the purposes of this definition, the word  control  (including, with correlative meaning, the
terms  controlled by  or  under common control with ) means the actual power, either directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person,
whether by the ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the voting stock of such Person, or by contract or otherwise. For clarity, a Person shall be deemed an Affiliate only for so long as this definition is satisfied with respect to such
Person.     1.6    Agreement   has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.  
      1.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

1.7    Alternative Product   has the meaning set forth in
Section 11.4(a)(ii)(B).     1.8    Assessment Materials   has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a).  
  1.9    Assessment Period   means, with respect to each HemOnc Product, a period of [***] after [***] for such HemOnc
Product.     1.10    Bankrupt Party   has the meaning set forth in Section 13.2(a).  
  1.11   [***]  ROFN Product   has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5(c)(ii).  
  1.12    Biosimilar Product   has the meaning set forth in Section 7.4(a).  
  1.13    BLA   means a Biologics License Application, as defined in Section 351(a) or (k) of the Public Health
Service Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 262, as amended, and applicable regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder by the FDA or an equivalent application for Regulatory Approval outside of the United States.  
  1.14    Business Day   means a day other than Saturday, Sunday or any day that banks in Dublin, Ireland or New York City,
U.S. are required or permitted to be closed.     1.15    Change of Control   of a Party means (a) a merger or
consolidation of such Party with a Third Party that results in the voting securities of such Party outstanding immediately prior thereto ceasing to represent at least fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the surviving entity
immediately after such merger or consolidation, or (b) a transaction or series of related transactions in which a Third Party, together with its Affiliates, becomes the beneficial owner of fifty percent (50%) or more of the combined voting
power of the outstanding securities of such Party, or (c) the sale or other transfer to a Third Party of all or substantially all of such Party s business to which the subject matter of this Agreement relates, except in connection with the
issuance of equity securities for financing purposes or to change the domicile of a Party (in each case (a) (c), inclusive, such Third Party, the   Acquiring Entity  ).  
  1.16    Claims   has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1.  
  1.17    CMC   means the chemistry, manufacturing and controls of the Product, as specified by the FDA, or other
applicable Regulatory Authorities.     1.18    COGS   means, with respect to a particular Product, the fully burdened
manufacturing cost in Dollars, as defined by JPP s consistent application of GAAP, of producing or obtaining supply of finished, packaged and labeled product, which cost shall include labor and material costs, quality assurance and control
expenses, allocable facilities costs (e.g., insurance, water, waste, other utilities and depreciation) [***].     1.19    COGS
Improvement   has the meaning set forth on   Exhibit 1.19  .     1.20    COGS Variance   has the
meaning set forth on   Exhibit D  .     1.21    Combination Product   has the meaning set forth in
Section 1.90.  
      2.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

1.22    Commercialization   means, with respect to a Product, the marketing,
promotion, sale and/or distribution of such Product in the Territory. Commercialization shall include commercial activities conducted in preparation for Product launch.   Commercialize   has a correlative meaning.  
  1.23    Commercially Reasonable Efforts   means, with respect to each Party s obligations under this Agreement to
Develop, manufacture, or Commercialize a Product, the carrying out of such obligations or tasks with a level of efforts and resources that are consistent with the efforts and resources normally used by such Party in the performance of such activity
for other pharmaceutical products, in each case owned by it or to which it has exclusive rights, at a similar stage of development or commercialization and with similar commercial and market potential as the Product, taking into account all relevant
factors, including patent coverage, safety and efficacy, product profile, competitiveness of the marketplace and other products, proprietary position and profitability (including pricing and reimbursement). Without limiting the foregoing, such
efforts shall include: (a) assigning responsibilities for activities for which such Party is responsible to specific employee(s) who are held accountable for the progress, monitoring and completion of such activities, (b) setting and
seeking to reasonably achieve meaningful objectives for carrying out such activities, and (c) making and implementing reasonable decisions and allocating resources reasonably necessary or appropriate to advance progress with respect to and
complete such objectives in an expeditious manner, in each case, consistent with the efforts and resources normally used by such Party in the performance of such activity for other pharmaceutical products, in each case owned by it or to which it has
exclusive rights, at a similar stage of development or commercialization and with similar commercial and market potential as the Product, taking into account all relevant factors, including patent coverage, safety and efficacy, product profile,
competitiveness of the marketplace and other products, proprietary position and profitability (including pricing and reimbursement).  
  1.24    Competing Program   has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6(e).  
  1.25    Confidential Information   of a Party means any and all Information of such Party that is disclosed to the other
Party under this Agreement, whether in oral, written, graphic, or electronic form. In addition, all Information disclosed by Pfenex pursuant to the Mutual Confidentiality Agreement between Pfenex and Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc
(  JPP  ), an Affiliate of Jazz, dated October 30, 2015 or the Mutual Confidentiality Agreement between Pfenex and JPP dated June 23, 2016 (collectively, the   Confidentiality Agreements  ) shall be deemed to
be Pfenex s Confidential Information disclosed hereunder, and all Information disclosed by JPP pursuant to the Confidentiality Agreements shall be deemed to be Jazz s Confidential Information disclosed hereunder.  
  1.26    Confidentiality Agreements   has the meaning set forth in Section 1.25.  
  1.27    Conjugated Protein   has the meaning set forth in   Exhibit E  .  
  1.28    Conjugation Election   has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a).  
  1.29    Control   means, with respect to any material, Information, or intellectual property right, that a Party
(a) owns or (b) has a license (other than a license granted to such  
      3.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

Party under this Agreement) to such material, Information, or intellectual property right and, in each case (a) and (b), has the ability to grant to the other Party access, a license, or a
sublicense (as applicable) to the foregoing on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement without violating the terms of any then-existing agreement or other legally enforceable arrangement with any Third Party. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in this Agreement, in the event of a Change of Control of a Party, (i) any subject matter owned or controlled by any Acquiring Entity (and not Controlled by such Party or its Affiliates) immediately prior to the effective date of
such Change of Control and (ii) any subject matter independently developed or acquired by or on behalf of any Acquiring Entity without access to or use of any subject matter used or made available under this Agreement, in each case (i) and
(ii) shall not be deemed to be Controlled by such Party or its Affiliates after the effective date of such Change of Control for purposes of this Agreement.  
  1.30    Cover   means, with respect to a claim of a Patent and a Product, that such claim would be infringed, absent a
license, by the manufacture, use, offer for sale, sale or importation of such Product (considering claims of patent applications to be issued as pending).  
  1.31    Declination Notice   has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a).  
  1.32    Develop   or   Development   means, with respect to a Product, all activities that relate to the
development of such Product, including (a) obtaining, maintaining or expanding Regulatory Approvals for such Product, or (b) developing the ability to manufacture clinical and commercial quantities of such Product. Development includes:
(i) the conduct of preclinical testing, toxicology, and clinical trials; (ii) preparation, submission, review, and development of Information for the purpose of submission to a Governmental Authority to obtain, maintain or expand
Regulatory Approvals for such Product; and (iii) manufacturing process development and scale-up, bulk production, and fill/finish work associated with the supply of such Product for preclinical testing, toxicology and clinical trials, and
related quality assurance and technical support activities.     1.33    Development Plan   has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.2(a).     1.34    Development Program   has the meaning set forth in Section 4.2(a).  
  1.35    Disclosed Platform   has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(c).  
  1.36    Dispute   has the meaning set forth in Section 12.1.  
  1.37    Divestiture   has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6(e)(ii).  
  1.38    Dollar   means a U.S. dollar, and   $   shall be interpreted accordingly.  
  1.39    Effective Date   has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.  
  1.40    EMA   means the European Medicines Agency or any successor entity.  
  1.41    EU   or   European Union   means the European Union member states as of the Effective Date or as
may be added or subtracted from time to time during the Term. As of the  
      4.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

Effective Date, the European Union member states are Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy,
Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, and the United Kingdom. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the EU shall include the United Kingdom for purposes of this definition
regardless of whether such country officially exits the EU during the Term.     1.42    EU Approval   has the meaning
set forth in Section 6.3(b).     1.43    Executive Officer   means, with respect to Pfenex, its Chief Executive
Officer, and with respect to Jazz, its Chief Executive Officer, or, in each case, a designee with senior decision-making authority.  
  1.44    Expression Feasibility Data Package   means, with respect to each HemOnc Product, the data with respect to such
HemOnc Product generated by Pfenex in the performance of the Pfenex Expression Feasibility Activities as described in   Exhibit 1.44  .  
  1.45    FD C Act   means the U.S. Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended.  
  1.46    FDA   means the U.S. Food and Drug Administration or any successor entity.  
  1.47    Federal Arbitration Act   has the meaning set forth in Section 12.2(a).  
  1.48    Field   means the diagnosis, prevention and treatment of any and all diseases and conditions.  
  1.49    First Commercial Sale   means, with respect to a Product, the first sale to a Third Party of such Product in a
given regulatory jurisdiction after Regulatory Approval has been obtained in such jurisdiction for such Product.     1.50
   Fused Protein   has the meaning set forth in   Exhibit E  .     1.51    Fusion Election  
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a).     1.52    GAAP   means United States generally accepted accounting
principles consistently applied.     1.53    GCP   or   Good Clinical Practices   means the then-current
standards, practices and procedures promulgated or endorsed by the FDA as set forth in the guidelines entitled  Guidance for Industry E6 Good Clinical Practice: Consolidated Guidance,  including related regulatory requirements imposed by
the FDA and comparable regulatory standards, practices and procedures promulgated by the EMA or other Regulatory Authority applicable to the Territory, as they may be updated from time to time, including applicable quality guidelines promulgated
under the ICH.     1.54    GLP   or   Good Laboratory Practices   means the then-current good laboratory
practice standards promulgated or endorsed by the FDA as defined in 21 C.F.R. Part 58, and comparable regulatory standards promulgated by the EMA or other Regulatory Authority  
      5.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

applicable to the Territory, as they may be updated from time to time, including applicable quality guidelines promulgated under the ICH.  
  1.55    GMP   or   Good Manufacturing Practices   means the then-current good manufacturing practices
required by the FDA, as set forth in the FD C Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder, for the manufacture and testing of pharmaceutical materials, and comparable laws and regulations applicable to the manufacture and testing of
pharmaceutical materials promulgated by other Regulatory Authorities, as they may be updated from time to time.     1.56
   Governmental Authority   means any multi-national, national, federal, state, local, municipal, provincial or other governmental authority of any nature (including any governmental division, prefecture, subdivision, department,
agency, bureau, branch, office, commission, council, court or other tribunal).     1.57    Half-Life Extension
Component   means a component that may be included as part of a pharmaceutical product that has been incorporated by chemical conjugation, or by fusion with another protein or other genetic means, with the intended purpose of extending the
time it takes for such pharmaceutical product to lose half of its pharmacologic activity when administered to humans.     1.58
   HemOnc-NextGen   has the meaning set forth in   Exhibit E  .     1.59    HemOnc-Pf   has
the meaning set forth in   Exhibit E  .     1.60    HemOnc Products   means HemOnc-Pf and HemOnc-NextGen.  
  1.61    ICH   means International Conference on Harmonisation.  
  1.62    IND   means (a) an Investigational New Drug Application as defined in the FD C Act and applicable
regulations promulgated thereunder by the FDA, or (b) the equivalent application to a Governmental Authority in any other regulatory jurisdiction, the filing of which is necessary to initiate or conduct clinical testing of a pharmaceutical
product in humans in such jurisdiction.     1.63    Indemnified Party   has the meaning set forth in Section 9.3.
    1.64    Indemnifying Party   has the meaning set forth in Section 9.3.  
  1.65    Indication   means a separately defined, well-categorized class of human disease or condition for which a
separate MAA (including any extensions or supplements) may be filed with a Regulatory Authority. For clarity, if an MAA is approved for a Product in a particular Indication and patient population, a label expansion for such Product to include such
Indication in a different patient population shall not be considered a separate Indication. For further clarity, all subtypes of a particular tumor type and all treatments thereof, including all lines of treatment shall be deemed the same
Indication.  
      6.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

1.66    Information   means any data, results, technology, business or
financial information or information of any type whatsoever, in any tangible or intangible form, including know-how, trade secrets, practices, techniques, methods, processes, inventions, developments, specifications, formulations, formulae,
software, algorithms, marketing reports, expertise, technology, test data (including pharmacological, biological, chemical, biochemical and clinical test data and data resulting from non-clinical studies), CMC information, stability data and other
study data and procedures.     1.67    Invention   shall mean any Information, process, method, composition of matter,
article of manufacture, discovery or finding, patentable or otherwise, that is invented, made or generated as a result of a Party (acting solely or jointly with the other Party) exercising its rights or carrying out its obligations under this
Agreement, whether directly or via its Affiliates, agents or independent contractors, including all rights, title and interest in and to the intellectual property rights therein.  
  1.68    JAMS Rules   has the meaning set forth in Section 12.2(a).  
  1.69    Jazz   has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.  
  1.70    Jazz Assessment Activities   means, with respect to each HemOnc Product, such testing of the Assessment Materials
as performed by Jazz for purposes of evaluating whether to terminate its license hereunder with respect to such HemOnc Product.     1.71
   Jazz HemOnc-NextGen Data   has the meaning set forth in Section 11.4(b)(i).     1.72    Jazz HemOnc-Pf
Data   has the meaning set forth in Section 11.4(a)(i).     1.73    Jazz Extension IP   means the data,
technical information, and Patents (a) Controlled by Jazz or its Affiliates as of the Effective Date or any time during the Term, and (b) relating to or Covering the Half-Life Extension Component for HemOnc-NextGen selected by Jazz, in its
sole discretion. For clarity, Jazz Extension IP includes Jazz Improvements.     1.74    Jazz Improvements   has the
meaning set forth in Section 7.1(d).     1.75    Jazz Indemnitees   has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1.
    1.76    Jazz Retained Data Rights   has the meaning set forth in Section 11.4(a)(i).  
  1.77    Jazz Sole Patents   has the meaning set forth in Section 7.3(a).  
  1.78    Joint Development Committee   or   JDC   has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(a).  
  1.79    Joint Inventions   has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(b).  
  1.80    Joint Management Team   or   JMT   has the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(a).  
      7.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

1.81    Joint Patents   has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(b).
    1.82    JPP   has the meaning set forth in Section 1.25.  
  1.83    Laws   means all laws, statutes, rules, regulations, ordinances and other pronouncements having the effect of law
of any federal, national, multinational, state, provincial, county, city or other political subdivision, domestic or foreign.     1.84
   Lead Indication   has the meaning set forth in   Exhibit E  .     1.85    Major European
Country   means any one of the United Kingdom, Germany, France, Italy and Spain.     1.86    Manufacturing Process
Transfer   has the meaning set forth in Section 4.7(b).     1.87    Manufacturing Process Transfer
Criteria   has the meaning set forth in Section 4.7(a).     1.88    Marketing Authorization Application  
or   MAA   means an application to the appropriate Regulatory Authority for approval to market a Product (but excluding Pricing Approval) in any particular jurisdiction, including a BLA.  
  1.89    Marketing Partner   means a Third Party that has received from Jazz or its Affiliate a sublicense, under
Section 2.1(d), of the rights granted to Jazz either: (a) to develop and sell a Product, provided that Jazz or its Affiliates receives payment based upon sales of such Product by or on behalf of such Third Party (e.g., such Third Party
pays Jazz or its Affiliates a royalty, milestone, profit share or other payment with respect to the sale of such Product by or on behalf of such Third Party); or (b) to make (to the extent Jazz is so permitted to make or sublicense such right
to a Third Party to make as described in Section 2.1(d)) Product and sell Product.    1.90    Net Sales   means,
with respect to any Product, the gross amounts invoiced by Jazz and its Affiliates, sublicensees and Marketing Partners (each, a   Selling Party  ) for sales of such Product in the Field to unaffiliated Third Parties, less the
following deductions provided to unaffiliated entities to the extent actually taken, paid, accrued, allowed, included or allocated:  
  (a)  cash, trade, quantity or other discounts, coupons, or co-pay expenditures, charge-back payments, and rebates to trade customers,
retail pharmacy chains, wholesalers, managed health care organizations, pharmaceutical benefit managers, insurers, group purchasing organizations and national, state, or local government, including any Medicaid or other rebate payments or other
price reductions provided based on sales to any Governmental Authority or Regulatory Authority in respect of any state or federal Medicare, Medicaid or similar programs;  
  (b)  credits, rebates or allowances related to prompt payment or on account of damaged goods, rejections or returns of Products,
including in connection with recalls, and the actual amount of any write-offs for bad debt (provided that any amount subsequently recovered will be added back as Net Sales);  
      8.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

(c)  reasonable distributors , wholesalers  and dispensing fees in connection
with Products;     (d)  freight, postage, shipping, transportation and insurance charges; and  
  (e)  taxes (other than income taxes), duties, tariffs, mandated contributions or other governmental charges levied on the manufacture or
sale of Products, including VAT, excise taxes and sales taxes.    Notwithstanding the foregoing, sales among Selling Parties shall not be
included in the computation of Net Sales hereunder (except where such Selling Party is an end user). Net Sales shall be accounted for in accordance with the Selling Party s standard practices in the relevant country in the Territory, applied
consistently with respect to all of such Selling Party s products in such country. For clarity, the gross invoiced price for sale of a Product to any wholesaler or distributor (i.e., a Third Party to whom a Selling Party sells units of such
Product for resale in a particular market or country) shall be included in Net Sales as sales of such Selling Party, but amounts received by such a wholesaler or distributor for subsequent sale of the Product shall not be included in Net Sales.  
 Notwithstanding the foregoing,  Net Sales  shall not include any amounts invoiced for sales of Products supplied for use in clinical
trials of Products, or under early access, compassionate use, named patient, indigent access, patient assistance or other reduced pricing programs, in each case provided that the gross amount invoiced is at or below the Selling Party s COGS for
the applicable Product.    If the Product (a) contains any active pharmaceutical ingredient in addition to any active pharmaceutical
ingredient specified in the applicable Product definition, or (b) is sold in combination with another pharmaceutical product that contains any active pharmaceutical ingredient other than [***], in each case (a) and (b) for a single
price, such Product shall be referred to as a   Combination Product  , and the other active pharmaceutical ingredient(s) in clause (a) and the other pharmaceutical product(s) in clause (b) are each referred to as the
  Other Product(s)  .    Net Sales for a Combination Product in a particular country shall be calculated as follows:  
 (i) If the Product and Other Product(s) each are sold separately in such country, Net Sales will be calculated by multiplying the total Net
Sales (as described above) of the Combination Product by the fraction A/(A+B), where A is the price in such country of the Product sold separately, and B is the (sum of the) price(s) in such country of the Other Product(s) sold separately.  
 (ii) If the Product, but not the Other Product(s), is sold separately in such country, Net Sales will be calculated by multiplying the total
Net Sales (as described above) of such Combination Product by the fraction A/C, where A is the price in such country of the Product sold separately, and C is the price in such country of the Combination Product.  
      9.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

(iii) If the Other Product(s), but not the Product, is sold separately in such country, Net Sales
will be calculated by multiplying the total Net Sales (as described above) of such Combination Product by the fraction 1-B/C, where B is the (sum of the) price(s) in such country of the Other Product(s) and C is the price in such country of the
Combination Product.    (iv) If the Product and the Other Product(s) are not sold separately in such country, Net Sales shall be determined
by mutual written agreement of the Parties based on the relative value of such Product and such Other Product(s).     1.91
   Option   has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(a).     1.92    Option Data Package 1  
means the data and materials generated in the performance of Pfenex s Development of the Pegaspargase Product as described in   Exhibit 1.92  .  
  1.93    Option Data Package 2   means [***].  
  1.94    Option Exercise   means the entry by the Parties into an Option Exercise Agreement pursuant to
Section 2.4(d).     1.95    Option Exercise Agreement   has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(d).  
  1.96    Option Exercise Notice   has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(c).  
  1.97    Other Product(s)   has the meaning set forth in Section 1.90.  
  1.98    Party   or   Parties   has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.  
  1.99    Patents   means (a) pending patent applications, issued patents, utility models and designs anywhere in the
world; (b) reissues, substitutions, confirmations, registrations, validations, re-examinations, additions, continuations, continued prosecution applications, continuations-in-part, or divisions of or to any of the foregoing; (c) patents
that issue with respect to any of the foregoing applications; and (d) extensions, renewals or restorations of any of the foregoing by existing or future extension, renewal or restoration mechanisms, including supplementary protection
certificates or the equivalent thereof.     1.100    Pegaspargase Product   means the product described on   Exhibit
1.100   as may be agreed to be amended by the Parties.     1.101    Person   has the meaning set forth in
Section 1.5.     1.102    Pfenex   has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.  
  1.103    Pfenex Expression Feasibility Activities   means, with respect to each HemOnc Product, the protein expression
activities performed by Pfenex as set forth in the Development Plan for such HemOnc Product.     1.104    Pfenex General Product
Patent   means a Pfenex Sole Patent that (a) claims an Invention and (b) is not a Pfenex Product-Specific Patent.  
      10.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

1.105    Pfenex Improvements   has the meaning set forth in
Section 7.1(c).     1.106    Pfenex Indemnitees   has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2.  
  1.107    Pfenex IP   means the Pfenex Know-How and Pfenex Patents.  
  1.108    Pfenex Know-How   means all data and technical information (a) Controlled by Pfenex or its Affiliates as of
the Effective Date or at any time during the Term, and (b) necessary or useful to Develop, manufacture, use, offer for sale, sell, import or otherwise Commercialize any HemOnc Product. Pfenex Know-How includes Pfenex Improvements, Sole
Inventions owned by Pfenex, and Pfenex s interest in Joint Inventions, in each case to the extent that the foregoing are necessary or useful to Develop, manufacture, use, offer for sale, sell, import or otherwise Commercialize any HemOnc
Product.     1.109    Pfenex Patent   means any Patent (a) Controlled by Pfenex or its Affiliates as of the
Effective Date or at any time during the Term, and (b) necessary or useful to Develop, manufacture, use, offer for sale, sell, import or otherwise Commercialize any HemOnc Product, including any and all Patents claiming any Pfenex Know-How,
Patents listed on   Exhibit A  , Patents claiming Pfenex Improvements and Sole Inventions owned by Pfenex, and Pfenex s interest in any Joint Patents, in each case to the extent that the foregoing are necessary or useful to Develop,
manufacture, use, offer for sale, sell, import or otherwise Commercialize any HemOnc Product.     1.110    Pfenex Pegaspargase
Product IP   means the Pfenex Pegaspargase Product Know-How and Pfenex Pegaspargase Product Patents.     1.111    Pfenex
Pegaspargase Product Know-How   means all data and technical information (a) Controlled by Pfenex or its Affiliates as of the Effective Date or at any time during the Term, and (b) necessary or useful to Develop, manufacture, use,
offer for sale, sell, import or otherwise Commercialize the Pegaspargase Product. Pfenex Know-How includes Pfenex Improvements, Sole Inventions owned by Pfenex, and Pfenex s interest in Joint Inventions, in each case to the extent that the
foregoing are necessary or useful to Develop, manufacture, use, offer for sale, sell, import or otherwise Commercialize the Pegaspargase Product.  
  1.112    Pfenex Pegaspargase Product Patent   means any Patent (a) Controlled by Pfenex or its Affiliates as of the
Effective Date or at any time during the Term, and (b) necessary or useful to Develop, manufacture, use, offer for sale, sell, import or otherwise Commercialize the Pegaspargase Product, including any and all Patents claiming any Pfenex
Pegaspargase Product Know-How, Patents listed on   Exhibit A  , Patents claiming Pfenex Improvements and Sole Inventions owned by Pfenex, and Pfenex s interest in any Joint Patents, in each case to the extent that the foregoing are
necessary or useful to Develop, manufacture, use, offer for sale, sell, import or otherwise Commercialize the Pegaspargase Product.  
  1.113    Pfenex Product-Specific Patent   means a Pfenex Sole Patent that claims only a Product (including the
composition of matter, manufacture or use thereof) and no other subject matter.  
      11.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

1.114    Pfenex ROFN Product IP   means, with respect to a particular ROFN
Product, the Pfenex ROFN Product Know-How and Pfenex ROFN Product Patents.     1.115    Pfenex ROFN Product Know-How  
means, with respect to a particular ROFN Product, all data and technical information (a) Controlled by Pfenex or its Affiliates as of the Effective Date or at any time during the Term, and (b) necessary or useful to develop, manufacture,
use, offer for sale, sell, import or otherwise commercialize such ROFN Product. Pfenex Know-How includes Pfenex Improvements, Sole Inventions owned by Pfenex, and Pfenex s interest in Joint Inventions, in each case to the extent that the
foregoing are necessary or useful to develop, manufacture, use, offer for sale, sell, import or otherwise commercialize such ROFN Product.  
  1.116    Pfenex ROFN Product Patent   means, with respect to a particular ROFN Product, any Patent (a) Controlled by
Pfenex or its Affiliates as of the Effective Date or at any time during the Term, and (b) necessary or useful to develop, manufacture, use, offer for sale, sell, import or otherwise commercialize such ROFN Product, including any and all Patents
claiming any Pfenex ROFN Product Know-How, Patents listed on   Exhibit A  , Patents claiming Pfenex Improvements and Sole Inventions owned by Pfenex, and Pfenex s interest in any Joint Patents, in each case to the extent that the
foregoing are necessary or useful to develop, manufacture, use, offer for sale, sell, import or otherwise commercialize such ROFN Product.  
  1.117    Pfenex Sole Patent   means a Pfenex Patent that is not a Joint Patent.  
  1.118    Post-Primary Recovery Inventions   has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(g).  
  1.119    Pricing Approval   means such governmental approval, agreement, determination or decision establishing prices
for a Product that can be charged and/or reimbursed in regulatory jurisdictions where it is required by applicable Laws or customary for the applicable Governmental Authorities to approve or determine the price and/or reimbursement of pharmaceutical
products prior to the commencement of commercial sales of such Product in the applicable regulatory jurisdiction.     1.120
   Product   means HemOnc-Pf, HemOnc-NextGen, and/or the Pegaspargase Product, excluding (a) any such Product in the event that this Agreement is terminated with respect to such Product and (b) the Pegaspargase Product in
the event that the Option expires without Option Exercise.     1.121    Product A   has the meaning set forth in
  Exhibit E  .     1.122    Product B   has the meaning set forth in   Exhibit E  .  
  1.123    Product Infringement   has the meaning set forth in Section 7.4(a).  
  1.124    Product Marks   has the meaning set forth in Section 7.8.  
      12.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

1.125    Production Techniques Patents   has the meaning set forth in the
Technology Licensing Agreement among Dow Global Technologies Inc., The Dow Chemical Company and Pfenex dated November 30, 2009.  
  1.126    Proposals   has the meaning set forth in Section 12.2(b).  
  1.127   [***]  has the meaning set forth in   Exhibit E  .  
  1.128   [***]  has the meaning set forth in   Exhibit E  .  
  1.129   [***]  has the meaning set forth in   Exhibit E  .  
  1.130    Regulatory Approval   means all approvals, including, if applicable, Pricing Approvals, that are necessary for
the commercial sale of a Product in the Field in a given country or regulatory jurisdiction.     1.131    Regulatory
Authority   means, in a particular country or jurisdiction, any applicable Governmental Authority involved in granting Regulatory Approval in such country or jurisdiction.  
  1.132    Regulatory Materials   means regulatory applications, submissions, notifications, communications,
correspondence, registrations, Regulatory Approvals and/or other filings made to, received from or otherwise conducted with a Regulatory Authority in order to Develop, manufacture, market, sell or otherwise Commercialize a Product in a particular
country or jurisdiction, including INDs.     1.133    ROFN   has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5(a).  
  1.134    ROFN Data Package   means, with respect to a particular ROFN Product, (a) the data that [***] for such ROFN
Product and (b) any additional data that [***], prior to filing an IND for such ROFN Product, to further develop and commercialize such ROFN Product.  
  1.135    ROFN Exercise   means, with respect to a particular ROFN Product, the entry by the Parties into a ROFN Exercise
Agreement pursuant to Section 2.5(c).     1.136    ROFN Exercise Agreement   has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.5(c).     1.137    ROFN Exercise Notice   has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5(a).  
  1.138    ROFN Product   means a product (other than a Product) that contains [***] and for which Pfenex conducts any
research or development activities, excluding any such product comprising a Competing Program.     1.139    ROFN Third Party
Notice   has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5(c)(ii).     1.140    Royalty Term   has the meaning set
forth in Section 6.5(b).     1.141    Selling Party   has the meaning set forth in Section 1.90.  
      13.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

1.142    Sole Inventions   has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(a).
    1.143    Successful Expression   has the meaning set forth on   Exhibit 1.143  .  
  1.144    Term   has the meaning set forth in Section 11.1.  
  1.145    Territory   means all countries of the world.  
  1.146    Third Party   means any entity other than Pfenex or Jazz or an Affiliate thereof.  
  1.147    Third Party Agreements   means the agreements listed on   Exhibit 1.147  .  
  1.148    Title 11   has the meaning set forth in Section 13.2(a).  
  1.149    United States   or   U . S .  means the United States of America, including all possessions
and territories thereof.     1.150    Upfront Payments   has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1.  
  1.151    VAT   means value-added tax, consumption taxes and other similar taxes required by Law to be disclosed on an
invoice.     1.152    Withholding Tax Action   has the meaning set forth in Section 6.10(c).  
  1.153    Working Group   has the meaning set forth in Section 3.4.  
  ARTICLE 2      LICENSES AND
EXCLUSIVITY      2.1 License to Jazz for HemOnc Products .  
  (a) Election for HemOnc Products . Pfenex shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to perform the Pfenex Expression Feasibility
Activities for each of HemOnc-Pf and the Fused Protein. Pfenex shall promptly notify Jazz in writing if Pfenex reasonably believes, after using Commercially Reasonable Efforts, that it will not be able to achieve Successful Expression for either
HemOnc-Pf or the Fused Protein. Promptly following completion of the Pfenex Expression Feasibility Activities for each HemOnc Product, Pfenex shall promptly provide Jazz with the Expression Feasibility Data Package for such HemOnc Product. Pfenex
shall, within ten (10) Business Days following Jazz s written request, provide Jazz with any additional information reasonably requested by Jazz with respect to the Expression Feasibility Data Package (provided that such additional
information is in Pfenex s possession and does not require the expenditure of additional funds or the performance of additional studies to generate), or Pfenex shall notify Jazz in writing during such period that Pfenex does not have such
additional information in its possession, as the case may be. Following the mutual agreement of the Parties with respect to the achievement of Successful Expression for each HemOnc Product, Pfenex shall provide Jazz with the amount of such HemOnc
Product set forth in   Exhibit 1.143   meeting the specifications as described in   Exhibit 1.143   (with respect to each HemOnc Product, the   Assessment Materials  ). The data contained in the Expression
 
      14.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

Feasibility Data Package shall be the Confidential Information of Jazz, and Jazz shall have all right, title, and interest in and to the data contained in the Expression Feasibility Data Package
and the Assessment Materials. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, as between the Parties, Pfenex shall retain all right, title and interest in and to any Pfenex IP (including any Information disclosed by Pfenex to Jazz in
connection with such Assessment Materials or otherwise under this Agreement) and all Pfenex Improvements assigned to Pfenex pursuant to Section 7.1(c). Commencing upon receipt of the Assessment Materials for each HemOnc Product, Jazz shall use
Commercially Reasonable Efforts to conduct the Jazz Assessment Activities with respect to such HemOnc Product. Prior to expiration of the Assessment Period for the applicable HemOnc Product, Jazz may provide Pfenex with written notice that Jazz
elects to terminate its license hereunder with respect to such HemOnc Product (with respect to such HemOnc Product, the   Declination Notice  ). If Jazz provides Pfenex with a Declination Notice for a HemOnc Product, then Jazz shall
be deemed to have terminated this Agreement with respect to such HemOnc Product pursuant to Section 11.2, and such termination shall be deemed to be effective as of immediately prior to expiration of the applicable Assessment Period for
purposes of Section 11.4. If Jazz does not provide Pfenex with a Declination Notice during the Assessment Period with respect to either HemOnc Product, Jazz will retain its license hereunder and be obligated to commence its obligations with
respect to such HemOnc Product, and such HemOnc Product will remain a Product for the purposes of this Agreement. [***].     (b) License
to Jazz . Pfenex hereby grants Jazz an exclusive (even as to Pfenex except as provided in Section 2.1(c) below), royalty-bearing and sublicenseable (subject to Section 2.1(d)) license, under the Pfenex IP to research, Develop, make,
have made, use, sell, have sold, offer for sale, import, and otherwise Commercialize the HemOnc Products in the Field in the Territory. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, all licenses granted to Jazz pursuant to this
Agreement under the Production Techniques Patents shall be non-exclusive. Pfenex shall not grant a license under the Production Techniques Patents to any Third Parties to research, Develop, make, have made, use, sell, have sold, offer for sale,
import, or otherwise Commercialize any HemOnc Product in the Field in the Territory.     (c) Pfenex Retained Rights . Notwithstanding
the rights granted to Jazz in Section 2.1(b), Pfenex retains the non-exclusive right to practice the Pfenex IP in the Territory solely as necessary to (i) conduct the activities assigned to Pfenex under the Development Plans in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement; and (ii) manufacture the HemOnc Products solely for supply to Jazz, its Affiliates or its/their sublicensees and Marketing Partners.  
  (d) Sublicenses . Jazz shall have the right to grant sublicenses through multiple tiers, under any or all of the rights granted in
Section 2.1(b), to its Affiliates and/or to Third Parties. Each agreement in which Jazz grants a sublicense under the Pfenex IP shall be consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement relevant to such sublicense. Jazz shall be
liable to Pfenex for the performance of its direct and indirect sublicensees, including their compliance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement. Jazz shall ensure that the efforts of each Third Party sublicensee to Develop and
Commercialize a Product shall be at least equivalent to Jazz s Commercially Reasonable Efforts in accordance with Sections 4.4 and 5.2.  
      15.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

2.2 License to Pfenex . Effective on commencement of the Pfenex Expression Feasibility
Activities for HemOnc-NextGen, Jazz shall, and hereby does, grant to Pfenex a non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-sublicenseable and non-transferable license or sublicense, under the Jazz Extension IP, solely as necessary (i) to conduct the Pfenex
activities for HemOnc-NextGen as specified in the Development Plan for such Product, and (ii) subject to the Parties  agreement in accordance with Section 4.7, to manufacture HemOnc-NextGen for supply to Jazz or its designees. Jazz
shall disclose to Pfenex the potential Half-Life Extension Component(s) within the Jazz Extension IP (and any changes thereto) to be evaluated and/or used in the Development of HemOnc-NextGen under this Agreement to the extent necessary for Pfenex
to perform such activities.     2.3 No Implied Licenses . Except as explicitly set forth in this Agreement, neither Party shall be
deemed by estoppel or implication to have granted the other Party any license or other right to any intellectual property of such Party. All rights not otherwise expressly granted hereunder by a Party shall be retained.  
  2.4 Option for Pegaspargase Product.   
  (a) Option Grant.  Pfenex hereby grants Jazz an exclusive option (the   Option  ) to obtain an exclusive, sublicenseable
(through multiple tiers) license from Pfenex under the Pfenex Pegaspargase Product IP to Develop, make, have made, use, sell, have sold, offer for sale and import and otherwise Commercialize the Pegaspargase Product in the Field in the Territory,
subject to payment of such amounts as may be agreed in any Option Exercise Agreement. The foregoing license shall permit Pfenex to retain the right to perform any Development or manufacturing activities that the Parties agree to allocate to Pfenex
in the Option Exercise Agreement.     (b) Development of Pegaspargase Product . Pfenex shall Develop the Pegaspargase Product only in
accordance with the mutually agreed Development Plan for such Product and with a primary objective for the Pegaspargase Product to have enzyme activity comparable to that of Oncaspar   . Pfenex
shall keep Jazz informed of its Development of the Pegaspargase Product through the JDC or more frequently upon Jazz s reasonable request, including the timeline, data and results of such Development activities. Pfenex shall notify Jazz through
the JDC if Pfenex proposes to amend the then-current Development Plan for the Pegaspargase Product. Promptly following completion of the corresponding activities under the Development Plan for the Pegaspargase Product, Pfenex shall provide Jazz with
Option Data Package 1 and, if Jazz has not previously delivered to Pfenex an Option Exercise Notice or if Jazz delivered an Option Exercise Notice but the Parties were unable to negotiate and enter into an Option Exercise Agreement pursuant to
Section 2.4(d), Option Data Package 2. Pfenex shall, within ten (10) Business Days following Jazz s written request, provide Jazz with any additional information reasonably requested by Jazz with respect to Option Data Package 1 or
Option Data Package 2, as applicable (provided that such additional information is in Pfenex s possession and does not require the expenditure of additional funds or the performance of additional studies to generate), or Pfenex shall notify
Jazz in writing during such period that Pfenex does not have such additional information in its possession, as the case may be.  
      16.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

(c) Option Exercise . Jazz may exercise the Option by providing written notice (an
  Option Exercise Notice  ) to Pfenex either:     (i)  during the twenty-five (25) Business Day period commencing
upon Jazz s receipt of Option Data Package 1; or     (ii)  to the extent that an Option Exercise Notice has not previously been
delivered by Jazz to Pfenex in connection with Option Data Package 1 or if Jazz delivered an Option Exercise Notice but the Parties were unable to negotiate and enter into an Option Exercise Agreement pursuant to Section 2.4(d), during the
twenty-five (25) Business Day period commencing upon Jazz s receipt of Option Data Package 2.    If Jazz does not provide an Option Exercise
Notice before the expiration of the period referenced in subsection (ii) above, then the Option shall lapse for the Pegaspargase Product and this Agreement shall be deemed terminated with respect to the Pegaspargase Product, and Pfenex may
decide, in its sole discretion, whether to terminate or continue the Development and Commercialization of the Pegaspargase Product, itself or in collaboration with one or more Third Parties, and the terms of Section 2.6(c)(iii) shall apply with
respect to such Product.     (d) Negotiation . Following Jazz s delivery of an Option Exercise Notice, the Parties shall use good
faith efforts to negotiate the terms and conditions of a definitive agreement regarding the Pegaspargase Product (an   Option Exercise Agreement  ) on an exclusive basis, meaning that Pfenex and its representatives shall not engage in
discussions with any Third Party regarding a potential grant of rights to such Third Party with respect to the Pegaspargase Product during the negotiation period. The terms of such Option Exercise Agreement shall be commercially reasonable and all
applicable non-financial terms and conditions shall be substantially the same as those in this Agreement, including decision-making, diligence, exclusivity (as applicable to the Pegaspargase Product), development, commercialization, manufacture,
rights and obligations of the Parties, risk-allocation, intellectual property-related matters, dispute resolution, and general agreement structure, but excluding any rights of first negotiation or other rights except solely with respect to the
Pegaspargase Product. Notwithstanding the foregoing, under the Option Exercise Agreement, Pfenex may opt-in to contribute to the Development costs of the Pegaspargase Product, and upon such opt-in, shall be responsible for between [***] and [***] of
the Development costs in Pfenex s discretion. The Option Exercise Agreement will also set forth usual and customary economic terms similar to those of this Agreement, including an upfront payment, clinical developmental and commercial milestone
payments, and royalty payments, which payments shall take into account Pfenex s level of contribution to the Development costs of the Pegaspargase Product. Without limiting the foregoing, the economic terms of the Option Exercise Agreement will
reflect the level of development or commercial funding and risk assumed by each Party (taking into account Pfenex s investment and risk prior to the Option Exercise Notice) and include the period over which royalties would be paid, as well as
applicable deductions from royalty payments based upon royalty stacking for third party intellectual property (substantially the same as Section 6.5(c) herein) and generic competition.  
  (e)  If the Parties are unable to reach agreement upon and do not enter into a mutually acceptable Option Exercise Agreement within
three (3) months from Jazz s delivery of  
      17.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

the Option Exercise Notice, then either Party shall have the right to refer the matter for at least one in-person meeting (or telephone call if an in-person meeting is impractical) between the
Parties  respective Executive Officers. If the Parties are unable to reach mutual agreement on the terms of the Option Exercise Agreement within such three (3)-month period, Jazz may have the terms and conditions of the Option Exercise
Agreement determined by baseball arbitration in accordance with Section 12.2(b), and the Parties shall promptly enter into the Option Exercise Agreement on such terms decided by such arbitration; provided that Jazz initiates such arbitration
within sixty (60) days after such three (3)-month negotiation period. With respect to the arbitration process, the Parties shall work with the arbitrator, who will determine a reasonable framework for resolving the issues in dispute between the
Parties. This framework shall address a means to evaluate the overall economic value proposed by each party, the relative investments and risks assumed by each Party, the underlying assumptions in valuation models and the time-weighted
allocation of overall economic value through the combination of milestone and royalty payments.     2.5 ROFN Products .  
  (a) ROFN .   With respect to each ROFN Product, Pfenex hereby grants Jazz an exclusive right of first negotiation (the
  ROFN  ) to obtain an exclusive, sublicenseable (through multiple tiers) license from Pfenex under the Pfenex ROFN Product IP for such ROFN Product to Develop, make, have made, use, sell, have sold, offer for sale and import and
otherwise Commercialize such ROFN Product in the Field in the Territory under a definitive agreement as negotiated by the Parties pursuant to Section 2.5(c) for such ROFN Product. Jazz shall have the right to exercise the ROFN for each ROFN
Product by delivery of written notice to Pfenex (a   ROFN Exercise Notice  ) within sixty (60) days of Jazz s receipt of the ROFN Data Package for such ROFN Product in accordance with the terms of this Section 2.5. If
Jazz does not provide a ROFN Exercise Notice to Pfenex within sixty (60) days after Jazz s receipt of the applicable ROFN Data Package, then Jazz s ROFN shall lapse only with respect to such ROFN Product.  
  (b) ROFN Data Package . Pfenex shall keep Jazz reasonably informed of material research and development activities with respect to each
ROFN Product through the regular meetings of the JDC, including by providing summaries in reasonable detail of any material data generated in connection with such activities. Following the completion of IND-enabling toxicology studies for a ROFN
Product and in all events prior to the filing of an IND for such ROFN Product, Pfenex shall provide to Jazz the ROFN Data Package for such ROFN Product. Pfenex shall, within ten (10) Business Days following Jazz s written request, provide
Jazz with any additional information reasonably requested by Jazz with respect to such ROFN Data Package (provided that such additional information is in Pfenex s possession and does not require the expenditure of additional funds or the
performance of additional studies to generate), or Pfenex shall notify Jazz in writing during such period that Pfenex does not have such additional information in its possession, as the case may be.  
  (c) Negotiation . Following Jazz s delivery of a ROFN Exercise Notice for a particular ROFN Product, the Parties shall use good
faith efforts to negotiate the terms and conditions of a definitive agreement regarding the ROFN Product (a   ROFN Exercise Agreement  ) on an exclusive basis, meaning that Pfenex and its representatives shall not engage
 
      18.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

in discussions with any Third Party regarding a potential grant of rights to such Third Party with respect to such ROFN Product during the negotiation period. The terms of such ROFN Exercise
Agreement shall be commercially reasonable and provide usual and customary terms for such arrangements. If the Parties are unable to reach agreement upon and do not enter into a mutually acceptable ROFN Exercise Agreement within three
(3) months from Jazz s delivery of the applicable ROFN Exercise Notice, then the Parties shall refer the matter for at least one in-person meeting (or telephone call if an in-person meeting is impractical) between the Parties 
respective Executive Officers.     (i)  With respect to any ROFN Product [***] (in each case, prior to the effect of any Half-Life
Extension Component) (a  [***]  ROFN Product  ), if the Parties are unable to reach mutual agreement on the terms of the ROFN Exercise Agreement within the three (3)-month period, Jazz may have the terms of the ROFN Exercise Agreement
determined by baseball arbitration in accordance with Section 12.2(b), and the Parties shall promptly execute the ROFN Exercise Agreement on terms and conditions decided by such arbitration; provided that Jazz initiates such arbitration within
sixty (60) days after such three (3)-month negotiation period. The arbitrator shall determine the terms and conditions of such ROFN Exercise Agreement generally taking into consideration the factors described in Section 2.4(d) for the
Option Exercise Agreement.     (ii)  With respect to any ROFN Product [***] (in each case, prior to the effect of any Half-Life
Extension Component) (a  [***]  ROFN Product  ), if the Parties are unable to reach mutual agreement on the terms of the ROFN Exercise Agreement within the three (3)-month period, then the ROFN shall lapse for such [***] ROFN Product,
and Pfenex may decide, in its sole discretion, whether to terminate or continue the development and commercialization of such [***] ROFN Product, itself or in collaboration with one or more Third Parties;  provided  that Pfenex shall notify
Jazz within thirty (30) days after a Third Party first communicates in writing to Pfenex the general terms applicable to the development and commercialization of (or granting an option to develop and commercialize) such [***] ROFN Product as
contained in a term sheet or proposed definitive agreement, [***]. Jazz further acknowledges and agrees that Pfenex has no obligation to conduct or continue any research or development of any ROFN Product.  
  2.6 Exclusivity .     (a)
Pfenex . Subject to the terms of this Section 2.6, during the Term, Pfenex shall not research, develop, manufacture or commercialize, itself or with or through any Affiliate or Third Party (including by performing any services on a contract
basis or activities on a Third Party product), any product containing [***] except for (i) the manufacture of HemOnc Products for supply to Jazz and its Affiliates under this Agreement; (ii) the Development of the Pegaspargase Product
under the corresponding Development Plan and any activities agreed to be conducted by Pfenex for such Pegaspargase Product under any Option Exercise Agreement; (iii) the development of the applicable ROFN Product for purposes of developing the
ROFN Data Package for such ROFN Product; (iv) if the Parties enter into a ROFN Exercise Agreement for a particular ROFN Product, the manufacture of such ROFN Product for supply to Jazz and its Affiliates to the extent set forth in the
applicable ROFN Exercise Agreement; and (v) as provided in Sections 2.6(d)(i) and 2.6(e) below.  
      19.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

(b) Jazz .   Subject to the terms of this Section 2.6, from and after the
expiration of the last Assessment Period and thereafter during the Term, Jazz shall not research, develop, manufacture or commercialize, itself or with or through any Affiliate or Third Party (including by performing any services on a contract basis
or activities on a Third Party product), any product containing [***] for such product; (iii) Development, manufacture and Commercialization of HemOnc-Pf under this Agreement, HemOnc-NextGen under this Agreement, if Jazz exercises the Option,
the Pegaspargase Product in accordance with the Option Exercise Agreement, or if Jazz exercises its ROFN for a particular ROFN Product, such ROFN Product in accordance with the applicable ROFN Exercise Agreement and (iv) as provided in
subsection(e) below.     (c) Termination of Exclusivity . The exclusivity obligations set forth in Section 2.6(a) and
(b) shall terminate as follows:     (i)  If this Agreement is terminated with respect to HemOnc-Pf, the exclusivity obligations
set forth in Section 2.6(a) and (b) shall thereafter no longer apply with respect to products containing [***].     (ii)  If
this Agreement is terminated with respect to HemOnc-NextGen, the exclusivity obligations set forth in Section 2.6(a) and (b) shall thereafter no longer apply with respect to products containing [***].  
  (iii)  If either this Agreement is terminated with respect to the Pegaspargase Product or the Option expires without Option Exercise,
the exclusivity obligations set forth in Section 2.6(a) and (b) shall no longer apply with respect to products containing or comprising [***]; provided that the ROFN in Section 2.5 shall continue to apply.  
 For clarity, clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above are cumulative (i.e., more than one clause may apply).  
  (d) ROFN Products .  
  (i)  In the event that, with respect to a particular [***] ROFN Product, Jazz declines its ROFN, Jazz s ROFN expires without
delivery by Jazz to Pfenex of a ROFN Exercise Notice or the Parties do not enter into a ROFN Exercise Agreement for such ROFN Product in accordance with the terms of Section 2.5, then Sections 2.6(a) shall no longer apply to such ROFN Product.
Pfenex may not file an IND for a [***] ROFN Product until Jazz declines its ROFN, Jazz s ROFN expires without delivery by Jazz to Pfenex of a ROFN Exercise Notice, or the Parties fail to enter into a ROFN Exercise Agreement for such ROFN
Product in accordance with the terms of Section 2.5.     (ii)  Pfenex s obligations under Section 2.6(a) shall continue
to apply to any [***] ROFN Product, regardless of whether Jazz declines its ROFN, Jazz s ROFN expires without delivery by Jazz to Pfenex of a ROFN Exercise Notice, or the Parties fail to enter into a definitive ROFN Exercise Agreement.  
  (e) Acquisition of Competing Product . In the event that a Third Party becomes an Affiliate of a Party after the Effective Date through
merger, acquisition,  
      20.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

consolidation or other similar transaction, and as of the closing date of such transaction, such Third Party is engaged in the research, development, manufacture or commercialization of a product
that, if conducted by such Party, would cause such Party to be in breach of its exclusivity obligations set forth above (a   Competing Program  ), then:  
  (i)  if such transaction results in a Change of Control of such Party, then such new Affiliate shall have the right to continue such
Competing Program and such continuation shall not constitute a breach of such Party s exclusivity obligations set forth in Section 2.6(a) or 2.6(b), respectively; provided that such new Affiliate conducts such Competing Program
independently of the activities of this Agreement and does not use any of the other Party s intellectual property rights or Confidential Information (except as may be separately licensed by such other Party to such new Affiliate) in the conduct
of such Competing Program; and     (ii)  if such transaction does not result in a Change of Control of such Party, then such Party and
its new Affiliate shall have twelve (12) months from the closing date of such transaction to wind down or complete the divestiture of such Competing Program, and its new Affiliate s conduct of such Competing Program during such twelve
(12)-month period shall not be deemed a breach of such Party s exclusivity obligations set forth above; provided that such new Affiliate conducts such Competing Program during such twelve (12)-month period independently of the activities of
this Agreement and does not use any of the other Party s intellectual property or Confidential Information (except as may be separately licensed by such other Party to such new Affiliate) in the conduct of such Competing Program.
  Divestiture  , as used in this Section 2.6(e)(ii), means the sale or transfer of rights to the Competing Program to a Third Party without receiving a continuing share of profit, royalty payment or other economic interest in the
success of such Competing Program.     ARTICLE 3   
  GOVERNANCE      3.1 Joint
Development Committee and Joint Management Team and .     (a) Formation and Role . Promptly, and in any event within thirty
(30) days after the Effective Date, the Parties shall establish a joint development committee (the   Joint Development Committee   or   JDC  ) and such JDC will:  
  (i)  coordinate the activities of the Parties under the Development Plans, including facilitating information exchange and discussions
between the Parties with respect to the Development of Products, the progress and results (whether preliminary or final) under the Development Plans and ROFN Products;  
  (ii)  review and discuss any proposed amendments or revisions to the Development Plans;  
  (iii)  review and discuss any cost to be shared by the Parties;  
      21.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

(iv)  oversee all activities relating to the manufacturing-related activities, including
Product supply, process development/optimization and any related procedures;     (v)  oversee technology transfer from Pfenex to
Jazz s Third Party manufacturer, if applicable;     (vi)  establish such Working Groups as it deems necessary to achieve the
objectives and intent of this Agreement; and     (vii)  perform such other functions as appropriate to further the purposes of this
Agreement, as expressly set forth in this Agreement or as agreed by the Parties in writing.    It is the expectation of the Parties that the
JDC will set forth the general principles and strategies upon which the Parties will perform their activities under the Development Plans. The JDC shall have only the powers expressly assigned to it in this Section 3.1 and all other matters are
expressly excluded. In no event shall the JDC have the right to amend, modify, or waive compliance with this Agreement.     (b) 
 Members . Each Party shall initially appoint up to three (3) representatives to the JDC. Each Party may change the number of its representatives and may replace its representatives at any time upon written notice to the other Party;
provided that neither Party shall have more than three (3) representatives in the JDC and each representative shall be an officer or employee of the applicable Party or its Affiliate having sufficient experience and responsibility within such
Party to make decisions arising within the scope of the JDC s responsibilities. The JDC shall have a chairperson selected by Jazz. The role of the chairperson shall be to convene and preside at the meetings of the JDC and to ensure the
preparation of meeting minutes, but the chairperson shall have no additional powers or rights beyond those held by other JDC representatives.  
  (c) Meetings . The JDC shall meet at least one (1) time per calendar quarter, unless the Parties mutually agree in writing to a
different frequency for such meetings. Either Party may also call a special meeting of the JDC (by videoconference or teleconference) by at least ten (10) Business Days  prior written notice to the other Party, and such Party shall provide
the JDC, no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the special meeting, with materials reasonably adequate to enable informed discussion or decision-making, as applicable. No later than ten (10) Business Days prior to any meeting of
the JDC, the chairperson of the JDC shall prepare and circulate an agenda for such meeting; provided, however, that either Party may propose additional topics to be included on such agenda, either prior to or in the course of such meeting. The JDC
may meet in person, by videoconference or by teleconference, as the Parties agree. Each Party shall bear the expense of its respective JDC members  participation in JDC meetings. Meetings of the JDC shall be effective only if at least one
(1) representative of each Party is present or participating in such meeting. The chairperson of the JDC shall be responsible for preparing written minutes of all JDC meetings that reflect, without limitation, all material actions taken at such
meeting and further issues to be considered. The JDC chairperson shall send draft meeting minutes to each member of the JDC for review and approval within ten (10) Business Days after each JDC meeting. Such minutes shall be deemed approved
unless one or  
      22.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

more members of the JDC object to the accuracy of such minutes within ten (10) Business Days of receipt. The JDC may be disbanded at any time by the mutual agreement of the Parties, it being
understood that matters previously to be considered by the JDC shall be considered directly by the Parties in good faith with the decision making allocation as described below in the event of any dispute on such matters.  
  3.2 Joint Management Team   
  (a) Formation . Promptly, and in any event within thirty (30) days after the Effective Date, the Parties shall establish a joint
management team (the   Joint Management Team   or   JMT  ) and such JMT will:     (i)  Manage and
coordinate the strategic relationship of the Parties in the performance of the obligations under this Agreement; and     (ii)  Address
and resolve any disputes of the JDC.     (b) Members . Each Party shall appoint one senior executive to the JMT. Each Party may replace
its representative at any time upon written notice to the other Party; provided that each representative shall be an executive of the applicable Party or its Affiliate having sufficient experience and responsibility within such Party to make
decisions arising within the scope of the JMT s responsibilities.     (c) Meetings . The JMT shall meet at least one (1) time
per calendar year. Either Party may also call a special meeting of the JMT (by videoconference or teleconference) by at least ten (10) Business Days  prior written notice to the other Party, and such Party shall provide the other member,
no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the special meeting, with materials reasonably adequate to enable informed discussion or decision-making, as applicable. The JMT may meet in person, by videoconference or by teleconference, as the
Parties agree. Each Party shall bear the expense of its respective JMT members  participation in JMT meetings. Meetings of the JMT shall be effective only if both representatives are present or participating in such meeting.  
  3.3 Decision Making . The JDC and JMT each shall strive to act by consensus. The representatives from each Party on the JDC will have,
collectively, one (1) vote on behalf of that Party; each Party will have one vote on the JMT. If the JDC is unable to reach consensus on any matter within the JDC s authority within thirty (30) days after first considering such
matter, then such matter shall be referred to the JMT for resolution. If the JMT, after good faith efforts and consideration of the other party s position, cannot resolve such matter within thirty (30) days after such matter has been
referred to the JMT, then:     (a)  Jazz shall have the final decision making authority with respect to all matters relating to the
HemOnc Products; provided that such final decision making authority shall not apply with respect to (i) the prosecution and enforcement of Pfenex Patents (for which decisions shall be made as set forth in Sections 7.3 and 7.4), and
(ii) material changes to the Pfenex Expression Feasibility Activities;  
      23.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

(b)  prior to Option Exercise, Pfenex shall have the final decision making authority with
respect to all matters relating to the development of the Pegaspargase Product; provided that Pfenex may not materially change any of its development obligations outlined in the applicable Development Plan with respect to the Pegaspargase Product
without Jazz s prior written consent; and     (c)  prior to ROFN Exercise with respect to the applicable ROFN Product, Pfenex
shall have the final decision making authority with respect to all matters relating to the development of such ROFN Product.  
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Party may not exercise such final decision making authority in a manner that would increase the financial
obligations of the other Party.     3.4 Working Groups . From time to time, the JDC may establish and delegate duties to other
committees, sub-committees or directed teams (each, a   Working Group  ) on an  as-needed  basis to oversee particular projects or activities, which delegation shall be reflected in the minutes of the meetings of the JDC.
For illustrative purposes only, the JDC may establish a Working Group focused on CMC matters and a Working Group focused on intellectual property matters. Each Working Group shall be constituted and shall operate as the JDC determines and shall
report to the JDC. Each Working Group and its activities shall be subject to the oversight, review and approval of the JDC. In no event shall the authority of the Working Group exceed that specified for the JDC in Section 3.1(a). Any
disagreement between the designees of Pfenex and of Jazz on a Working Group shall be referred to the JDC for resolution.     ARTICLE 4
     DEVELOPMENT; MANUFACTURE; REGULATORY   
  4.1 Overview .   The Parties agree to conduct Development of Products as provided in this Article 4.  
  4.2 Development Programs .  
  (a) General . The Parties shall undertake, using Commercially Reasonable Efforts, a development program to Develop each Product (with
respect to each Product, the   Development Program  ) in accordance with the terms of this Article 4. Development of each Product under this Agreement by the Parties will be conducted pursuant to a development plan (with respect to
each Product, the   Development Plan  ) that describes all Development activities to be conducted by the Parties in an initial twelve (12)-month period and, after expiry of the applicable Assessment Period, in a twenty-four (24)-month
period, including to the extent applicable for the period included under such plan: (i) the proposed overall program of Development for such Product in the Territory, including preclinical studies, toxicology, formulation, process development,
supply, manufacturing technology transfer, clinical studies, regulatory plans and other elements of obtaining Regulatory Approval(s) of such Product, and (ii) the tasks allocated to each Party under the Development Program and estimated
timelines for such tasks and responsibilities. The Development Plan for each HemOnc Product shall also set forth the scope and timeline for completion of the Pfenex Expression Feasibility Activities and
 
      24.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

the Jazz Assessment Activities. In the event of any inconsistency between a Development Plan and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail.  
  (b) Initial Development Plans and Amendments . The Parties have set forth the initial Development Plan for each of the Development
Programs as   Exhibit C  . From time to time (at least on an annual basis), Jazz shall prepare proposed amendments, as appropriate, to the then-current Development Plans for the HemOnc Products and, prior to Option Exercise, Pfenex shall
prepare proposed amendments, as appropriate, to the then-current Development Plan for the Pegaspargase Product for review and discussion at the JDC. Following Option Exercise, the Development Plan for the Pegaspargase Product shall be prepared and
amended by the Parties as set forth in the Option Exercise Agreement. Once discussed by the JDC (and as amended based on such discussion), each amended Development Plan shall become effective and supersede the previous Development Plan as of the
date of approval by the applicable Party.     4.3 Allocation of Development Responsibilities .    
  (a) HemOnc Products . Subject to Pfenex s performance of the Pfenex Expression Feasibility Activities and Section 4.7, Jazz
shall be responsible for conducting the Jazz Assessment Activities and all Development (other than manufacturing process development) of the HemOnc Products, including all activities during the applicable Assessment Period and all pre-clinical and
clinical studies in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.     (b) Pegaspargase Product . Prior to Option Exercise, Pfenex shall
be solely responsible, at its expense, for all Development of the Pegaspargase Product, including the manufacturing and supply of the Pegaspargase Product for Development use. Following Option Exercise, the responsibilities for the Development of
the Pegaspargase Product shall be allocated between the Parties as agreed by the Parties under the Option Exercise Agreement.     4.4
Development Standards of Conduct . After the expiration of the applicable Assessment Period, Jazz shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to Develop the HemOnc Products for the Lead Indication in the United States and to achieve the Development
milestones numbered 5 and 6 referenced in   Exhibit 6 . 3   that specifically relate to the Lead Indication in the United States. For clarity, Jazz s Development obligations under this Section 4.4 do not require Jazz to
Develop the HemOnc Products in more than one subtype, subgroup, or line of treatment for the Lead Indication. Pfenex shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to Develop the manufacturing process for the HemOnc Products as set forth in the
Development Plans for such Products and to Develop the Pegaspargase Product for the United States. Without limiting the foregoing, each Party shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to carry out the tasks assigned to it under the respective
Development Plans, and each Party shall conduct its activities under the Development Plans in a good scientific manner.     4.5
Development Records and Reports .   Each Party shall maintain complete, current and accurate records of all Development activities conducted by it hereunder, and all Information resulting from such activities. Such records shall accurately
and completely reflect all work done and results achieved in the performance of the Development activities in good scientific manner appropriate for regulatory and patent purposes.  
      25.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

4.6 Development Reports . Each Party shall keep the JDC reasonably informed on the
Development activities performed by such Party under this Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing, at each regularly scheduled JDC meeting, each Party shall provide the JDC with a summary report of the Development or manufacturing activity
performed by it since the last JDC meeting and the results thereof. The JDC shall discuss the progress and results of the Parties  Development or manufacturing activity and each Party shall promptly respond to the other Party s reasonable
questions or requests for additional information relating to such Development. Notwithstanding the foregoing, during the applicable Assessment Period, Jazz shall only be obligated to share with Pfenex a high level plan for its activities with
respect to such HemOnc Product during such time period.     4.7 Process Development; Manufacture of Products   
  (a) Process Development .   Each Party shall be responsible, at its expense, for manufacturing process development in accordance
with the applicable Development Plan. The Development Plan for each HemOnc Product shall set forth the timeline and the Parties  respective activities for the development of the manufacturing process for each such HemOnc Product, to be
generally assigned to each Party consistent with the table below for each such HemOnc Product. In addition, manufacturing process development activities shall include technology transfer to Third Party manufacturers or Third Party research
organizations for scale up and production of materials for clinical trials, and all other such activities related to development and validation of a commercial manufacturing process. Further, the Development Plan for each HemOnc Product shall set
forth the criteria with respect to the manufacturing process for such HemOnc Product that must be satisfied prior to the transfer of such manufacturing process pursuant to Section 4.7(b) (with respect to such HemOnc Product, the
  Manufacturing Process Transfer Criteria  ). Each Party shall provide periodic written reports on its Development of the applicable manufacturing process.      

Pfenex Activity   
    
  Jazz Activity   

[***]  
    
 [***]  
 
   [***]  
    
 [***]  
 
   [***]  

[***]  
    
 [***]  
 
   [***]  
    
 [***]  
 
   [***]  
    
 [***]  
 
   [***]  
    
 [***]  
 
   [***]  
    
 [***]  
    (b) Manufacturing Process Transfer .  
  (i)  At Jazz s request after achievement of the Manufacturing Process Transfer Criteria with respect to the applicable HemOnc
Product, Pfenex shall transfer, at its expense, Pfenex s manufacturing process for such HemOnc Product to Jazz, its Affiliate, or a Third Party manufacturer, in Jazz s sole discretion (with respect to such HemOnc Product, the
  Manufacturing Process Transfer  ). For clarity, Pfenex shall not be required to perform more  
      26.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

than a maximum of two (2) Manufacturing Process Transfers (i.e., one for each HemOnc Product). If the Manufacturing Process Transfer is to a Third Party manufacturer for commercial supply of
the applicable Product, then the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to agree on the Third Party manufacturer, but if the Parties are unable to agree, Jazz may select the Third Party manufacturer;  provided  that Pfenex may reasonably object
to any proposed Third Party manufacturer on the basis of reasonable concerns regarding the protection of Pfenex s Confidential Information or intellectual property rights based on the Third Party manufacturer s history of patent
infringement or misappropriation or specific geographic concerns. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if Jazz requests that Pfenex perform the Manufacturing Process Transfer with respect to the applicable HemOnc Product prior
to achievement of the Manufacturing Process Transfer Criteria for such HemOnc Product, then, provided that the Parties agree in writing (such agreement not to be unreasonably withheld) with respect to alternative criteria for such Manufacturing
Process Transfer following discussion of any risk factors reasonably identified by Pfenex in response to such request, Pfenex shall perform such Manufacturing Process Transfer, at its expense, pursuant to such alternative criteria. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Pfenex shall perform a Manufacturing Process Transfer for an applicable Product at Jazz s request (A) not later than the applicable time set forth in the Development Plan and/or (B) if after good faith discussions with
Pfenex with an opportunity for Pfenex to take corrective action, Jazz reasonably determines that Pfenex will be unable achieve the Manufacturing Process Transfer Criteria by the applicable time set forth in the Development Plan.  
  (ii)  The Parties shall conduct the applicable Manufacturing Process Transfer in accordance with this Section 4.7 and in
accordance with a written Manufacturing Process Transfer plan to be mutually and reasonably agreed by the Parties prior to such Manufacturing Process Transfer. The Manufacturing Process Transfer shall include the transfer of all data, technical
information, documents, and materials necessary or useful to enable Jazz or such Affiliate or Third Party manufacturer, as applicable, to manufacture and supply the applicable HemOnc Product in compliance with the applicable specifications for
Development and Commercialization use and the generally accepted practices and principles for such technology transfer. The Manufacturing Process Transfer also includes reasonable and customary on-site support by Pfenex at the Third Party
manufacturer s facilities during the Manufacturing Process Transfer, including participation by Pfenex in technical exchange meetings, review by Pfenex of draft batch records, and provision by Pfenex of technical supervision during any batches
necessary to demonstrate that the Manufacturing Process Transfer is complete. Following the Manufacturing Process Transfer for each HemOnc Product and upon Jazz s reasonable request, Pfenex [***], as applicable, to implement the manufacturing
process and analytical methods for such HemOnc Product developed by Pfenex without additional compensation and (B) such additional technical assistance (including access to its technical personnel) as may be requested by Jazz for compensation
at Pfenex s then applicable hourly rates, in each case (A) and (B) subject to reimbursement of Pfenex s documented travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in performing providing such assistance within thirty
(30) days of invoice therefor. Jazz may use any unused portion of Pfenex s [***] with respect to the [***] following Manufacturing Process Transfer.  
  (c) Product Supply . Prior to Manufacturing Process Transfer under Section 4.7(b) (if applicable), Pfenex shall use reasonable
efforts to manufacture and supply to  
      27.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

Jazz all non-GMP HemOnc Products reasonably required for pre-clinical and process development studies in accordance with the specifications, quantities and timeline set forth in the applicable
Development Plan. After the completion of a Manufacturing Process Transfer for a HemOnc Product, Jazz shall be responsible, at its expense and through Jazz, its Affiliates or a designated Third Party manufacturer, for the manufacture and supply of
all HemOnc Product required for use in the remaining clinical Development and the Commercialization of such HemOnc Product. Upon Jazz s request, at a reasonable time during the manufacturing development process, the Parties shall negotiate in
good faith for a reasonable period of time, not to exceed ninety (90) days or such longer period as mutually agreed by the Parties, the terms and conditions of a supply agreement pursuant to which Pfenex will be Jazz s supplier of one or
both GMP HemOnc Products for use in clinical Development and Commercialization, on a non-exclusive or exclusive basis as agreed by the Parties. For clarity, neither Party shall be required to enter into such an agreement except on such terms as are
acceptable to such Party in its sole and absolute discretion.     4.8 Regulatory Matters for HemOnc Products .  
  (a) Jazz Responsibilities . Except as expressly set forth herein, Jazz shall be responsible, at its expense, for all regulatory
activities required to obtain and maintain Regulatory Approval for the HemOnc Products, including the preparation of all Regulatory Materials and all communications and interactions with Regulatory Authorities with respect to the HemOnc Products and
pharmacovigilance reporting. Jazz shall own all Regulatory Materials (including all INDs, BLAs, MAAs and Regulatory Approvals) for the HemOnc Products. Pfenex shall not submit any Regulatory Materials for the HemOnc Products without the prior
written consent of Jazz. Except as expressly requested by Jazz in writing, Pfenex shall not communicate with any Regulatory Authority with respect to the HemOnc Products, unless so required to comply with applicable Laws, in which case Pfenex shall
promptly notify Jazz of such requirement under applicable Laws and, to the extent practicable and permitted under applicable Laws, shall submit any proposed communication to Jazz for prior approval or, if not practicable or permitted, shall provide
Jazz with a copy or summary thereof as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter.     (b) Regulatory Collaboration . Upon Jazz s
request, Pfenex shall provide reasonable support with respect to CMC (including writing applicable M3 modules of the International Conference on Harmonisation Common Technical Document specifically related to the production strains with respect to
the applicable Product), pharmacovigilance, and other matters for the HemOnc Products in connection with Jazz s regulatory activities. Without limiting the foregoing, at the direction of Jazz, the Parties shall collaborate and work together to
prepare CMC related Regulatory Materials for the HemOnc Products and the JDC may establish a Working Group to coordinate and oversee such regulatory work.  
  (c) Regulatory Information Sharing . Jazz shall lead all interactions with Regulatory Authorities with respect to the HemOnc Products
and shall keep Pfenex reasonably informed on the regulatory development for the HemOnc Products through the JDC. Jazz shall provide Pfenex with drafts of all Regulatory Materials prepared by Jazz for the HemOnc Products reasonably in advance of
filing where practicable for Pfenex s review and comment. Jazz will consider in good faith any such comments where practicable. Jazz shall also promptly  
      28.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

provide Pfenex with copies of any material Regulatory Materials submitted or received by Jazz for the HemOnc Products.  
  (d) Regulatory Meetings . At each regularly scheduled JDC meeting, Jazz shall provide Pfenex with a list and schedule of any in-person
meetings or teleconferences with Regulatory Authorities planned for the next calendar quarter that relate to the HemOnc Products. In addition, Jazz shall notify Pfenex as soon as reasonably possible if Jazz becomes aware of any additional such
meetings or teleconferences that become scheduled for such calendar quarter. Pfenex shall provide all reasonable assistance requested by Jazz to prepare for any such meeting or teleconference. Upon either Party s request and to the extent
permitted by applicable Laws, Pfenex shall have the right to have a representative present in all such meetings and teleconferences; provided, however, Pfenex may only actively participate in such meeting with respect to topics that pertain to
activities performed by Pfenex under the applicable Development Plan and the content of such participation is subject to the prior agreement of the Parties.  
  (e) Regulatory Inspection .  
  (i)  Pfenex shall promptly (and in any event within one (1) Business Day of becoming aware thereof) notify Jazz of any Regulatory
Authority inspections relating to any HemOnc Product or related activities under the applicable Development Plan. Jazz shall have the right to be present at any such inspections and shall have the opportunity to provide, review and comment on any
responses that may be required. Pfenex shall provide Jazz with copies of all materials, correspondence, statements, forms and records received or generated pursuant to any such inspection. In addition to such obligations with respect to Regulatory
Authority inspections, Pfenex shall promptly (and in any event within one (1) Business Day following receipt thereof) notify Jazz of any information it receives regarding any threatened or pending action or communication by or from any Third
Party, including a Regulatory Authority, that may materially affect the Development, manufacturing, Commercialization or regulatory status of HemOnc Products.  
  (ii)  Jazz shall promptly (and in any event within one (1) Business Day of becoming aware thereof) notify Pfenex of any Regulatory
Authority inspections relating specifically to the manufacturing process developed by Pfenex for any HemOnc Product (or any modified version of such manufacturing process for such HemOnc Product) and conducted by Jazz, its Affiliate or any Third
Party manufacturer. Jazz shall provide Pfenex with copies of all materials, correspondence, statements, forms and records received or generated pursuant to any such inspection to which it has access and authority to disclose; provided that Jazz
shall only provide Pfenex with any such materials received by a Third Party to the extent permitted under Jazz s agreement with such Third Party. In addition to such obligations with respect to Regulatory Authority inspections, Jazz shall
promptly (and in any event within one (1) Business Day following receipt thereof) notify Pfenex of any information it receives regarding any threatened or pending action or communication by or from any Third Party, including a Regulatory
Authority, that may materially affect the manufacturing or regulatory status of HemOnc Products; provided that Jazz shall only provide Pfenex with any such information received by a Third Party to the extent permitted under Jazz s agreement
with such Third Party.  
      29.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

4.9 Regulatory Matters for Pegaspargase Product . Prior to Option Exercise, Pfenex shall be
solely responsible for all regulatory activities for the Pegaspargase Product, shall be solely responsible for all interactions with Regulatory Authorities with respect to the Pegaspargase Product and shall keep Jazz reasonably informed on
regulatory developments for the Pegaspargase Product through the JDC. After Option Exercise, the responsibilities for the regulatory activities required to obtain and maintain Regulatory Approval of the Pegaspargase Product shall be allocated
between the Parties as agreed by the Parties under the Option Exercise Agreement.     4.10 Subcontracts . Each Party may perform its
Development Program obligations under this Agreement through one or more subcontractors, provided that (a) Pfenex s subcontractors shall be subject to Jazz s prior written approval (except that, in the case of the Development Program
for the Pegaspargase Product prior to Option Exercise, Pfenex may engage subcontractors without such approval), (b) the subcontracting Party shall remain responsible for the work delegated to, and payment to (subject to Section 6.2(b)),
its subcontractors to the same extent it would if it had done such work itself and (c) the subcontracting Party shall enter into a written agreement with the subcontractor that is consistent with this Agreement, including provisions relating to
confidentiality and intellectual property rights that are at least as restrictive as those in this Agreement. The subcontracting Party shall enforce any breach by a subcontractor under such subcontracting agreement for the non-subcontracting
Party s benefit and on its behalf.     ARTICLE 5   
  COMMERCIALIZATION      5.1
Commercialization Responsibilities . Subject to the terms hereof, Jazz will have the exclusive right to conduct, and will be solely responsible for all aspects of, the Commercialization of HemOnc Products and, subject to Option Exercise, the
Pegaspargase Product in the Field in the Territory, including: (a) developing and executing a commercial launch and pre-launch plan; (b) negotiating with applicable Governmental Authorities regarding the price and reimbursement status of
Products; (c) marketing and promotion; (d) booking sales and distribution and performance of related services; (e) handling all aspects of order processing, invoicing and collection, inventory and receivables; (f) providing
customer support, including handling medical queries, and performing other related functions; (g) conforming its practices and procedures to applicable Laws relating to the marketing, detailing and promotion of Products in the Territory; and
(h) manufacturing of Products for commercial use (subject to the terms of any definitive manufacturing agreement between the Parties). As between the Parties, Jazz shall bear all of its costs and expenses incurred in connection with the
Commercialization activities for the HemOnc Products.     5.2 Commercial Diligence; Report . After Jazz has obtained Regulatory
Approval for a HemOnc Product, Jazz shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to Commercialize such HemOnc Product for the Lead Indication in the United States. For clarity, Jazz s Commercialization obligations under this Section 5.2 do
not require Jazz to Commercialize the applicable HemOnc Product in more than one subtype, subgroup, or line of treatment of the Lead Indication. In addition, subject to Option Exercise, Jazz will use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to Commercialize
the Pegaspargase Product following Regulatory Approval in the United  
      30.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

States. On an annual basis, Jazz shall provide Pfenex with a summary of Jazz s significant Commercialization activities with respect to each Product in the Territory since the last such
report.     ARTICLE 6   
  COMPENSATION      6.1
Upfront Payments . Within two (2) Business Days after the Effective Date, Jazz shall pay to Pfenex a one-time, non-refundable (i) upfront payment of [***] Dollars ($[***]) in consideration of the licenses and related rights granted
under this Agreement for HemOnc-NextGen; and (ii) option payment of [***] Dollars ($[***]) in consideration of the Option granted under Section 2.4 (together, such amounts, the   Upfront Payments  ).  
  6.2 Development Cost  s .  
  (a) General . Except as expressly set forth herein, each Party shall be responsible for the cost and expenses it incurs to carry out the
Development work under the Development Plans, including in the case of Pfenex, the cost and expense of the manufacturing technology transfer under Section 4.7(b).  
  (b) HemOnc Products . If Pfenex is required to perform any Development activities for the HemOnc Products under the applicable
Development Plan or at Jazz s request, the Parties shall promptly agree on a budget for such activities either in the applicable Development Plan or otherwise prior to the commencement of the applicable activity.  
  (i)  If Pfenex engages a Third Party to perform such activities because Pfenex does not have the capability to perform such Development
activities, then Jazz shall reimburse Pfenex for its reasonable and documented actual expenses paid by Pfenex to Third Parties to perform such Development activities, without markup, to the extent such expenses do not exceed a mutually agreed
written budget for such activities or an amount otherwise approved in advance and in writing by Jazz. Within five (5) Business Days after the end of each month during which Pfenex incurred any such expenses, Pfenex shall provide Jazz with a
good faith estimate of all amounts paid to Third Parties in such month, without markup, to engage such Third Party to conduct such Development activities. Within thirty (30) days after the end of each month during which Pfenex incurred any such
expenses, Pfenex shall provide Jazz with an invoice and reasonable supporting documentation for all amounts paid to Third Parties in such month, without markup, to engage such Third Party to conduct such Development activities (up to the amount
budgeted for such Development activities or otherwise approved in writing by Jazz). Jazz shall pay each such invoice within forty-five (45) days after receipt thereof, except to the extent disputed by Jazz in good faith. Jazz shall notify
Pfenex if it disputes any portion of any such invoice prior to the due date for payment. For clarity, Jazz shall not be required to pay any invoiced amount for a particular Development activity that exceeds the amount budgeted or approved for such
activity. Jazz shall notify Pfenex if it disputes any portion of any such invoice within ten (10) Business Days from receipt of the invoice.  
  (ii)  Pfenex shall perform any Development activities for the HemOnc Products pursuant to the applicable Development Plan at its sole
cost and expense;  provided , that  
      31.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

Jazz shall reimburse Pfenex for documented internal expenses, at the rate of [***], in excess of [***] actually incurred by Pfenex to generate the Assessment Materials for HemOnc-NextGen that are
within the approved budget in the Development Plan for such activities.     (c) Pegaspargase Product . Prior to Option Exercise, Pfenex
shall be solely responsible for all cost and expenses it incurs for the Development of the Pegaspargase Product. After Option Exercise, the Parties will allocate the Development cost for the Pegaspargase Product as agreed by the Parties under the
Option Exercise Agreement.     6.3 Development Milestone Payments for HemOnc Products . Jazz shall notify Pfenex within ten
(10) days after the achievement by the applicable Party or its Affiliates or sublicensees of the development milestone events set forth on   Exhibit 6 . 3  . Thereafter, Pfenex shall invoice Jazz for the corresponding milestone
payment set forth on   Exhibit 6 . 3  , and Jazz shall pay each such invoice within forty-five (45) days after receipt thereof. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, concurrently with the delivery of materials set forth in
milestone payments numbered 1 and 2 listed on   Exhibit 6 . 3  , Pfenex shall invoice Jazz for the corresponding milestone payment, and Jazz shall pay each invoice within five (5) Business Days after receipt thereof. Each payment
set forth in this Section 6.3 shall be non-refundable and non-creditable.     (a)  Each milestone payment is payable one time
only, regardless of the number of times the corresponding event is achieved by a Product and regardless of the number of Products to achieve such event. Under no circumstances shall Jazz be obligated to pay Pfenex more than forty-six million Dollars
($46,000,000) pursuant to this Section 6.3.     (b)    EU Approval   means the later of (i) first achievement
of MAA approval in the European Union by the centralized procedure or in at least three of the five Major European Countries; and (b) first receipt of Pricing Approval in at least three Major European Countries, provided that Jazz uses
Commercially Reasonable Efforts to obtain such Pricing Approvals after the corresponding MAA approval.     (c)  For clarity, in the
case of development milestone events numbered 1 through 4 listed on   Exhibit 6.3   only, if any such higher numbered development milestone event for a particular HemOnc Product is achieved and any such lower numbered development milestone
event for such HemOnc Product has not yet been achieved for any reason, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, such lower numbered development milestone event shall be deemed to have been achieved and the corresponding development
milestone payment listed on   Exhibit 6.3   shall be payable simultaneously with the development milestone payment for achievement of such higher numbered development milestone event.  
  6.4 Sales Milestones for HemOnc-NextGen . Jazz shall notify Pfenex, concurrently with the delivery of the royalty report under
Section 6.5(d), after the end of the calendar quarter in which the aggregate annual Net Sales of HemOnc-NextGen by Jazz and its Affiliates and sublicensees first reaches each of the amounts specified on   Exhibit 6 . 4  .
Thereafter, Pfenex shall invoice Jazz for the corresponding milestone payment set forth on   Exhibit 6 . 4  , and Jazz shall pay each such invoice within thirty (30) days after receipt thereof. Each such sales milestone payment
shall be payable one time only. For clarity, the milestone payments in   Exhibit 6 . 4   shall be additive such that if more than one milestone below is met in the same calendar year, Jazz
 
      32.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

shall pay all applicable payments to Pfenex for that calendar year in accordance with this Section 6.4.  
  6.5 Royalties on HemOnc Products .  
  (a) Royalty Rates . Subject to Sections 6.5(b) and 6.5(c), Jazz shall pay to Pfenex royalties on aggregate annual Net Sales of HemOnc-Pf
and HemOnc-NextGen, as calculated by multiplying the applicable royalty rate by the corresponding amount of Net Sales of HemOnc-Pf and HemOnc-NextGen in each calendar year as set forth on   Exhibit 6 . 5(a)  . For clarity, Net Sales
and the applicable royalty rate shall be determined separately for each of HemOnc-Pf and HemOnc-NextGen.     (b) Royalty Term .
Royalties shall be paid under this Section 6.5, on a Product-by-Product basis, for so long as Jazz or any other Selling Party is Commercializing or having Commercialized the HemOnc Products (with respect to each Product, the   Royalty
Term  ).     (c)   Third Party Royalty Stacking . If Jazz obtains a license from a Third Party to any intellectual
property right in order to manufacture, import, sell or Commercialize a HemOnc Product, Jazz shall have the right to deduct, from the royalty payment that would otherwise have been due pursuant to this Section 6.5 with respect to Net Sales of
such HemOnc Product in the applicable country in a particular calendar quarter, an amount equal to [***] of the royalties paid by Jazz to such Third Party pursuant to such license on account of the sale of such HemOnc Product in such country during
such calendar quarter; [***]. Jazz shall not be entitled to any reduction for any Third Party payments made under any intellectual property licensed by Jazz from any Third Party as of the Effective Date or for any Jazz Extension IP.  
  (d)   Royalty Reports and Payments . Within forty-five (45) days after the end of each calendar quarter (or sixty
(60) days for the last calendar quarter of the calendar year) after the First Commercial Sale of any HemOnc Product, Jazz shall deliver to Pfenex a statement, on a country-by-country and Product-by-Product basis, of the amount of gross sales
and Net Sales of the HemOnc Products during the applicable calendar quarter and a calculation of the amount of royalty payment due on such sales for such calendar quarter, including royalty reduction under Section 6.5(c), if applicable.
Following receipt of each royalty report, Pfenex shall invoice Jazz for the royalty payment, and Jazz shall pay each such invoice within fifteen (15) days after receipt thereof.  
  (e) Third Party Payments . Pfenex will be solely responsible for all amounts owed to Third Parties pursuant to agreements between Pfenex
and Third Parties with respect to HemOnc Products.     6.6 HemOnc-Pf COGS Improvement Sharing . In addition to amounts payable under
Section 6.5, for HemOnc-Pf sold by Jazz and other Selling Parties in a particular calendar year, Jazz shall pay to Pfenex an amount equal to the COGS Improvement. Within sixty (60) days after the end of each calendar year after the First
Commercial Sale of HemOnc-Pf, Jazz shall deliver to Pfenex a statement of the calculation of COGS Variance in accordance with   Exhibit D   and amount of COGS Improvement sharing payment due for such calendar year.
 
      33.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

Following receipt of each such report, Pfenex shall invoice Jazz for the COGS Improvement sharing payment, and Jazz shall pay each such invoice within forty-five (45) days after receipt
thereof.     6.7 Foreign Exchange . The rate of exchange to be used in computing the amount of currency equivalent in Dollars of Net
Sales invoiced in other currencies shall be the rate used by Jazz in its financial reporting in accordance with applicable GAAP or other standard as then-used by Jazz.  
  6.8 Manner and Place of Payment .   All payments owed by Jazz under this Agreement shall be made by wire transfer in immediately
available funds to a bank and account designated in writing by Pfenex.     6.9 Records; Audits . Jazz agrees that it and all other
Selling Parties will maintain complete and accurate records in reasonably sufficient detail to permit Pfenex to confirm the accuracy of the calculation of royalty payments and COGS Improvement sharing payments, and the achievement of sales milestone
events. Upon reasonable prior notice, such records shall be available during regular business hours for a period of three (3) years from the end of the calendar year to which they pertain for examination, not more often than once each calendar
year, by an independent certified public accountant selected by Pfenex and reasonably acceptable to Jazz, for the sole purpose of verifying the accuracy of the financial reports furnished by Jazz pursuant to this Agreement. Any such auditor shall
enter into a confidentiality agreement with Jazz and shall not disclose Jazz s Confidential Information to Pfenex or to any Third Party, except to the extent such disclosure is necessary to verify the accuracy of the financial reports furnished
by Jazz or the amount of payments due by Jazz to Pfenex under this Agreement. Any amounts shown to be owed but unpaid shall be paid by Jazz to Pfenex, and any amounts showed to be overpaid will be refunded by Pfenex to Jazz, within forty-five
(45) days from the accountant s report. Pfenex shall bear the full cost of such audit unless such audit discloses an underpayment by Jazz of more than ten percent (10%) of the amount due, in which case Jazz shall bear the full cost of
such audit.       6.10 Taxes .  
  (a) Taxes on Income . Each Party shall be solely responsible for the payment of all taxes imposed on its share of income arising
directly or indirectly from the efforts of the Parties under this Agreement.     (b) Tax Cooperation .   The Parties agree to
cooperate with one another and use reasonable efforts to reduce or eliminate tax withholding or similar obligations in respect of royalties, milestone payments, and other payments made by Jazz to Pfenex under this Agreement. To the extent Jazz is
required to deduct and withhold taxes on any payment to Pfenex, Jazz shall deduct the amounts of such taxes from the payment to Pfenex, pay such amounts to the proper Governmental Authority in a timely manner and promptly transmit to Pfenex an
official tax certificate or other evidence of such withholding sufficient to enable Pfenex to claim such payment of taxes. Pfenex shall provide Jazz any tax forms that may be reasonably necessary in order for Jazz not to withhold tax or to withhold
tax at a reduced rate under an applicable bilateral income tax treaty. Each Party shall provide the other with  
      34.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

reasonable assistance to enable the recovery, as permitted by applicable Laws, of withholding taxes, value added taxes, or similar obligations resulting from payments made under this Agreement,
such recovery to be for the benefit of the Party bearing such withholding tax or value added tax.     (c) Withholding Tax Action . If
either Party (or its Affiliates or successors) is required to make a payment to the other Party subject to a deduction or withholding of tax, then (A) if such deduction or withholding of tax obligation arises as a result of any action by the
first Party, such as a Change of Control, change of domicile, or assignment by such first Party and such action has the effect of increasing the amount of tax deducted or withheld (a   Withholding Tax Action  ), then the amount
payable by the Party taking such Withholding Tax Action (in respect of which such increased deduction or withholding is required to be made) shall be increased by the amount necessary (the   Additional Amounts  ) to ensure that the
other Party receives the same amount that it would have received had no such Withholding Tax Action occurred, and (B) the Additional Amounts shall be deducted and withheld by the Party paying the Additional Amounts. The Additional Amounts,
along with any other tax deducted and withheld from the payment made by such Party, shall be timely remitted to the proper Governmental Authority for the account of the other Party in accordance with applicable Law. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
any sublicense or assignment in contravention of Sections 2.1(d) or 13.6, respectively, of this Agreement will not constitute a Withholding Tax Action.  
  (d) Refund of Additional Amounts . In the event a Party actually receives a credit against any tax on its income for any Additional
Amounts paid to a Governmental Authority on its behalf (whether for the taxable year with respect to which such Additional Amounts are deducted and withheld, or in any prior or subsequent taxable year), the Party obtaining such credit shall refund
and pay to the other Party an amount equal to the lesser of the credit obtained and such Additional Amounts. Whether a credit is obtained for Additional Amounts or for other taxes paid by a Party shall be determined in a manner consistent with
applicable Laws.     ARTICLE 7   
  INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY MATTERS   
  7.1 Ownership of Inventions .  
  (a) Sole Inventions . Each Party shall solely own any Inventions made solely by it or its Affiliates  employees, agents, or
independent contractors that are not Pfenex Improvements, Jazz Improvements or Post-Primary Recovery Inventions (  Sole Inventions  ).  
  (b) Joint Inventions . The Parties shall jointly own: (i) any Inventions that (A) are made jointly by employees, agents, or
independent contractors of one Party or its Affiliates together with employees, agents, or independent contractors of the other Party or its Affiliates and (B) are not Pfenex Improvements or Jazz Improvements; and (ii) Post-Primary
Recovery Inventions ((i) and (ii) together,   Joint Inventions  ). All Patents claiming Joint Inventions shall be referred to herein as   Joint Patents .  Except to the extent a Party is expressly limited by the
terms of this Agreement, including 7.1(g), each Party shall be entitled to practice, license, assign and otherwise exploit the Joint Inventions and Joint Patents without the  
      35.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

duty of accounting or seeking consent from the other Party. Inventorship shall be determined in accordance with U.S. patent laws.  
  (c) Pfenex Improvements . Notwithstanding Sections 7.1(a) and 7.1(b) and subject to Section 7.1(g), Pfenex shall solely own all
Inventions (developed solely by or on behalf of a Party or jointly by or on behalf of the Parties) that constitute an improvement, modification or enhancement of Pfenex s proprietary  P. fluorescens  protein expression and manufacturing
technology that has been disclosed by Pfenex to Jazz in writing (the   Disclosed Platform  ), where such improvement, modification, and enhancement is applicable to the manufacture of drug substance for products in addition to the
Products, including (i) improvements, modifications and enhancements to the Disclosed Platform generated under this Agreement (excluding, for clarity, any protein sequence), and (ii) growth media and conditions generally applicable to
 P. fluorescens  and products that do not contain [***], but excluding (A) Post-Primary Recovery Inventions and (B) any Inventions, Information, or improvements relating to the process of formulating a Product or the formulated
Product (the   Pfenex Improvements  ). To the extent any Pfenex Improvement is made by Jazz s or its Affiliates  employees, agents, or independent contractors (whether solely or jointly with Pfenex), Jazz hereby assigns to
Pfenex all of the right, title and interest in and to such Pfenex Improvement.     (d) Jazz Improvements . Notwithstanding Sections
7.1(a) and 7.1(b), Jazz shall solely own all Inventions (developed solely by or on behalf of a Party or jointly by or on behalf of the Parties) that constitute an improvement, modification or enhancement of the Half-Life Extension Component for
HemOnc-NextGen selected by Jazz, in its sole discretion, including any fusion protein comprised of [***] together with a Half-Life Extension Component (the   Jazz Improvements  ). To the extent any Jazz Improvement is made by
Pfenex s or its Affiliates  employees, agents, or independent contractors (whether solely or jointly with Jazz), Pfenex hereby assigns to Jazz all of the right, title and interest in and to such Jazz Improvement.  
  (e) Product Licenses . Pfenex Improvements, Sole Inventions owned by Pfenex, and Pfenex s interest in Joint Inventions shall be
included in Pfenex IP and automatically licensed to Jazz under Section 2.1. Jazz Improvements shall be included in Jazz Extension IP and automatically licensed to Pfenex under Section 2.2.  
  (f) Improvement Licenses . In addition to the license grant contained in Section 7.1(e), Pfenex hereby grants to Jazz a
non-exclusive, worldwide, transferrable, fully paid, perpetual, irrevocable, sublicenseable license (through multiple tiers) under Pfenex Improvements assigned by Jazz to Pfenex under Section 7.1(c) solely to manufacture any product that
contains [***] or includes a Half-Life Extension Component. In addition to the license grant contained in Section 7.1(e), Jazz hereby grants to Pfenex a non-exclusive, worldwide, transferrable, fully paid, perpetual, irrevocable, sublicenseable
(through multiple tiers) license under Jazz Improvements Controlled by Jazz assigned by Pfenex to Jazz under Section 7.1(d) solely to use with Pfenex s proprietary  P. fluorescens  manufacturing platform to manufacture biological
products. For clarity, the foregoing licenses granted by each Party expressly exclude (by implication or otherwise) any license or other right to practice any other intellectual property right Controlled by a Party that may be necessary or useful to
practice the subject Jazz Improvement or Pfenex Improvement, as applicable.  
      36.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

(g) Post-Primary Recovery Inventions . Notwithstanding Sections 7.1(a), 7.1(b), and
7.1(c), the Parties shall jointly own all Inventions (developed solely by or on behalf of a Party or jointly by or on behalf of the Parties) made prior to completion of the applicable Manufacturing Process Transfer that constitute a process, or an
improvement, modification, or enhancement of a process, used in the manufacture of proteins following the primary recovery of such proteins, excluding any Inventions, Information, or improvements relating to the process of formulating a Product or
the formulated Product (the   Post-Primary Recovery Inventions  ). To the extent any Post-Primary Recovery Invention is made solely by the employees, agents, or independent contractors of a Party or its Affiliates, such Party hereby
assigns to the other Party a joint ownership interest in and to such Post-Primary Recovery Invention such that the Parties shall jointly own such Post-Primary Recovery Invention. For clarity, after completion of the applicable Manufacturing Process
Transfer, Sections 7.1(a) and 7.1(b) shall govern ownership of Inventions that constitute a process, or an improvement, modification, or enhancement of a process, used in the manufacture of proteins following the primary recovery of such proteins.
Neither Party may file a Patent on Post-Primary Recovery Inventions without the consent of the other Party, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed.  
  7.2 Disclosure of Inventions . Each Party shall promptly disclose to the other Party, subject to any Third Party obligations, all
Inventions made by such Party to which the other Party has rights hereunder, including any invention disclosures, or other similar documents, submitted to it by its employees, agents or independent contractors describing such Inventions, and shall
promptly respond to reasonable requests from the other Party for additional Information relating to such Inventions.     7.3 Patent
Prosecution .     (a) Jazz Sole Patents . As between the Parties, Jazz shall have the sole and exclusive right to file, prosecute
and maintain all Patents contained in Jazz Extension IP (including Jazz Improvements) and Patents claiming Jazz s Sole Inventions (collectively, the   Jazz Sole Patents  ), at its own cost and expense. Jazz shall periodically
provide Pfenex with updates on the status of the Jazz Sole Patents. For the purpose of this Article 7,  prosecution  shall include conducting any  inter partes  review, post-grant review, or any other post-grant proceeding including
any patent interference proceeding, opposition proceeding and reexamination.     (b) Pfenex Sole Patents . As between the Parties,
Pfenex shall have the first right to file, prosecute and maintain all Pfenex Sole Patents, at its own cost and expense. Pfenex shall consult with Jazz and keep Jazz reasonably informed of the status of the Pfenex Sole Patents and shall promptly
provide Jazz with all material correspondence received from any patent authority in connection therewith. In addition, Pfenex shall promptly provide Jazz with drafts of all proposed material filings and correspondence to any patent authority with
respect to the Pfenex Sole Patents for Jazz s review and comment prior to the submission of such proposed filings and correspondence. Pfenex shall confer with Jazz and shall (i) accept Jazz s comments to any Pfenex Product-Specific
Patent and (ii) consider in good faith Jazz s comments to any other Pfenex Sole Patent (including Pfenex General Product Patent), in each case prior to submitting such filings and correspondence. Each Party shall have the right to refer
any such matters for further discussion to the JDC or to any Working Group focused on intellectual  
      37.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

property as may be established by the JDC. Pfenex shall file patents covering Sole Inventions owned by Pfenex in a manner to separate the claims specifically related to a Product from other
subject matter to the extent possible and in consultation with Jazz, if doing so does not, in Pfenex s reasonable, good faith determination, cause a material adverse effect on Pfenex s intellectual property rights covering products other
than a Product. If Pfenex decides to no longer prosecute or maintain any Pfenex Product-Specific Patent in any jurisdiction in the Territory, it shall notify Jazz in writing. Thereafter, Jazz shall have the right to prosecute and maintain such
Pfenex Product-Specific Patent in such jurisdiction at its own cost and expense. If Pfenex decides to no longer prosecute or maintain any Pfenex General Product Patent, it shall notify Jazz in writing. Thereafter, Jazz shall have the right to
prosecute and maintain such Pfenex General Product Patent in such jurisdiction at its own cost and expense if doing so does not, in Pfenex s reasonable, good faith determination, cause a material adverse effect on Pfenex s intellectual
property rights covering products other than a Product.     (c) Joint Patents . As between the Parties, Jazz shall have the first right
to file, prosecute and maintain all Joint Patents, at its own cost and expense. Jazz shall consult with Pfenex and keep Pfenex reasonably informed of the status of the Joint Patents and shall promptly provide Pfenex with all material correspondence
received from any patent authority in connection therewith. In addition, Jazz shall promptly provide Pfenex with drafts of all proposed material filings and correspondence to any patent authority with respect to the Joint Patents for Pfenex s
review and comment prior to the submission of such proposed filings and correspondences. Jazz shall confer with Pfenex and consider in good faith Pfenex s comments prior to submitting such filings and correspondences. If Jazz decides to no
longer prosecute or maintain any Joint Patent in any jurisdiction in the Territory, it shall notify Pfenex in writing. Thereafter, Pfenex shall have the right to prosecute and maintain such Joint Patent in such jurisdiction at its own cost and
expense.     (d) Cooperation . Each Party shall provide the other Party all reasonable assistance and cooperation, at the other
Party s request and expense, in the patent prosecution efforts provided above in this Section 7.3, including providing any necessary powers of attorney, executing any other required documents or instruments for such prosecution, and making
its personnel with appropriate scientific expertise available to assist in such efforts.     7.4 Patent Enforcement .  
  (a) Notification . If either Party becomes aware of (i) any existing or threatened infringement of any Pfenex Patent in the
Territory, which infringing activity involves the using, making, importing, exporting, offering for sale or selling Products or products that otherwise are competitive with Products, (ii) a declaratory judgment action asserting the invalidity,
unenforceability or non-infringement of any Pfenex Patent in the Territory in connection with any infringement described in clause (i), or (iii) an application for a Biosimilar Product (defined below) referencing a Product submitted to a Party
or a Regulatory Authority for Regulatory Approval (each of (i), (ii), and (iii) a   Product Infringement  ), it shall promptly notify the other Party in writing to that effect, and the Parties will consult with each other
regarding any actions to be taken with respect to such Product Infringement. For purpose of this definition,   Biosimilar Product   means, with respect to a particular Product in a particular country in the Territory, any
pharmaceutical product that is claimed to be biosimilar to or  
      38.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

interchangeable with such Product (including a product that is the subject of an application submitted under Section 351(k) of the Public Health Service Act as set forth at 42 U.S.C. Chapter
6A, as amended, citing the Product as the reference product) or for which the BLA otherwise references or relies on such Product or any corresponding foreign application in the Territory, including, with respect to the European Union, a Marketing
Authorization Application filed with the EMA pursuant to the centralized approval procedure or with the applicable Regulatory Authority of a country in Europe with respect to the mutual recognition or any other national approval.  
  (b) Enforcement Rights .   For any Product Infringement, each Party shall share with the other Party all information available to
it that may be shared subject to Third Party obligations regarding such alleged infringement, pursuant to a mutually agreeable  common interest agreement  executed by the Parties under which the Parties agree to their shared, mutual
interest in the outcome of any suit to enforce the Pfenex Patents against such Product Infringement.     (i)  Jazz shall have the
first right, but not the obligation, to bring an appropriate suit or take other action against any person or entity engaged in, or to defend against, a Product Infringement to the extent involving infringement of (A) any Pfenex Product-Specific
Patent and (B) any Pfenex General Product Patent. Jazz shall consult with Pfenex and keep Pfenex reasonably informed of the status of the enforcement of such Pfenex Product-Specific Patent or Pfenex General Product Patent, as the case may be.
Jazz shall consider Pfenex s comments with respect to the enforcement of such Pfenex General Product Patent in good faith. Jazz shall not settle any such suit or action without providing Pfenex an opportunity to review and comment on such
proposed settlement. Jazz shall not settle any such suit or action with respect to a Pfenex General Product Patent if Pfenex promptly notifies Jazz that it reasonably and in good faith believes that doing so would cause a material adverse effect on
Pfenex s intellectual property rights covering products other than a Product.     (ii)  If Jazz does not, within one hundred
eighty (180) days after its receipt or delivery of notice under Section 7.4(a), commence a suit to enforce an applicable Pfenex Sole Patent, take other action to terminate such Product Infringement with respect to an applicable Pfenex Sole
Patent, or initiate a defense against such Product Infringement with respect to an applicable Pfenex Sole Patent, then upon Jazz s prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, Pfenex shall have the
right, but not the obligation, to commence such a suit or take such an action to enforce the applicable Pfenex Sole Patent. In such event, Jazz shall take appropriate actions in order to enable Pfenex to commence a suit or take the actions set forth
in the preceding sentence. Pfenex shall not settle any such suit or action in any manner that would negatively impact the applicable Pfenex Sole Patent or that would limit or restrict the ability of Jazz to sell Products anywhere in the Territory
without the prior written consent of Jazz.     (c) Collaboration . Each Party shall provide to the enforcing Party reasonable
assistance in such enforcement, at such enforcing Party s request and expense, including joining such action as a party plaintiff to ensure legal standing if required by applicable Laws to pursue such action or if requested by the enforcing
Party. The enforcing Party shall keep the other Party regularly informed of the status and progress of such enforcement efforts and shall reasonably  
      39.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

consider the other Party s comments on any such efforts. The non-enforcing Party shall be entitled to separate representation in such matter by counsel of its own choice and at its own
expense, but such Party shall at all times cooperate fully with the enforcing Party.     (d) Expenses and Recoveries .   The Party
bringing or defending a claim, suit or action under Section 7.4(b) shall be solely responsible for any expenses incurred by such Party as a result of such claim, suit or action. If such enforcing Party recovers monetary damages in such claim,
suit or action, such recovery shall be allocated first to the reimbursement of any expenses incurred by the Parties in such litigation (including, for this purpose, a reasonable allocation of expenses of internal counsel), and any remaining amounts
shall be allocated as follows: (i) if Jazz is the enforcing or defending Party, the remaining amounts will be retained by Jazz, except that any imputed lost sales upon which such amounts were calculated shall be included in Net Sales subject to
the royalty payment by Jazz to Pfenex pursuant to Section 6.5, and (ii) if Pfenex is the enforcing or defending Party, the remaining amounts will be shared equally by Pfenex and by Jazz.  
  7.5 Enforcement of Jazz Sole Patents and Joint Patents . Jazz shall have the sole right, but not the obligation, in the case of the Jazz
Sole Patents and the first right, but not the obligation, in the case of the Joint Patents to bring an appropriate suit or other action against any person or entity allegedly infringing any Jazz Sole Patents or Joint Patents, as the case may be, and
to defend against any declaratory judgment action against any Jazz Sole Patents or Joint Patents, as the case may be. In the case of any existing or threatened infringement of any Joint Patent in the Territory that does not involve the using,
making, importing, exporting, offering for sale or selling Products or products that otherwise are competitive with Products, if Jazz does not, within one hundred eighty (180) days after written request by Pfenex, commence a suit to enforce an
applicable Joint Patent or take other action to terminate such infringement with respect to an applicable Joint Patent, then Pfenex shall have the right, but not the obligation, to commence such a suit or take such other action to enforce the
applicable Joint Patent. Each Party shall provide reasonable assistance to the enforcing Party in such enforcement or defense, at such enforcing Party s request and expense, including joining such action as a party plaintiff to ensure legal
standing if required by applicable Laws to pursue such action or if requested by such enforcing Party. If such enforcing Party recovers monetary damages in such claim, suit or action, such recovery shall be allocated first to the reimbursement of
any expenses incurred by the Parties in such litigation (including, for this purpose, a reasonable allocation of expenses of internal counsel), and any remaining amounts shall be retained by such enforcing Party.  
  7.6 Patent Term Extensions . Pfenex shall cooperate with Jazz, at Jazz s request, in seeking and obtaining patent term extensions
(including any pediatric exclusivity extensions as may be available) or supplemental protection certificates or their equivalents in any country with respect to any Pfenex Product-Specific Patents and Products. If elections with respect to obtaining
such patent term extensions are to be made, Jazz shall consider in good faith any comments provided by Pfenex in regard to such elections, provided that Jazz have the sole right to make such elections with respect to any Pfenex Product-Specific
Patents. Pfenex shall further cooperate with Jazz, at Jazz s request, in seeking and obtaining patent term extensions (including any pediatric exclusivity extensions as may be available) or supplemental protection certificates or their
equivalents in any country with respect to any Pfenex General Product Patents and Products, which Pfenex shall file and manage in good faith unless Pfenex has previously  
      40.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

extended the applicable Pfenex General Product Patent in connection with any product other than the applicable Product.  
  7.7 Personnel Obligations . Prior to beginning work under this Agreement relating to any Development of a Product, each employee, agent
or independent contractor of a Party or its Affiliates shall be bound by invention assignment obligations that are consistent with the obligations of such Party in this Article 7, including: (a) promptly reporting any invention, discovery,
process or other intellectual property right; (b) assigning to such Party all of the right, title and interest in and to any invention, discovery, process or other intellectual property right; (c) cooperating in the preparation, filing,
prosecution, maintenance and enforcement of any Patent; (d) performing all acts and signing, executing, acknowledging and delivering any and all documents required for effecting the obligations and purposes of this Agreement; and
(e) complying with obligations of confidentiality and non-use consistent with those contained in this Agreement.     7.8
Trademarks . Jazz and its Affiliates and sublicensees shall have the right to brand the Products in the Territory using any trademarks it determines appropriate for the Products, which may vary by country or within a country (the   Product
Marks  ), provided that Jazz shall not, and shall ensure that its Affiliates and sublicensees will not make any use of the trademarks or house marks of Pfenex (including Pfenex s corporate name) or any trademark confusingly similar
thereto (except to the extent required by applicable Laws (e.g., to indicate the manufacturer of the Product)). As between the Parties, Jazz shall own all rights in the Product Marks and shall register and maintain, in its discretion and at its own
cost and expense, the Product Marks in the countries and regions in the Territory that it determines to be appropriate. Jazz shall have the sole right, in its discretion and at its expense, to defend and enforce the Product Marks. Pfenex shall not,
and shall ensure that its Affiliates and sublicensees will not, file or use any trademark confusingly similar to the Product Marks.    
  ARTICLE 8   
  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; COVENANTS   
  8.1 Mutual Representations and Warranties . Each Party hereby represents and warrants to the other Party as follows:  
  (a) Corporate Existence . As of the Effective Date, it is a company or corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in good
standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated or otherwise formed.     (b) Corporate Power, Authority and
Binding Agreement . As of the Effective Date, (i) it has the corporate power and authority and the legal right to enter into this Agreement and perform its obligations hereunder; (ii) it has taken all necessary corporate action on its
part required to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder; and (iii) this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Party, and constitutes a legal, valid, and
binding obligation of such Party that is enforceable against it in accordance with its terms.  
      41.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

(c) No Conflicts . It has not entered, and shall not enter, into any agreement with any
Third Party that is in conflict with the rights granted by it under this Agreement, and has not taken and shall not take any action that would in any way prevent it from granting the rights granted to, or contemplated to be granted to, the other
Party under this Agreement, or that would otherwise materially conflict with or adversely affect such other Party s rights under this Agreement.  
  (d) No Debarment . As of the Effective Date, none of its employees, consultants or contractors is debarred by any Regulatory Authority
or, to such Party s knowledge, is the subject of debarment proceedings by a Regulatory Authority.     8.2 Additional Representations
and Warranties of Pfenex . Pfenex represents and warrants and, as applicable, covenants to Jazz as follows, as of the Effective Date:  
  (a) Title; Encumbrances . Pfenex Controls the Patents listed on   Exhibit A   and other intellectual property rights within
the Pfenex IP, free and clear from any mortgages, pledges, liens, security interests, conditional and installment sale agreements, and, to Pfenex s knowledge, other encumbrances, charges or claims of any kind, subject to the terms and
conditions of the Third Party Agreements. Pfenex has the full and legal rights and authority to license to Jazz the Pfenex IP for the purposes expressly provided in this Agreement.  
  (b) Patent Matters .   Exhibit A   is an accurate listing by owner, inventor(s), serial number, filing date, country, and
status of all patents and patent applications Controlled by Pfenex as of the Effective Date that may be necessary or useful for the development, manufacture, use, offer for sale, sale or import of the Products as contemplated herein.  
  (c) Control . Pfenex Controls and shall Control throughout the Term (i) all Patents listed on   Exhibit A  , and
(ii) all data and technical information owned, generated or licensed by Pfenex that is related to any Product, in each case subject to the terms and conditions of the Third Party Agreements.  
  (d) Validity . There is no fact or circumstance known to Pfenex that would cause Pfenex to reasonably conclude that any of the issued
patents in the Pfenex Patents is invalid or unenforceable.     (e) Inventorship . To Pfenex s knowledge, the inventorship of each
Pfenex Patent is properly identified on the corresponding patent or patent application.     (f) Good Standing . All official fees,
maintenance fees and annuities for the Pfenex Patents have been paid and all administrative procedures with Governmental Authorities are in process or have been completed for the Pfenex Patents such that the Pfenex Patents are pending, subsisting or
in good standing.     (g) Duty of Disclosure . Pfenex has complied with the U.S. PTO duty of disclosure with respect to the prosecution
of all of the Pfenex Patents for which Pfenex controls the prosecution. To Pfenex s knowledge, all Third Parties that control the prosecution of a Pfenex Patent have complied with the U.S. PTO duty of disclosure.  
      42.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

(h) Notice of Infringement . Pfenex has not received any written notice or written threat
from any Third Party asserting or alleging, nor does Pfenex have any knowledge of any basis for any assertion or allegation, that any use of any Pfenex IP by Pfenex prior to the Effective Date infringed or would infringe the issued Patents of such
Third Party.     (i) Notice of Misappropriation . Pfenex has not received any written notice or written threat from any Third Party
asserting or alleging, nor does Pfenex have any knowledge of any basis for any assertion or allegation, that any use or creation of Pfenex IP by Pfenex prior to the Effective Date misappropriated the intellectual property rights of such Third Party.
    (j) Third Party Technology . To Pfenex s knowledge, the manufacture, Development, and Commercialization of Products (excluding
any Half-Life Extension Component incorporated into any Product), and the use of Pfenex s proprietary  P. fluorescens  expression technology, in each case as contemplated herein, does not infringe any valid and enforceable issued Patent of
a Third Party.     (k) Third Party Infringement . To Pfenex s knowledge, no Third Party is infringing or has infringed any issued
Pfenex Patent or has misappropriated any Pfenex Know-How.     (l) No Proceeding . There are no pending, and to Pfenex s knowledge,
no threatened, adverse actions, suits or proceedings (including interferences, reissues, reexaminations, cancellations, oppositions, nullity actions, invalidation actions or post-grant reviews) against Pfenex involving the Pfenex IP or Products.
    (m) Contracts . Pfenex has irrevocably terminated all rights granted to Agila Biotech Private Limited with respect to the
Pegaspargase Product, and a copy of the documentation effecting such termination has been provided to Jazz.     8.3 Mutual Covenants .
    (a) No Debarment . In the course of the Development of the Products, neither Party shall use any employee or consultant who has
been debarred by any Regulatory Authority or, to such Party s knowledge, is the subject of debarment proceedings by a Regulatory Authority. Each Party shall notify the other Party in writing promptly upon becoming aware that any of its
employees or consultants has been debarred or is the subject of debarment proceedings by any Regulatory Authority.     (b) Compliance .
Each Party and its Affiliates (and, in the case of Jazz, other Selling Parties) shall comply in all material respects with all Laws applicable to the Development, manufacture and Commercialization of Products and performance of its obligations under
this Agreement, including, to the extent applicable, the statutes, regulations and written directives of the FDA (including GCP, GLP, and GMP), the EMA and any Regulatory Authority having jurisdiction in the Territory, the FD C Act, the
Prescription Drug Marketing Act, the Federal Health Care Programs Anti-Kickback Law, 42 U.S.C.   1320a-7b(b), the statutes, regulations and written directives of Medicare, Medicaid and all other health care programs, as defined in 42 U.S.C.
  1320a-7b(f), and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, each as may be amended from time to time.  
      43.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

8.4 Disclaimer . EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT, NO REPRESENTATIONS OR
WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR NON-MISAPPROPRIATION OF THIRD PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS, ARE MADE OR GIVEN BY OR ON BEHALF OF
A PARTY, AND ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, WHETHER ARISING BY OPERATION OF LAW OR OTHERWISE, ARE HEREBY EXPRESSLY EXCLUDED.  
  ARTICLE 9   
  INDEMNIFICATION      9.1
Indemnification by Pfenex . Pfenex shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Jazz and its Affiliates and their respective officers, directors, employees, and agents (the   Jazz Indemnitees  ) from and against any and all damages
or other amounts payable to a Third Party claimant, as well as any reasonable attorneys  fees and costs of litigation incurred by such Jazz Indemnitees, resulting from any claims, suits, proceedings or causes of action brought by such Third
Party (collectively,   Claims  ) against such Jazz Indemnitee to the extent arising from or based on (a) the Development or manufacture of Products by or on behalf of Pfenex or its Affiliates or sublicensees prior to the
Effective Date, (b) Pfenex s and its Affiliates  performance of the activities allocated to Pfenex under the applicable Development Plan, including the manufacture of Products, (c) the breach of any of Pfenex s obligations,
representations or warranties under this Agreement, or (d) the willful misconduct or negligent acts of Pfenex, its Affiliates, or the officers, directors, employees, or agents of Pfenex or its Affiliates in connection with this Agreement. The
foregoing indemnity obligation shall not apply to the extent that (i) the Jazz Indemnitees fail to comply with the indemnification procedures set forth in Section 9.3 and Pfenex s defense of the relevant Claims is prejudiced by such
failure, or (ii) any Claim arises from or is based on any activity set forth in Section 9.2 for which Jazz is obligated to indemnify the Pfenex Indemnitees under Section 9.2.     
  9.2 Indemnification by Jazz . Jazz shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Pfenex and its Affiliates and their respective officers,
directors, employees, and agents (the   Pfenex Indemnitees  ) from and against damages or other amounts payable to a Third Party claimant, as well as any reasonable attorneys  fees and costs of litigation incurred by such Pfenex
Indemnitees, resulting from any Claims against such Pfenex Indemnitee to the extent arising from or based on (a) the Development, manufacture or Commercialization of Products by or on behalf of Jazz or its Affiliates or sublicensees (in each
case other than by Pfenex), (b) the breach of any of Jazz s obligations, representations or warranties under this Agreement, or (c) the willful misconduct or negligent acts of Jazz, its Affiliates, or the officers, directors,
employees, or agents of Jazz or its Affiliates in connection with this Agreement. The foregoing indemnity obligation shall not apply to the extent that (i) the Pfenex Indemnitees fail to comply with the indemnification procedures set forth in
Section 9.3 and Jazz s defense of the relevant Claims is prejudiced by such failure, or (ii) any Claim arises from or is based on any activity set forth in Section 9.1 for which Pfenex is obligated to indemnify the Jazz
Indemnitees under Section 9.1.     9.3 Indemnification Procedures . The Party claiming indemnity under this Article 9 (the
  Indemnified Party  ) shall give written notice to the Party from whom indemnity is being  
      44.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

sought (the   Indemnifying Party  ) promptly after learning of such Claim. The Indemnified Party shall provide the Indemnifying Party with reasonable assistance, at the
Indemnifying Party s expense, in connection with the defense of the Claim for which indemnity is being sought. The Indemnified Party may participate in and monitor such defense with counsel of its own choosing at its sole expense; provided,
however, the Indemnifying Party shall have the right to assume and conduct the defense of the Claim with counsel of its choice. Unless the settlement involves only the payment of money, the Indemnifying Party shall not settle any Claim without the
prior written consent of the Indemnified Party, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. So long as the Indemnifying Party is conducting the defense of the Claim in good faith, the Indemnified Party shall not settle or
compromise any such Claim without the prior written consent of the Indemnifying Party. If the Indemnifying Party does not assume and conduct the defense of the Claim as provided above, (a) the Indemnified Party may defend against, consent to
the entry of any judgment, or enter into any settlement with respect to such Claim in any manner the Indemnified Party may deem reasonably appropriate (and the Indemnified Party need not consult with, or obtain any consent from, the Indemnifying
Party in connection therewith), and (b) the Indemnifying Party shall remain responsible to indemnify the Indemnified Party as provided in this Article 9.  
      9.4 Insurance     . Each Party shall procure and maintain product liability insurance of at least [***] at all
times during which any Product is being clinically tested in human subjects and of at least [***] at all times during which any Product is being commercially distributed or sold by such Party and for the five (5)-year period thereafter. It is
understood that such insurance shall not be construed to create a limit of either Party s liability with respect to its indemnification obligations under this Article 9. Each Party shall provide the other Party with written evidence of such
insurance upon request. Each Party shall provide the other Party with written notice at least thirty (30) days prior to the cancellation or non-renewal of such insurance.      
  ARTICLE 10   
  CONFIDENTIALITY      10.1
Confidentiality . Each Party agrees that, during the Term and for a period of ten (10) years thereafter, it shall keep confidential and shall not publish or otherwise disclose and shall not use for any purpose other than as provided for in
this Agreement (which includes the exercise of any rights or the performance of any obligations hereunder) any Confidential Information furnished to it by the other Party pursuant to this Agreement, except to the extent expressly authorized by this
Agreement or otherwise agreed in writing by the Parties. The foregoing confidentiality and non-use obligations shall not apply to any portion of the other Party s Confidential Information that the receiving Party can demonstrate by competent
written proof:     (a)  was already known to the receiving Party or its Affiliate, other than under an obligation of confidentiality,
at the time of disclosure by the other Party;     (b)  was generally available to the public or otherwise part of the public domain at
the time of its disclosure to the receiving Party;  
      45.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

(c)  became generally available to the public or otherwise part of the public domain after
its disclosure and other than through any act or omission of the receiving Party in breach of this Agreement;     (d)  was disclosed to
the receiving Party or its Affiliate by a Third Party who has a legal right to make such disclosure and who did not obtain such information directly or indirectly from the other Party; or  
  (e)  was independently discovered or developed by the receiving Party or its Affiliate without access to or aid, application or use of
the other Party s Confidential Information, as evidenced by a contemporaneous writing.    As between the Parties, each Party shall own
its Confidential Information.     10.2 Authorized Disclosure . Notwithstanding the obligations set forth in Section 10.1, a Party
may disclose the other Party s Confidential Information and the terms of this Agreement to the extent:     (a)  such disclosure is
reasonably necessary to its employees, agents, consultants, contractors, licensees or sublicensees on a need-to-know basis for the sole purpose of performing its obligations or exercising its rights under this Agreement; provided that in each case,
the disclosees are bound by written obligations of confidentiality and non-use consistent with those contained in this Agreement; or  
  (b)  such disclosure is reasonably necessary to any bona fide potential or actual investor, acquiror, merger partner, licensee,
sublicensee, or other financial or commercial partner for the sole purpose of evaluating an actual or potential investment, acquisition or other business relationship; provided that in connection with such disclosure, such Party shall use all
reasonable efforts to inform each disclosee of the confidential nature of such Confidential Information and, in each case, the disclosees are bound by written obligations of confidentiality and non-use consistent with those contained in this
Agreement; or     (c)  such disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with applicable Laws, rules or regulations promulgated by
Governmental Authorities or applicable securities exchanges, court order, or administrative subpoena or order; provided that the Party subject to such Laws, rules, regulations, court order, or administrative subpoena or order shall (i) promptly
notify the other Party prior to making such required disclosure; (ii) provide reasonable prior advance notice of the proposed text of such disclosure to the other Party for its prior review; (iii) use good faith efforts to incorporate the
reviewing Party s reasonable comments thereon and (iv) use reasonable efforts to obtain, or to assist the other Party in obtaining, a protective order preventing or limiting the required disclosure.  
  10.3 Technical Publication . Pfenex may not publish peer reviewed manuscripts, or provide other forms of public disclosure including
abstracts and presentations, of results of studies carried out under the Development Plans, or otherwise pertaining to a Product, without the prior written consent of Jazz. Commencing upon (a) the end of the Assessment Period for a HemOnc
Product for which Jazz has not provided a Declination Notice in the case of each HemOnc Product and (b) Option Exercise in the case of the Pegaspargase Product, Jazz shall  
      46.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

have the right to publish and otherwise publicly disclose peer reviewed manuscripts, or provide other forms of public disclosure including abstracts and presentations, of results of studies
carried out by or on behalf of Jazz under the Development Plan for the applicable Product concerning the Development and Commercialization of such Product, including on clinicaltrials.gov, subject to compliance with this Section 10.3. In the
event that Jazz desires to make such a publication or public presentation of a technical nature describing the manufacturing process of a Product, it shall provide Pfenex with at least ten (10) days to review and comment on such proposed
publication or presentation prior to its submission for publication or presentation. Pfenex shall have the right to delay publication or presentation for up to an additional thirty (30) days in order to enable patent applications protecting
each Party s rights in such Information to be filed, and Pfenex shall also have the right to prohibit the disclosure of any of its Confidential Information contained in any such proposed publication or presentation. In any permitted publication
or presentation by a Party, the other Party s contribution shall be duly recognized, and co-authorship shall be determined, in accordance with customary standards.  
  10.4 Publicity; Term of Agreement .  
  (a)  The Parties agree that the material terms of this Agreement are the Confidential Information of both Parties, subject to the
special authorized disclosure provisions set forth in this Section 10.4 or Section 10.2.     (b)  The Parties agree to issue
a joint press release announcing the execution of this Agreement promptly after the Effective Date in the form attached hereto as   Exhibit 10 . 4(b)  .  
  (c)  After release of such press release, if either Party desires to make a public announcement concerning the material terms of this
Agreement or any activities hereunder, including announcement of the achievement of milestones under Section 6.3 and the magnitude of payments associated therewith, such Party shall give reasonable prior advance notice (which in any case shall
be at least three (3) Business Days) of the proposed text of such announcement to the other Party for its prior review and approval (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) and shall use good faith efforts to
incorporate the other Party s reasonable comments thereon, except that in the case of a public announcement required by Laws, the disclosing Party shall provide the other Party with such advance notice as it reasonably can and shall not be
required to obtain approval therefor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) Pfenex may not, in any public announcement with respect to this Agreement, [***] without Jazz s prior written consent and (ii) Jazz may not, in any public
announcement with respect to this Agreement, [***] without providing prior written notice to Pfenex and reasonably coordinating with Pfenex regarding such public announcement. A Party commenting on such a proposed public announcement shall provide
its comments, if any, within three (3) Business Days after receiving the text of the public announcement for review. Neither Party shall be required to seek the permission of the other Party to repeat any information that has already been
publicly disclosed by such Party, or by the other Party, in accordance with this Section 10.4(c), provided such information remains accurate as of such time.  
  (d)  The Parties acknowledge that either or both Parties may be obligated to file under applicable Laws or rules or regulations
promulgated by Governmental Authorities or applicable securities exchanges a copy of this Agreement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange  
      47.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

Commission or other Governmental Authorities. In the event that a Party determines in good faith that such a filing is required, such Party shall request confidential treatment of all
confidential information herein, including the sensitive commercial, financial and technical terms hereof, to the extent such confidential treatment may be reasonably available to such Party. In the event of any such filing, the filing Party shall
provide the other Party with a copy of this Agreement marked to show provisions for which such filing Party intends to seek confidential treatment within a reasonable amount of time prior to filing and shall use good faith efforts to incorporate the
other Party s reasonable comments thereon to the extent consistent with applicable Laws or rules or regulations promulgated by Governmental Authorities or applicable securities exchanges. Each Party shall be responsible for its own legal and
other external costs in connection with any such filing.     ARTICLE 11   
  TERM AND TERMINATION   
  11.1 Term . The term of this Agreement (the   Term  ) shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated
pursuant to this Agreement, shall continue on a Product-by-Product basis for so long as such Product is being Developed or Commercialized under and in accordance with this Agreement.  
  11.2 Unilateral Termination by Jazz .   Jazz may terminate this Agreement, on a Product-by-Product basis or in its entirety, for
any or no reason upon ninety (90) days  written notice to Pfenex.     11.3 Termination by Either Party for Breach .   
    (a) Breach . Subject to Section 11.3(b) and 11.3(c), each Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement upon written
notice to the other Party in the event such other Party materially breaches this Agreement and, after receiving written notice from the non-breaching Party identifying such material breach in reasonable detail, fails to cure such material breach
within ninety (90) days from the date of such notice; provided that if such breach is not reasonably capable of cure within such time period, the breaching Party may submit a reasonable cure plan prior to the end of such time period, in which
case the other Party shall not have the right to terminate this Agreement for up to an additional ninety (90) days so long as the breaching Party is using Commercially Reasonable Efforts to implement such cure plan.  
  (b) Disputed Breach . If the alleged breaching Party disputes in good faith the existence or materiality of a breach specified in a
notice provided by the other Party in accordance with Section 11.3(a), and such alleged breaching Party provides the other Party notice of such dispute within the ninety (90)-day cure period, then the non-breaching Party shall not have the
right to terminate this Agreement under Section 11.3(a) unless and until an arbitrator, in accordance with Article 12, has determined that the alleged breaching Party has materially breached this Agreement and that such Party fails to cure such
breach within ninety (90) days following such arbitrator s decision. It is understood and agreed that during the pendency of such dispute, all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall remain in effect and the Parties shall
continue to perform all of their respective obligations hereunder.  
      48.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

(c) Product-by-Product Termination . If the uncured material breach pertains to less than
all of the Product(s), then termination under this Section 11.3 shall apply only with respect to such Product(s), and the non-breaching Party shall not have the right to terminate this Agreement in its entirety or with respect to the other
Product(s) not affected by such breach. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Parties  rights and obligations hereunder with respect to the Pegaspargase Product shall not be affected by termination of this Agreement with respect
to one or both HemOnc Products, and the Parties  rights and obligations hereunder to the HemOnc Products shall not be affected by termination of this Agreement with respect to the Pegaspargase Product.  
  11.4 Effects of Unilateral Termination by Jazz . If this Agreement is terminated by Jazz under Section 11.2 in its entirety or with
respect to one or both of the HemOnc Products or the Pegaspargase Product then the following terms shall apply:     (a) HemOnc-Pf .
    (i) Prior to Assessment Period Expiry . Upon any notice of termination of HemOnc-Pf delivered prior to the expiration of the
Assessment Period for HemOnc-Pf, Jazz shall have the obligations under this Section 11.4(a)(i). Prior to the effective date of termination, Jazz shall provide Pfenex with access to all HemOnc-Pf data Controlled by Jazz that was generated by
Jazz pursuant to this Agreement (the   Jazz HemOnc-Pf Data  ). Pfenex shall have the option, exercisable within thirty (30) days following the delivery of the Jazz HemOnc-Pf Data to Pfenex by Jazz, to notify Jazz whether Pfenex
desires to license (including the right to use and disclose to Third Parties) the Jazz HemOnc-Pf Data on an exclusive basis (subject to the Jazz Retained Data Rights, as defined below) solely for the development, manufacture and commercialization in
the Territory of HemOnc-Pf. Jazz retains exclusive ownership of the Jazz HemOnc-Pf Data and the right to use the Jazz HemOnc-Pf Data for any and all purposes not expressly granted to Pfenex, provided that Jazz shall not disclose the Jazz HemOnc-Pf
Data to any Third Party other than (A) to Third Party collaborators for any product other than HemOnc-Pf (provided that all such Third Party collaborators are subject to (x) confidentiality obligations consistent with those contained in
this Agreement and (y) use restrictions that limit such Third Party collaborators  use of the Jazz HemOnc-Pf Data solely to the purposes of the collaboration and exclude any use with respect to HemOnc-Pf), (B) to any Regulatory
Authority to the extent required to comply with applicable Laws or where requested by Regulatory Authorities, in which case Jazz shall promptly notify Pfenex of such requirement under applicable Laws and, to the extent practicable and permitted
under applicable Laws, shall submit any proposed communication to Pfenex for prior approval (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed) or, if not practicable or permitted, shall provide Pfenex with a copy or summary
thereof as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, and (C) to any Governmental Authority as reasonably necessary in connection with the prosecution or maintenance of any Jazz Sole Patent or Joint Patent (the   Jazz Retained Data
Rights  ). If Pfenex elects to license the Jazz HemOnc-Pf Data, Pfenex shall pay Jazz for Pfenex s license to the Jazz HemOnc-Pf Data in an amount equal to [***], to be paid by Pfenex to Jazz in semi-annual installments over the
immediate three (3)-year period following the effective date of termination, and Pfenex shall be bound by the indemnification and insurance provisions set forth on   Exhibit 11 . 4(a)(i)  . If Pfenex fails to timely pay Jazz any
of the foregoing payments within thirty (30) days following written notice from Jazz to Pfenex of such payment default, Pfenex s  
      49.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

license to the Jazz HemOnc-Pf Data will immediately terminate. In the event of a termination of this Agreement with respect to all HemOnc Products, Pfenex shall have the right to license the
applicable data generated on a HemOnc Product-by-HemOnc Product basis, provided that Pfenex pays the amount set forth in Section 11.4 with respect to each such HemOnc Product for which such data is licensed.  
  (ii) Following Assessment Period Expiry . Upon any notice of termination of HemOnc-Pf delivered following the expiration of the
Assessment Period for HemOnc-Pf, Jazz shall have the obligations under this Section 11.4(a)(ii).     (A)  Prior to the effective
date of termination, Jazz shall provide Pfenex with access to the Jazz HemOnc-Pf Data. Pfenex shall have the option, exercisable within thirty (30) days following the delivery of the Jazz HemOnc-Pf Data to Pfenex by Jazz, to notify Jazz whether
Pfenex desires to license (including the right to use and disclose to Third Parties) the Jazz HemOnc-Pf Data on an exclusive basis (subject to the Jazz Retained Data Rights) solely for the development, manufacture and commercialization in the
Territory of HemOnc-Pf. If Pfenex elects to license the Jazz HemOnc-Pf Data, Pfenex shall pay Jazz for Pfenex s license to the Jazz HemOnc-Pf Data in an amount equal to [***], to be paid by Pfenex to Jazz in semi-annual installments over the
immediate three (3)-year period following the effective date of termination, and Pfenex shall be bound by the indemnification and insurance provisions set forth on   Exhibit 11 . 4(a)(i)  . If Pfenex fails to timely pay Jazz any
of the foregoing payments within thirty (30) days following written notice from Jazz to Pfenex of such payment default, Pfenex s license to the Jazz HemOnc-Pf Data will immediately terminate.  
  (B)  If, at the time of such termination, Jazz is then clinically developing a product containing [***] (such product, the
  Alternative Product  ) and Pfenex elected to license the Jazz HemOnc-Pf Data under subsection (A) above, then Jazz will pay to Pfenex a royalty of [***] of net sales of such Alternative Product for the shorter of (x) a
period equal to the sum of six (6) months plus the number of months that, as of the termination, the Alternative Product is ahead of the development of HemOnc-Pf under this Agreement or (y) five (5) years from first commercial sale of
such Alternative Product anywhere in the world. For purposes of Section 11.4(a)(ii)(B)(x),  ahead  means a reasonable estimate of the number of months that it would have taken HemOnc-Pf, following the effective date of termination, to
attain a comparable stage of development as such Alternative Product (taking into account the relevant regulatory and technical differences, if any) as of the effective date of termination, as agreed by the Parties in writing after good faith
negotiation, subject to resolution by baseball arbitration pursuant to Section 12.2(b) if the Parties are unable to agree upon such estimated number of months within sixty (60) days after the effective date of termination. For purposes of
such royalty, the terms  net sales  and  first commercial sale  with respect to such Alternative Product shall have the same meanings as  Net Sales  and  First Commercial Sale,  respectively, under this
Agreement, and such royalty shall be paid in accordance with Sections 6.5(d), 6.7, 6.8, 6.9 and 6.10, in each case  mutatis mutandis . The obligation to make such royalty payments to Pfenex is conditioned upon Pfenex meeting its payment
obligation under subsection (A) above and shall continue for the stated period only for so long as Pfenex is using Commercially Reasonable Efforts to continue the development and commercialization of the terminated HemOnc-Pf product. Pfenex
shall provide Jazz with semi-annual reports with respect to such continued development and commercialization and notify Jazz if such development or  
      50.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

commercialization is discontinued for more than a three (3)-month period. Jazz shall have the right to set off from any such royalty an amount equal to the development costs owed and not yet paid
by Pfenex under subsection (A) above.     (iii) Election Not to License Jazz HemOnc-Pf Data . If Pfenex elects not to license the
Jazz HemOnc-Pf Data, then it shall immediately return or destroy the Jazz HemOnc-Pf Data, at Jazz s option, and Pfenex may not use the Jazz HemOnc-Pf Data for any purpose. Further, if Pfenex elects not to license the Jazz HemOnc-Pf Data and the
termination of HemOnc-Pf occurs after commencement of the Assessment Period for HemOnc-Pf but before the earlier of (A) twelve (12) months after the expiration of such Assessment Period or (B) payment of milestone 3 in   Exhibit
6.3   for HemOnc-Pf, then Jazz shall pay to Pfenex the amount of [***] within thirty (30) days following notice of such election by Pfenex.  
  (b) HemOnc-NextGen .  
  (i) Access to Data  .  Upon any notice of termination of HemOnc-NextGen, Jazz shall have the obligations under this
Section 11.4(b). Prior to the effective date of termination, Jazz shall provide Pfenex with access to all HemOnc-NextGen data Controlled by Jazz that was generated by Jazz pursuant to this Agreement (the   Jazz HemOnc-NextGen
Data  ). For clarity, the Jazz HemOnc-NextGen Data excludes the Jazz Extension IP. Pfenex shall have the option, exercisable within thirty (30) days following the delivery of the Jazz HemOnc-NextGen Data to Pfenex by Jazz (which period
may be extended by Pfenex as reasonably necessary (not to exceed an additional ninety (90) days) for Pfenex to negotiate a direct license from any Third Party that Controls the intellectual property claiming the Half-Life Extension Component
included in HemOnc-NextGen, as described below), to license (including the right to use and disclose to Third Parties) the Jazz HemOnc-NextGen Data on an exclusive basis (subject to the Jazz Retained Data Rights, as applied  mutatis mutandis 
with respect to the Jazz HemOnc-NextGen Data) solely for the development, manufacture and commercialization in the Territory of HemOnc-NextGen. Upon Pfenex s exercise of such option with respect to the Jazz HemOnc-NextGen Data, Jazz shall
negotiate in good faith with Pfenex, for a period of no more than sixty (60) days or such longer period as mutually agreed by the Parties, the payment terms and conditions for such license, subject to Section 11.4(b)(ii) below. Any license
granted under this Section 11.4(b)(i) shall also be subject to the indemnification and insurance provisions set forth on   Exhibit 11 . 4(a)(i)  . In connection with Pfenex s exercise of such option with respect to the Jazz
HemOnc-NextGen Data, Pfenex may notify Jazz that it desires to obtain rights to the Jazz Extension IP. Upon such notification and concurrently with the negotiation of a definitive agreement for the Jazz HemOnc-NextGen Data, Jazz shall negotiate in
good faith with Pfenex to include in such definitive agreement an exclusive license to that portion of the Jazz Extension IP that is owned by Jazz solely as to the development, manufacture, and commercialization in the Territory of HemOnc-NextGen,
subject to Section 11.4(b)(ii) below. In addition, Pfenex shall use good faith and reasonable efforts to obtain a direct license from any Third Party that Controls the intellectual property claiming the Half-Life Extension Component included in
HemOnc-NextGen, and upon Pfenex s request, Jazz shall facilitate an introduction of Pfenex to such Third Party. To the extent that Pfenex is unable to obtain such a license from such Third Party after using such good faith and reasonable
efforts, Jazz shall, to the extent permitted under its license agreement with such Third Party, either assign or license (in Jazz s sole discretion) to Pfenex its right, title, and interest in and to such Third Party license agreement, to the
extent necessary for  
      51.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

Pfenex to Develop, manufacture and Commercialize HemOnc-NextGen in the Territory. Pfenex shall reimburse Jazz for any amounts payable by Jazz to any Third Party in connection with such assignment
of or license to such Third Party license agreement, and Pfenex shall not owe Jazz any additional consideration in connection with Pfenex s practice of such license.  
  (ii) Payment Terms .  
  (A) Prior to Expiry of Assessment Period  .  If such termination with respect to HemOnc-NextGen occurs prior to the expiration of
the Assessment Period for HemOnc-NextGen, the payment terms of such license to the Jazz HemOnc-NextGen Data shall be limited to Pfenex paying Jazz for Pfenex s license to such data in an amount equal to [***], which amounts shall be paid by
Pfenex to Jazz in semi-annual installments over the immediate three (3)-year period following the effective date of termination. If Pfenex fails to timely pay Jazz any of the foregoing payments within thirty (30) days following written notice
from Jazz to Pfenex of such payment default, Pfenex s license to such data will immediately terminate.     (B) Following Expiry of
Assessment Period  .  If such termination with respect to HemOnc-NextGen occurs after the expiration of the Assessment Period for HemOnc-NextGen, the payment terms of such license to the Jazz HemOnc-NextGen Data shall be negotiated in good
faith as set forth in Section 11.4(b)(i). If the Parties are unable to agree on such payment terms and execute an agreement with respect to the Jazz HemOnc-NextGen Data during such sixty (60) day negotiation period, Pfenex shall have the
right to have such payment terms determined by baseball arbitration pursuant to Section 12.2(b).     (C) Election Not to License
Jazz HemOnc-NextGen Data . If Pfenex elects not to license the Jazz HemOnc-NextGen Data, then it shall immediately return or destroy such data, at Jazz s option, and Pfenex may not use the Jazz HemOnc-NextGen Data for any purpose. Further,
if Pfenex elects not to license the Jazz HemOnc-NextGen Data and the termination of HemOnc-NextGen occurs after commencement of the Assessment Period for HemOnc-NextGen but before the earlier of (A) twelve (12) months after the expiration
of such Assessment Period or (B) payment of milestone 3 in   Exhibit 6.3   for HemOnc-NextGen, then Jazz shall pay to Pfenex the amount of [***] within thirty (30) days following Pfenex s election notice or within thirty
(30) days of the expiration or early termination of the negotiation period, as applicable.     (c) Pegaspargase Product . If Jazz
terminates its rights hereunder with respect to the Pegaspargase Product prior to Option Exercise, then the Option shall terminate and the Parties  obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Pegaspargase Product shall terminate.  
  11.5 Effects of Other Termination .  
  (a) General . Upon any termination of this Agreement in its entirety (i.e., with respect to all Products) or in part (i.e., with respect
to one or more, but not all, Products), the licenses and other rights and obligations under of this Agreement applicable to the terminated Product(s) shall terminate, except for the licenses granted in Section 7.1(f), which shall survive any
termination.  
      52.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

(b) Termination by Jazz for Pfenex s Breach . If Jazz terminates this Agreement in its
entirety or for a Product on account of Pfenex s uncured material breach with respect to a particular Product, then Pfenex will not have any rights with respect to any data generated by Jazz with respect to any terminated Product(s) (or all of
the Products if this Agreement is terminated in its entirety), and Jazz will have no further obligation to Pfenex with respect to any such terminated Product(s) under this Section 11.5.  
  (c) Termination by Pfenex for Jazz s Breach . With respect to termination by Pfenex of this Agreement for one or more Products on
account of Jazz s uncured material breach with respect to such Product(s):     (i)  if Pfenex terminates with respect to
HemOnc-Pf prior to the expiry of the Assessment Period for HemOnc-Pf, then Section 11.4(a)(i) applies;     (ii)  if Pfenex
terminates with respect to HemOnc-Pf following the expiry of the Assessment Period for HemOnc-Pf, then Section 11.4(a)(ii) applies;  
  (iii)  if Pfenex terminates with respect to HemOnc-NextGen prior to the expiry of the Assessment Period for HemOnc-NextGen, then
Sections 11.4(b)(i) and 11.4(b)(ii)(A) apply;     (iv)  if Pfenex terminates with respect to HemOnc-NextGen following the expiry of
the Assessment Period for HemOnc-NextGen, then Sections 11.4(b)(i) and 11.4(b)(ii)(B) apply;     (v)  if Pfenex terminates with
respect to the Pegaspargase Product, then Section 11.4(c) applies;    in each instance of the above, with the same effect as if Jazz had terminated
this Agreement with respect to such Product pursuant to Section 11.2.     (d) Termination of All Products . For clarity, if this
Agreement has been terminated on a Product-by-Product basis such that all Products have been terminated, then this Agreement thereupon shall be deemed to have been terminated in its entirety and the ROFN thereupon shall be deemed to have terminated
with respect to all ROFN Products, except with respect to any ROFN Exercise (and subject to the terms and conditions of the corresponding ROFN Exercise Agreement) that may have occurred prior to the effective date of such termination of this
Agreement.     11.6 Survival . Termination or expiration of this Agreement shall not affect any rights or obligations of the Parties
under this Agreement that have accrued prior to the date of termination or expiration. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the following provisions shall survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement: Article 1 (to the extent defined
terms are contained in the following surviving Articles and Sections), Section 2.3, Section 4.5, Section 6.9, Article 6 (solely with respect to those payments that accrued prior to the effective date of termination or expiration),
Section 7.1, Section 8.4, Article 9 (with respect to any matter, fact or circumstance arising or existing prior to the termination or expiration of this Agreement), Article 10, this Section 11.6, Article 12 and Sections 13.3, 13.4,
13.5, and 13.12.  
      53.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

ARTICLE 12   
  DISPUTE RESOLUTION   
  12.1 Disputes . It is the objective of the Parties to establish procedures to facilitate the resolution of disputes arising under this
Agreement in an expedient manner by mutual cooperation and without resort to litigation. In the event of any disputes, controversies or differences which may arise between the Parties out of or in relation to or in connection with this Agreement
(other than disputes arising from the JDC, which shall be resolved in accordance with Section 3.3), including any alleged failure to perform, or breach, of this Agreement, or any issue relating to the interpretation or application of this
Agreement (each, a   Dispute  ), then upon the request of either Party by written notice, the Parties agree to meet and discuss in good faith a possible resolution thereof, which good faith efforts shall include at least one in-person
meeting (or telephone call if an in-person meeting is impractical) between the Parties  respective Executive Officers. If the matter is not resolved within thirty (30) days following the written request for discussions, either Party may
then invoke the provisions of Section 12.2.     12.2 Arbitration .  
  (a) JAMS . Any Dispute that is not resolved pursuant to Section 12.1, except for a dispute, claim or controversy under
Section 12.9, shall be settled by binding arbitration administered by JAMS before one arbitrator pursuant to the Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures of JAMS then in effect (the   JAMS Rules  ), except as otherwise
provided herein. The arbitration shall be governed by the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C.    1-16 (the   Federal Arbitration Act  ), to the exclusion of any inconsistent state laws. The arbitration will be conducted
in Los Angeles, California, and the Parties consent to the personal jurisdiction of the U.S. federal courts, for any case arising out of or otherwise related to this arbitration, its conduct and its enforcement. The language to be used in the
arbitral proceedings will be English.     (b) Baseball Arbitration . This Section 12.2(b) shall apply to Disputes identified under
Sections 2.4(e), 2.5(c)(i), 11.4(a)(ii)(B) and 11.4(b)(ii)(B) as to be resolved by baseball arbitration. Baseball arbitration will be conducted by one (1) arbitrator who shall be reasonably acceptable to the Parties and who shall be appointed
in accordance with JAMS Rules. If the Parties are unable to select an arbitrator within ten (10) days, then the arbitrator shall be appointed in accordance with JAMS Rules. Any arbitrator chosen hereunder shall have educational training and
industry experience sufficient to demonstrate a reasonable level of scientific, financial, medical and industry knowledge relevant to the Dispute. Within twenty (20) days after the selection of the arbitrator, each Party shall submit to the
arbitrator and the other Party a proposed resolution of the Dispute that is the subject of the arbitration, together with any relevant evidence in support thereof (the   Proposals  ). Within fifteen (15) days after the delivery
of the last Proposal to the arbitrator, each Party may submit a written rebuttal of the other Party s Proposal and may also amend and re-submit its original Proposal. The Parties and the arbitrator shall meet within fifteen (15) days after
the Parties have submitted their final Proposals (and rebuttals, if any), at which time each Party shall have one (1) hour to argue in support of its Proposal. The Parties shall not have the right to call any witnesses in support of their
arguments, nor compel any production of documents or take any discovery from the other Party in preparation for the meeting. Within thirty (30) days after such meeting, the arbitrator shall select one of the final Proposals so submitted by one
of the Parties as the resolution of the  
      54.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

Dispute, but may not alter the terms of either final Proposal and may not resolve the Dispute in a manner other than by selection of one of the submitted final Proposals. If a Party fails to
submit a Proposal within the initial twenty (20)-day time frame set forth above, the arbitrator shall select the Proposal of the other Party as the resolution of the Dispute.  
  12.3 Governing Law . Resolution of all Disputes and any remedies relating thereto, shall be governed by and construed under the
substantive laws of the State of California, excluding any conflicts or choice of law rule or principle that might otherwise refer construction or interpretation of this Agreement to the substantive law of another jurisdiction.  
  12.4 Award . Any award shall be promptly paid in Dollars free of any tax, deduction or offset; and any costs, fees or taxes incident to
enforcing the award shall, to the maximum extent permitted by law, be charged against the Party resisting enforcement. If as to any issue the arbitrator should determine under the applicable law that the position taken by a Party is frivolous or
otherwise irresponsible or that any wrongdoing it finds is in callous disregard of law and equity or the rights of the other Party, the arbitrator shall also be entitled to award an appropriate allocation of the adversary s reasonable attorney
fees, costs and expenses to be paid by the offending Party, the precise sums to be determined after a bill of attorney fees, expenses and costs consistent with such award has been presented following the award on the merits. Each Party agrees to
abide by the award rendered in any arbitration conducted pursuant to this Article 12, and agrees that, subject to the Federal Arbitration Act, judgment may be entered upon the final award in the Federal District Court in the Central District of
California and that other courts may award full faith and credit to such judgment in order to enforce such award. The award shall include interest from the date of any damages incurred for breach of this Agreement, and from the date of the award
until paid in full, at a rate fixed by the arbitrator.     12.5 Costs . Except as set forth in Section 12.4, each Party shall bear
its own legal fees. The arbitrator shall assess his or her costs, fees and expenses against the Party losing the arbitration unless he or she believes that neither Party is the clear winner, in which case the arbitrator shall divide his or her fees,
costs and expenses according to his or her sole discretion.     12.6 Injunctive Relief . Provided a Party has made a sufficient showing
under the rules and standards set forth in the U.S. Federal Rules of Civil Procedure and applicable case law, the arbitrator shall have the freedom to invoke, and the Parties agree to abide by, injunctive measures after either Party submits in
writing for arbitration claims requiring immediate relief. Additionally, nothing in this Article 12 will preclude either Party from seeking equitable relief or interim or provisional relief from a court of competent jurisdiction, including a
temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction or other interim equitable relief, concerning a Dispute either prior to or during any arbitration if necessary to protect the interests of such Party or to preserve the status quo pending the
arbitration proceeding.       12.7 Confidentiality . The arbitration proceeding shall be confidential and the arbitrator shall
issue appropriate protective orders to safeguard each Party s Confidential Information. Except as required by law, no Party shall make (or instruct the arbitrator to make) any public announcement with respect to the proceedings or decision of
the arbitrator without prior written consent of the other Party. The existence of any Dispute submitted to arbitration,  
      55.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

and the award, shall be kept in confidence by the Parties and the arbitrator, except as required in connection with the enforcement of such award or as otherwise required by applicable Laws.  
  12.8 Survivability . Any duty to arbitrate under this Agreement shall remain in effect and be enforceable after termination of this
Agreement for any reason.     12.9 Patent and Trademark Disputes . Any dispute, controversy or claim relating to the scope, validity,
enforceability or infringement of any patents or trademarks covering the manufacture, use, importation, offer for sale or sale of a Product shall be submitted to a court of competent jurisdiction in the country in which such patent or trademark
rights were granted or arose.     12.10 Limitation of Liability . NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY SPECIAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE), REGARDLESS
OF ANY NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, NOTHING IN THIS SECTION 12.10 IS INTENDED TO OR SHALL LIMIT OR RESTRICT THE INDEMNIFICATION RIGHTS OR OBLIGATIONS OF ANY PARTY UNDER SECTION 9.1 OR 9.2 OR DAMAGES
AVAILABLE FOR BREACH OF ARTICLE 10.     ARTICLE 13   
  MISCELLANEOUS      13.1
Entire Agreement; Amendment . This Agreement, including the Exhibits hereto, sets forth the complete, final and exclusive agreement and all the covenants, promises, agreements, warranties, representations, conditions and understandings between
the Parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes, as of the Effective Date, all prior and contemporaneous agreements and understandings between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, including the
Confidentiality Agreements. The foregoing shall not be interpreted as a waiver of any remedies available to either Party as a result of any breach, prior to the Effective Date, by the other Party of its obligations under the Confidentiality
Agreements. There are no covenants, promises, agreements, warranties, representations, conditions or understandings, either oral or written, between the Parties other than as are set forth in this Agreement. No subsequent alteration, amendment,
change or addition to this Agreement shall be binding upon the Parties unless reduced to writing and signed by an authorized officer of each Party.    
  13.2 Rights in Bankruptcy .  
  (a)  The Parties agree that all rights and licenses granted under or pursuant to this Agreement by one Party to the other are, for all
purposes of Title 11 of the United States Code (  Title 11  ), licenses of rights to  intellectual property  as defined in Title 11, and, in the event that a case under Title 11 is commenced by or against either Party (the
  Bankrupt Party  ), the other Party shall have all of the rights set forth in Section 365(n) of Title 11 to the  
      56.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

maximum extent permitted thereby. During the Term, each Party shall create and maintain current copies to the extent practicable of all such intellectual property. Without limiting the
Parties  rights under Section 365(n) of Title 11, if a case under Title 11 is commenced by or against the Bankrupt Party, the other Party shall be entitled to a copy of any and all such intellectual property and all embodiments of such
intellectual property, and the same, if not in the possession of such other Party, shall be promptly delivered to it (i) before this Agreement is rejected by or on behalf of the Bankrupt Party, within thirty (30) days after the other
Party s written request, unless the Bankrupt Party, or its trustee or receiver, elects within thirty (30) days to continue to perform all of its obligations under this Agreement, or (ii) after any rejection of this Agreement by or on
behalf of the Bankrupt Party, if not previously delivered as provided under clause (i) above. All rights of the Parties under this Section 13.2 and under Section 365(n) of Title 11 are in addition to and not in substitution of any and
all other rights, powers, and remedies that each party may have under this Agreement, Title 11, and any other applicable Laws. The non-Bankrupt Party shall have the right to perform the obligations of the Bankrupt Party hereunder with respect to the
maintenance of such intellectual property, but neither such provision nor such performance by the non-Bankrupt Party shall release the Bankrupt Party from any such obligation or liability for failing to perform it.  
  (b)  The Parties agree that they intend the foregoing non-Bankrupt Party rights to extend to the maximum extent permitted by law and any
provisions of applicable contracts with Third Parties, including for purposes of Title 11, (i) the right of access to any intellectual property (including all embodiments thereof) of the Bankrupt Party or any Third Party with whom the Bankrupt
Party contracts to perform an obligation of the Bankrupt Party under this Agreement, and, in the case of the Third Party, which is necessary for the Development, Regulatory Approval and manufacture of Products and (ii) the right to contract
directly with any Third Party described in (i) in this sentence to complete the contracted work.     (c)  Any intellectual
property provided pursuant to the provisions of this Section 13.2 shall be subject to the licenses set forth elsewhere in this Agreement and the payment obligations of this Agreement, which shall be deemed to be royalties for purposes of Title
11.     (d)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Article 7, in the event that Pfenex is the Bankrupt Party, Jazz may take
appropriate actions in connection with the filing, prosecution, maintenance and enforcement of any Pfenex Patent licensed to Jazz under this Agreement without being required to consult with Pfenex before taking any such actions, provided that such
actions are consistent with this Agreement.     13.3 Force Majeure . Both Parties shall be excused from the performance of their
obligations under this Agreement to the extent that such performance is prevented by force majeure and the nonperforming Party promptly provides notice of the prevention to the other Party. Such excuse shall be continued so long as the condition
constituting force majeure continues and the nonperforming Party takes reasonable efforts to remove the condition. For purposes of this Agreement, force majeure shall include conditions beyond the control of the Parties, including an act of God,
war, civil commotion, terrorist act, labor strike or lock-out, epidemic, failure or default of public utilities or common carriers, destruction of production facilities or materials by fire, earthquake, storm or like catastrophe, and failure of
plant or  
      57.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

machinery (provided that such failure could not have been prevented by the exercise of skill, diligence, and prudence that would be reasonably and ordinarily expected from a skilled and
experienced person engaged in the same type of undertaking under the same or similar circumstances). Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Party shall not be excused from making payments owed hereunder because of a force majeure affecting such Party. If
a force majeure persists for more than ninety (90) days, then the Parties will discuss in good faith the modification of the Parties  obligations under this Agreement in order to mitigate the delays caused by such force majeure.  
  13.4 Notices . Any notice required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing, shall specifically refer to this
Agreement, and shall be addressed to the appropriate Party at the address specified below or such other address as may be specified by such Party in writing in accordance with this Section 13.4, and shall be deemed to have been given for all
purposes (a) when received, if hand-delivered or sent by confirmed facsimile or a reputable courier service, or (b) five (5) Business Days after mailing, if mailed by first class certified or registered airmail, postage prepaid,
return receipt requested.    If to Pfenex:  
 Pfenex Inc.    10790 Roselle
Street    San Diego, CA 92121  
 Attention: Patrick Lucy, Chief Business Officer  
 With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):  
 Wilson Sonsini Goodrich   Rosati  
 650 Page Mill Road    Palo Alto, CA
94304    Attention: Ian B. Edvalson  
 If to Jazz:    Jazz
Pharmaceuticals, Inc.    3180 Porter Drive  
 Palo Alto, California 94304    USA
   Attn: General Counsel    With
a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):    Cooley LLP  
 3175 Hanover Street    Palo Alto,
California 94304    USA    Attn:
Marya A. Postner    Fax: 650-849-7400  
      58.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

13.5 No Strict Construction; Headings . This Agreement has been prepared jointly by the
Parties and shall not be strictly construed against either Party. Ambiguities, if any, in this Agreement shall not be construed against any Party, irrespective of which Party may be deemed to have authored the ambiguous provision. The headings of
each Article and Section in this Agreement have been inserted for convenience of reference only and are not intended to limit or expand on the meaning of the language contained in the particular Article or Section. Except where the context otherwise
requires, the use of any gender shall be applicable to all genders, and the word  or  is used in the inclusive sense (and/or). The term  including  as used herein means including, without limiting the generality of any
description preceding such term.     13.6 Assignment . Neither Party may assign or transfer this Agreement or any rights or obligations
hereunder without the prior written consent of the other, except that a Party may make such an assignment or transfer without the other Party s consent to (a) its Affiliates (provided that, if Pfenex is the assigning Party, Pfenex (or its
successor) guarantees such Affiliate s performance of its obligations under this Agreement or obtains Jazz s consent for such assignment notwithstanding the foregoing); or (b) a Third Party successor to all or substantially all of the
business of such Party to which this Agreement relates, whether in a merger, sale of stock, sale of assets or other Change of Control transaction. Any successor or assignee of rights and/or obligations permitted hereunder shall, in writing to the
other Party, expressly assume performance of such rights and/or obligations. Any permitted assignment shall be binding on the successors of the assigning Party. Any assignment or attempted assignment by either Party in violation of the terms of this
Section 13.6 shall be null, void and of no legal effect.        13.7 Change of Control . Each Party (the   Acquired
Party  ) shall, to the extent such Party is not required to publicly disclose a Change of Control, notify the other Party in writing within one (1) Business Day after entering into any agreement providing for or intended to result in
any Change of Control of the Acquired Party, identifying the parties to such agreement, and shall provide such notice where possible at least thirty (30) days prior to the effectiveness of such Change of Control. Following the effectiveness of
such Change of Control, such other Party shall have the right to disband the JDC and to require the Acquired Party, including the acquiring party in such Change of Control, to adopt reasonable procedures to be agreed upon in writing with such other
Party to limit the dissemination of such other Party s Confidential Information to only those personnel having a need to know such Confidential Information in order for the Acquired Party to perform its obligations or to exercise its rights
under this Agreement and to prohibit and limit the use and disclosure of Confidential Information for competitive reasons against such other Party and its Affiliates; provided, however, that in the case of a Change of Control of Jazz, Pfenex may not
disband the JDC prior to the Manufacturing Process Transfer under Section 4.7.     13.8 Performance by Affiliates . Each Party may
discharge any obligations and exercise any right hereunder through any of its Affiliates. Each Party hereby guarantees the performance by its Affiliates of such Party s obligations under this Agreement, and shall cause its Affiliates to comply
with the provisions of this Agreement in connection with such performance. Any breach by a Party s Affiliate of any of such Party s obligations under this Agreement shall be deemed a breach by such Party, and the other Party may proceed
directly against such Party without any obligation to first proceed against such Party s Affiliate.  
      59.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

13.9 Further Actions . Each Party agrees to execute, acknowledge and deliver such further
instruments, and to do all such other acts, as may be necessary or appropriate in order to carry out the purposes and intent of this Agreement.  
  13.10 Severability . If any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable by any court of
competent jurisdiction from which no appeal can be or is taken, the provision shall be considered severed from this Agreement and shall not serve to invalidate any remaining provisions hereof. The Parties shall make a good faith effort to replace
any invalid or unenforceable provision with a valid and enforceable one such that the objectives contemplated by the Parties when entering this Agreement may be realized.  
  13.11 No Waiver . Any delay in enforcing a Party s rights under this Agreement or any waiver as to a particular default or other
matter shall not constitute a waiver of such Party s rights to the future enforcement of its rights under this Agreement, except with respect to an express written and signed waiver relating to a particular matter for a particular period of
time.     13.12 Independent Contractors . Each Party shall act solely as an independent contractor, and nothing in this Agreement shall
be construed to give either Party the power or authority to act for, bind, or commit the other Party in any way. Nothing herein shall be construed to create the relationship of partners, principal and agent, or joint-venture partners between the
Parties.     13.13 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one (1) or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Executed counterpart signature pages delivered via facsimile or similar electronic transmission in .PDF or similar format shall be deemed binding as originals.  
  13.14 Remedies Non-Exclusive and Cumulative . Unless expressly stated otherwise in this Agreement, all remedies provided for in this
Agreement shall be cumulative and in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies available to either Party at law, in equity, or otherwise in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, including any claim for breach of this Agreement.
Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted as limiting either Party s rights to pursue any remedies for breach of contract of this Agreement, except as expressly stated otherwise in this Agreement.  
 {Signature page follows}  
      60.  
 [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been
requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

I N  W ITNESS  W HEREOF ,  the Parties have executed
this License and Option Agreement by their duly authorized officers as of the Effective Date.      

J AZZ  P HARMACEUTICALS  I RELAND  L IMITED   

P FENEX  I NC .   

By: 
   
   /s/ Paul Treacy  

By: 
   
   /s/ Bertrand Liang   
 
 Name: 
   
 Paul Treacy 

Name: 
   
 Bertrand Liang  
 
 Title: 
   
 Director 

Title: 
   
 CEO  
 
      [***] Certain information in this
document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

LIST OF EXHIBITS:       

Exhibit A 

Patents: Pfenex Patents, Pfenex Pegaspargase Product Patents, Pfenex ROFN Product Patents  

Exhibit B 

Exceptions from Exclusivity  

Exhibit C 

Initial Development Plans  

Exhibit D 

COGS Variance Calculations  

Exhibit E 

Certain Product Information  

Exhibit 1.19 

COGS Improvement  

Exhibit 1.44 

Expression Feasibility Data Package  

Exhibit 1.92 

Components of Option Data Package 1  

Exhibit 1.100 

Description of Pegaspargase Product  

Exhibit 1.143 

Successful Expression Criteria  

Exhibit 1.147 

Third Party Agreements  

Exhibit 6.3 

Development Milestones for HemOnc Products  

Exhibit 6.4 

Sales Milestones for HemOnc-NextGen  

Exhibit 6.5(a) 

Royalties on HemOnc Products  

Exhibit 10.4(b) 

Joint Press Release  

Exhibit 11.4(a)(i) 

Indemnification and Insurance Provisions Applicable to Pfenex  
 
      [***] Certain information in this
document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

Exhibit A    
   Patents: Pfenex Patents, Pfenex Pegaspargase Product Patents, Pfenex ROFN Product Patents     
 The published patents and patent application listed in Schedule A below have been assigned to Pfenex and may be relevant to a [***] process.  

[***] Certain information in this
document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

[***] Certain information in this
document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

The patents and published applications listed in Schedule B may be relevant to a [***] process and have been licensed to
Pfenex on a non-exclusive basis.      
   The Korean patent listed in Schedule C is assigned to Pfenex and is not licensed to Dow and may be relevant to a [***]
process.      
 
      [***] Certain information in this
document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

Exhibit B    
   Exceptions from Exclusivity     
 [***]  
      [***] Certain information in this
document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

Exhibit C    
   Initial Development Plans    
 Attached.  
      [***] Certain information in this
document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

DEVELOPMENT PLAN NARRATIVE FOR [***]   
  [***]   
      [***] Certain information in this
document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

GANTT CHART FOR [***]   
  [***]   
      [***] Certain information in this
document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

DEVELOPMENT PLAN NARRATIVE FOR [***]   
 [***]  
      [***] Certain information in this
document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

GANTT CHART FOR  [***]    
 [***]  
      [***] Certain information in this
document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

DEVELOPMENT PLAN NARRATIVE FOR  [***]    
 [***]  
      [***] Certain information in this
document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

GANTT CHART FOR  [***]    
 [***]  
      [***] Certain information in this
document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

Exhibit D    
   COGS Variance Calculation      [***]
 
      [***] Certain information in this
document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

Exhibit E    
   Certain Product Information      [***]
 
      [***] Certain information in this
document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

Exhibit 1.19    
   COGS Improvement    
 [***]  
      [***] Certain information in this
document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

Exhibit 1.44    
   Expression Feasibility Data Package    
 [***]  
      [***] Certain information in this
document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

Exhibit 1.92    
   Components of Option Data Package 1    
 [***]  
      [***] Certain information in this
document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

Exhibit 1.100    
   Description of Pegaspargase Product    
 Pegaspargase Product is L-asparaginase ( E. coli  derived L-asparagine amidohydrolase) that is covalently conjugated to monomethoxypolyethylene glycol
(mPEG). Pfenex s proprietary L- asparaginase is a tetrameric enzyme that is produced recombinantly in  Pseudomonas fluorescens  and consists of identical 34.5 kDa subunits. Approximately 69 to 82 molecules of mPEG are linked to the L-
asparaginase; the molecular weight of each mPEG molecule is about 5 kDa.  
      [***] Certain information in this
document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

Exhibit 1.143    
   Successful Expression Criteria    
  [***]   

[***] 
    
 [***] 
    
 [***]  
 
 [***] 
    
 [***] 
    
 [***]  
 
 [***] 
    
 [***] 

[***] 
    
 [***] 
    
 [***]  
    [***]   

[***] 
    
 [***] 
    
 [***]  
 
 [***] 
    
 [***] 

[***] 
    
 [***] 

[***] 
    
 [***] 
    
 [***]  
   [***]  
      [***] Certain information in this
document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

Exhibit 1.147    
   Third Party Agreements      Technology
Assignment Agreement by and among Dow Global Technologies Inc., The Dow Chemical Company and Pfenex Inc. effective as of November 30, 2009  
 Technology Licensing Agreement by and among Dow Global Technologies Inc., The Dow Chemical Company and Pfenex Inc. effective as of November 30, 2009  

      [***] Certain information in this
document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

Exhibit 6.3    
   Development Milestones for HemOnc Products        
 
      [***] Certain information in this
document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

Exhibit 6.4    
   Sales Milestones for HemOnc-NextGen        
   Under no circumstances shall Jazz be obligated to pay Pfenex more than one hundred twenty million Dollars ($120,000,000)
pursuant to Section 6.4.  
      [***] Certain information in this
document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

Exhibit 6.5(a)    
   Royalties on HemOnc Products         

[***]  
    
   [***]  
    
   [***]   

[***]  
    
   [***]   

[***]  
    
 [***] 
    
 [***] 
    
 [***]  
 
   [***]  
    
 [***] 
    
 [***] 
    
 [***]  
 
   [***]  
    
 [***] 
    
 [***] 
    
 [***]  
   [***]  
      [***] Certain information in this
document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

Exhibit 10.4(b)    
   Joint Press Release    
 Attached.  
      [***] Certain information in this
document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

Jazz Pharmaceuticals and Pfenex Enter into a Worldwide License and Option Agreement Related to Product
Candidates in Early Development for Hematological Malignancies     DUBLIN and SAN DIEGO July 28, 2016   Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc (Nasdaq: JAZZ)
and Pfenex Inc. (NYSE MKT: PFNX) today announced an agreement under which Pfenex granted Jazz Pharmaceuticals worldwide rights to develop and commercialize multiple early stage hematology product candidates. The agreement also includes an option for
Jazz Pharmaceuticals to negotiate a license for a recombinant pegaspargase product candidate with Pfenex. This early development stage collaboration demonstrates Jazz Pharmaceuticals  focus on identifying innovative technologies that may lead
to the development of important therapeutic options for patients with hematological malignancies.    Under the agreement, Pfenex will receive upfront and
option payments totaling $15 million and may be eligible to receive additional payments of up to $166 million based on the achievement of certain development-, regulatory-, and sales-related milestones, including up to $41 million for certain
non-sales-related milestones. Pfenex may also be eligible to receive tiered royalties on worldwide sales of any products resulting from the collaboration. Both parties will be contributing to development efforts.  
  The collaboration with Pfenex, including access to its unique  protein expression technology , demonstrates our emphasis on diversifying and
strengthening our portfolio to provide improved therapeutic options for patients.  said Karen Smith M.D., Ph.D, global head of research and development and chief medical officer at Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc.  We look forward to working with
Pfenex on the development of multiple product candidates that have the potential to broaden our hematology/oncology portfolio.      Our
collaboration with Jazz further validates Pfenex s product development capability enabled by our protein expression platform technology. We look forward to working with Jazz on these assets in support of further advancement in clinical
development,  said Bertrand C. Liang, chief executive officer of Pfenex.      About Pfenex Inc.    
 Pfenex Inc. (NYSE MKT: PFNX) is a clinical-stage biotechnology company engaged in the development of biosimilar therapeutics and high-value and difficult to
manufacture proteins. The company s lead product candidate is PF582, a biosimilar candidate to Lucentis (ranibizumab), for the potential treatment of patients with retinal diseases. Pfenex has leveraged its  Pf  nex Expression
Technology      platform to build a pipeline of product candidates and preclinical products under development including other biosimilars, as well as vaccines, therapeutic equivalents
to reference listed drug products, and next generation biologics. For more information, please visit  www.pfenex.com .      About Jazz
Pharmaceuticals    
      [***] Certain information in this
document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc (Nasdaq: JAZZ) is an international biopharmaceutical company focused on improving
patients  lives by identifying, developing and commercializing meaningful products that address unmet medical needs. The company has a diverse portfolio of products and product candidates, with a focus in the areas of sleep and
hematology/oncology. In these areas, Jazz Pharmaceuticals markets Xyrem    (sodium oxybate) oral solution, Erwinaze    (asparaginase
 Erwinia chrysanthemi ) and Defitelio    (defibrotide sodium) in the U.S. and markets Erwinase    and Defitelio    (defibrotide) in countries outside the U.S. For more information, please visit  www.jazzpharmaceuticals.com .  
   Jazz Pharmaceuticals   Safe Harbor  Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995    
   This press release contain s  forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements related to the potential benefits of certain
preclinical product candidates and related development activities, potential future payments to Pfenex by Jazz Pharmaceuticals, the potential broadening of Jazz Pharmaceuticals  product portfolio and other statements that are not historical
facts. These forward-looking statements are based on Jazz Pharmaceuticals  current plans, objectives, estimates, expectations and intentions, and inherently involve significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results and the timing of
events could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements as a result of these risks and uncertainties, which include, without limitation, risks and uncertainties associated with the difficulty and uncertainty of
pharmaceutical product development and the uncertainty of preclinical and clinical success, and the risks and uncertainties described from time to time under the caption  Risk Factors  and elsewhere in Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc s
Securities and Exchange Commission filings and reports (Commission File No. 001-33500), including the company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 and future filings and reports by the
company. Other risks and uncertainties of which Jazz Pharmaceuticals is not currently aware may also affect its forward-looking statements and may cause actual results and timing of events to differ materially from those anticipated. The
forward-looking statements herein are made only as of the date hereof or as of the dates indicated in the forward-looking statements, even if they are subsequently made available by Jazz Pharmaceuticals on its website or otherwise. Jazz
Pharmaceuticals does not undertake any obligation to update or supplement any forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, new information, future events, changes in expectations or other circumstances that exist after the date as of which
the forward-looking statements were made.        Pfenex Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements    
 This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements
generally relate to future events or Pfenex s future financial or operating performance. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified because they contain words such as  may,   will,   should, 
 expects,   plans,   anticipates,   could,   intends,   target,   projects,   contemplates,   believes,   estimates,   predicts, 
 potential  or  continue  or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern Pfenex s expectations, strategy, plans or intentions. Forward-looking statements in this press release include, but
are not limited to,  
      [***] Certain information in this
document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

statements regarding the future potential of the hematology product candidates, including future plans to develop, manufacture and commercialize these product candidates; the potential to receive
future milestone and royalty payments under Pfenex s agreements with Jazz Pharmaceuticals; and the belief that these product candidates may lead to therapeutic options for patients with hematological malignancies. Actual results may differ
materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of the uncertainties inherent in the clinical drug development process, including, without limitation, challenges in successfully demonstrating the efficacy and safety
of product candidates; the pre-clinical and clinical results for product candidates, which may not support further development of product candidates or may require additional clinical trials or modifications of ongoing clinical trials or regulatory
pathways; challenges related to commencement, patient enrollment, completion, and analysis of clinical trials; Pfenex s ability to obtain additional funding to support its business activities and establish and maintain strategic business
alliances and new business initiatives; Pfenex s dependence on third parties for development, manufacture, marketing, sales and distribution of products; unexpected expenditures; and difficulties in obtaining and maintaining intellectual
property protection for product candidates. Information on these and additional risks, uncertainties, and other information affecting Pfenex s business and operating results is contained in Pfenex s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2015, Pfenex s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, and in Pfenex s subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The forward-looking statements in this
press release are based on information available to Pfenex as of the date hereof, and Pfenex disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, except as required by law.  
 Pfenex investors and others should note that Pfenex announces material information to the public about Pfenex through a variety of means, including its
website ( http://www.pfenex.com/ ), investor relations website ( http://pfenex.investorroom.com/ ), press releases, SEC filings, public conference calls, corporate Twitter account ( https://twitter.com/pfenex ), Facebook page
( https://www.facebook.com/Pfenex-Inc-105908276167776/timeline/ ), and LinkedIn page ( https://www.linkedin.com/company/pfenex-inc ) in order to achieve broad, non-exclusionary distribution of information to the public and to comply with
its disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Pfenex encourages its investors and others to monitor and review the information Pfenex makes public in these locations as such information could be deemed to be material information. Please note that
this list may be updated from time to time.      
    Pfenex Contact     Paul
Wagner, Ph.D.    Chief Financial Officer  
      [***] Certain information in this
document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

(858) 352-4333  
 pwagner@pfenex.com  
      [***] Certain information in this
document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

Exhibit 11.4(a)(i)    
   Indemnification and Insurance Provisions Applicable to Pfenex    
 [***]  
      [***] Certain information in this
document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 d255800dex102.htm
 EX-10.2

EX-10.2 

Exhibit 10.2   
  CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED   
 CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS DOCUMENT HAVE BEEN REDACTED AND HAVE BEEN SEPARATELY FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. INFORMATION THAT WAS
OMITTED IN THE EDGAR VERSION HAS BEEN NOTED IN THIS DOCUMENT WITH A PLACEHOLDER IDENTIFIED BY THE MARK  [***].     .OMB Approval
2700-0042       

AMENDMENT OF SOLICITATION/MODIFICATION OF CONTRACT  

1. CONTRACT ID CODE              
   
       PAGE OF PAGES   

N/A 
   
     1     
   
     2       

2. AMENDMENT/MODIFICATION NO.     
 0009  

3. EFFECTIVE DATE       
   [See block 16C, below]  

4. REQUISITION/PURCHASE REQ. NO         

5. PROJECT NO.  (If applicable)  
  N/A   

The above numbered, solicitation is amended as set
forth in item 14. The hour and date specified for receipt of Offers       is extended       is not extended.  
 Offers must acknowledge receipt of this amendment prior to the hour and date specified in the solicitation or as amended by one of the following methods:  
 (a) By completing Items 8 and 15, and returning one (1) copy of the amendment; (b) By acknowledging receipt of this amendment on each copy of the offer
submitted; or (c) By separate letter or telegram which includes a reference to the solicitation and amendment numbers, FAILURE OF YOUR ACKNOWLEDGMENT TO BE RECEIVED AT THE PLACE DESIGNATED FOR THE RECEIPT OF OFFERS PRIOR TO THE HOUR AND DATE
SPECIFIED MAY RESULT IN REJECTION OF YOUR OFFER. If by virtue of this amendment you desire to change an offer already submitted, such change may be made by telegram or letter, provided each telegram or letter makes reference to the solicitation and
this amendment, and is received prior to the opening hour and date specified.      

12. ACCOUNTING AND APPROPRIATION DATA ( If Required )  

13. THIS ITEM APPLIES ONLY TO MODIFICATIONS OF CONTRACTS/ORDERS,  
  IT MODIFIES THE CONTRACT/ORDER NO., AS DESCRIBED IN ITEM 14    

A. THIS CHANGE ORDER IS ISSUED PURSUANT TO:
( Specify Authority ) THE CHANGES SET FORTH IN ITEM 14 ARE MADE IN THE CONTRACT ORDER NO. IN ITEM 10A.       

B. THE ABOVE NUMBERED CONTRACT/ORDER IS MODIFIED TO
REFLECT THE ADMINISTRATIVE CHANGES ( such as changes in paying office, appropriation date, etc. ) SET FORTH IN ITEM 14, PURSUANT TO THE AUTHORITY OF FAR 43,103 (b). 

C. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT IS ENTERED INTO
PURSUANT TO AUTHORITY OF:   Mutual Agreement of the Parties       

D. OTHER ( Specify type of modification and
authority )       

E. IMPORTANT :
Contractor            is NOT         is required to sign this document and return  1  copies to the issuing office.  

14. DESCRIPTION OF AMENDMENT/MODIFICATION (Organized by UCF section headings, including solicitation/contract
subject matter where feasible.)  

PURPOSE : The
purpose of this modification is to update ARTICLE G.2. Key Personnel.        

TOTAL FUNDS CURRENTLY OBLIGATED: $[***] 
 TOTAL ESTIMATED COST: $[***]  
   
   FUNDED THROUGH DATE: December 31, 2017 (Unchanged) 
 COMPLETION DATE: December 31, 2017 (Unchanged)   

Except as provided herein, all terms and conditions of the document referenced in Item 9A or 10A, as heretofore changed, remains unchanged and in full force
and effect.        

15A. NAME AND TITLE OF SIGNER 

16A. NAME
AND TITLE OF CONTRACTING OFFICER   Michael P. Welsh   Contracting
Officer, MID RCB-B, OA, DEA, NIAID, NIH, DHHS       
 
   15B. CONTRACTOR/OFFEROR 
     /s/ Patrick Lucy 
  (Signature of person authorized to sign)   
   
   15C. DATE SIGNED 
 9/27/16  
    
   16B. UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
     /s/ Michael P. Welsh 
  (Signature of Contracting Officer)       
   
   16C. DATE SIGNED 
 9/28/16   
     
   [***] Certain information in this document has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

ARTICLE G.2. KEY PERSONNEL (HHSAR 352.242-70 (January 2006)  is hereby modified to update
key personnel as follows:      

Name  
    
   Title   

[***]  
    
  Principal Investigator   

[***]                  

Deputy Principle Investigator   
 
   [***]  
    
 Clinician focused on pre-clinical and clinical studies  
 
   [***]  
    
 Director Downstream Processing (DSP) and Analytical Biochemistry  
 
   [***]  
    
 Project Manager  
 
   [***]  
    
 Project Control Manager  

HHS-556     [***] Certain information in this document has
been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.  

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 d255800dex103.htm
 EX-10.3

EX-10.3 

Exhibit 10.3   
  PFENEX INC.      EXECUTIVE
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT     This Executive Employment Agreement (the   Agreement  ) is entered into by and between Pfenex
Inc. (the   Company  ), and Steven S. Sandoval, Sr. (  Executive  ). This Agreement will be effective as the date Executive commences employment with the Company (the   Effective Date  ). It is
expected that the Effective Date will be September 26, 2016.    1.  Duties and Scope of Employment .  
 (a)  Positions and Duties . Effective as of the Effective Date, Executive will serve as the Company s Chief Manufacturing Officer.
Executive will render such business and professional services in the performance of Executive s duties, consistent with Executive s position within the Company, as will reasonably be assigned to Executive by the Company s Chief
Executive Officer. The period of Executive s employment under this Agreement is referred to herein as the   Employment Term .   
 (b)  Obligations . During the Employment Term, Executive will perform Executive s duties faithfully and to the best of
Executive s ability and will devote Executive s full business efforts and time to the Company. For the duration of the Employment Term, Executive agrees not to actively engage in any other employment, occupation or consulting activity for
any direct or indirect remuneration without the prior approval of the Company s board of directors (the   Board  ), except as provided in Schedule 1.  
 2.  At-Will Employment . The parties agree that Executive s employment with the Company will be  at-will  employment and
may be terminated at any time with or without Cause or notice. Executive understands and agrees that neither Executive s job performance nor promotions, commendations, bonuses or the like from the Company give rise to or in any way serve as the
basis for modification, amendment, or extension, by implication or otherwise, of Executive s employment with the Company. However, as described in this Agreement, Executive may be entitled to severance benefits depending on the circumstances of
Executive s termination of employment with the Company.    3.  Compensation .  
 (a)  Base Salary . Effective as of the Effective Date, the Company will pay Executive an annual salary of $296,276 as compensation
for Executive s employment services to the Company (the   Base Salary  ). The Base Salary will be paid periodically in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices and be subject to the usual, required
withholdings. Executive s annual salary will be subject to review and adjustments as may be made based upon the Company s normal performance review practices.  
 (b)  Relocation Bonus . Executive will receive a one-time cash relocation bonus of $75,000, less applicable withholdings, payable
with on the first Company payroll date following the Effective Date (the   Relocation Bonus  ), provided that Executive remains an employee of the Company on the date the Relocation Bonus is paid to Executive. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if  

(i) Executive s employment with the Company terminates due to Executive s voluntary resignation other than for Good Reason prior to the first anniversary of the Effective Date, or (ii)
Executive does not relocate to the San Diego Metropolitan area prior to the first anniversary of the Effective Date, then, Executive must repay the gross amount of the Relocation Bonus to the Company within 30 days of earlier of the date
Executive s employment with the Company terminates due to Executive s voluntary resignation other than for Good Reason or the first anniversary of the Effective Date.  
 (c)  Target Bonus . Beginning with calendar year 2017, Executive will be eligible to receive an annual bonus of up to twenty-five
percent (25%) of Executive s Base Salary upon achievement of performance objectives to be determined by the Board in its sole discretion (the   Target Bonus  ). The Target Bonus, or any portion thereof, will be paid, less
applicable withholdings, as soon as practicable after the Board determines that the Target Bonus has been earned, but in no event shall the Target Bonus be paid after the later of (i) the fifteenth
(15 th ) day of the third (3 rd ) month following the close of the Company s fiscal year in which the Target Bonus is earned or (ii)
March 15 following the calendar year in which the Target Bonus is earned. Executive s Target Bonus will be subject to review and adjustments as may be made based upon the Company s normal performance review practices.  
 (d)  Stock Option . Subject to the approval of the Board (or a committee thereof), Executive will be granted a nonstatutory stock
option to purchase 132,290 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price per share equal to the fair market value on the date of grant (the   Option  ). Subject to the accelerated vesting provisions set forth
herein, the Option will vest as to 25% of the shares subject to the Option one (1) year after the Effective Date, and as to 1/48th of the shares subject to the Option monthly thereafter on the same day of the month as the Effective Date (and if
there is no corresponding day, the last day of the month), so that the Option will be fully vested and exercisable four (4) years from the Option s date of grant, subject to Executive continuing to provide services to the Company through the
relevant vesting dates. Except as provided herein, the Option will be subject to the terms and conditions of an equity incentive plan and related stock option agreement approved by the Board (or a committee thereof), including vesting
requirements (collectively, the   Equity Documents  ). No right to any stock is earned or accrued until such time that vesting occurs, nor does the grant confer any right to continue vesting or employment.  
 4.  Employee Benefits . During the Employment Term, Executive will be entitled to participate in the employee benefit plans
currently and hereafter maintained by the Company of general applicability to other senior executives of the Company. The Company reserves the right to cancel or change the benefit plans and programs it offers to its employees at any time.  
 5.  Expenses . The Company will reimburse Executive for reasonable travel, entertainment or other expenses incurred by Executive in
the furtherance of or in connection with the performance of Executive s duties hereunder, in accordance with the Company s expense reimbursement policy as in effect from time to time.  
 6.  Severance .    (a)
 Termination for other than Cause, Death or Disability Apart from a Change of Control . If, outside of the Change of Control Period, (i) the Company (or any parent or subsidiary or  
      -2-  

successor of the Company) terminates Executive s employment with the Company other than for Cause, death or Disability, or (ii) the Executive resigns from such employment for Good Reason,
then, subject to Section 7, Executive will be entitled to receive:    (i) continuing payments of severance pay for a period of nine (9)
months at a rate equal to (x) the sum of (A) seventy-five percent (75%) of Executive s Base Salary rate, as then in effect,  plus  (B) the sum of all performance bonuses paid to Executive for the Company s fiscal year immediately
preceding the fiscal year in which Executive s termination of employment occurs  divided by  (y) nine (9). The severance will be paid, less applicable withholdings, in installments over the severance period described herein with the first
payment to commence on the sixty-first (61st) day following Executive s termination of employment (and include any severance payments that otherwise would have been paid to Executive within the sixty (60) days following Executive s
termination date), with any remaining payments paid in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices for the remainder of the severance period following Executive s termination of employment (subject to any delay as may be
required by Section 7(c)).    (ii) if Executive elects continuation coverage pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act
of 1985, as amended (  COBRA  ) within the time period prescribed pursuant to COBRA for Executive and Executive s eligible dependents, then the Company will reimburse Executive for the COBRA premiums for such coverage (at the
coverage levels in effect immediately prior to Executive s termination) until the earlier of (A) a period of nine (9) months from the date of termination or (B) the date upon which Executive and/or Executive s eligible dependents are no
longer eligible for COBRA continuation coverage. The reimbursements will be made by the Company to Executive consistent with the Company s normal expense reimbursement policy. Notwithstanding the first sentence of this Section 6(a)(ii), if the
Company determines in its sole discretion that it cannot provide the foregoing benefit without potentially violating, or being subject to an excise tax under, applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service
Act), the Company will in lieu thereof provide to Executive a taxable monthly payment, payable on the last day of a given month (except as provided by the following sentence), in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that Executive would be
required to pay to continue the group health coverage for Executive and/or Executive s eligible dependents in effect on the termination of employment date (which amount will be based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage), which
payments will be made regardless of whether Executive and/or Executive s eligible dependents elect COBRA continuation coverage and will commence on the month following Executive s termination of employment and will end on the earlier of
(x) the date upon which Executive obtains other employment or (y) the date the Company has paid an amount equal to nine (9) payments. Any such taxable monthly payments that otherwise would have been paid to Executive within the sixty (60) days
following Executive s termination date instead will be paid on the sixty-first (61st) day following Executive s termination of employment, with any remaining payments paid as provided in the prior sentence (subject to any delay as may be
required by Section 7(c)). For the avoidance of doubt, the taxable payments in lieu of COBRA reimbursements may be used for any purpose, including, but not limited to continuation coverage under COBRA, and will be subject to all applicable tax
withholdings.    (b)  Termination for other than Cause, Death or Disability or Resignation by Executive for Good Reason Related to a
Change of Control.  If, within the Change of Control Period (i) the Company (or any parent or subsidiary or successor of the Company) terminates Executive s  
      -3-  

employment with the Company other than for Cause, death or Disability, or (ii) the Executive resigns from such employment for Good Reason, then, subject to Section 8, Executive will be entitled
to receive:    (i) a lump sum payment equal to one hundred and fifty percent (150%) of the sum of: (A) Executive s Base Salary, as
then in effect, or if greater, at the level in effect immediately prior to the Change of Control,  plus  (B) Executive s Target Bonus in effect for the fiscal year in which Executive s termination of employment occurs. The severance
will be paid, less applicable withholdings, on the sixty-first (61st) day following Executive s termination of employment in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices (subject to any delay as may be required by Section
7(c)). For the avoidance of doubt, if (x) Executive incurred a termination of employment prior to a Change of Control that qualifies Executive for severance payments under Section 6(a)(i); and (y) a Change of Control occurs within the three
(3)-month period following Executive s termination of employment that qualifies Executive for the superior benefits under this Section 6(b)(i), then Executive shall be entitled to a lump-sum payment of the amount calculated under this Section
6(b)(i), less amounts already paid under Section 6(a)(i).    (ii) if Executive elects continuation coverage pursuant to COBRA within the
time period prescribed pursuant to COBRA for Executive and Executive s eligible dependents, then the Company will reimburse Executive for the COBRA premiums for such coverage (at the coverage levels in effect immediately prior to
Executive s termination) until the earlier of (A) a period of eighteen (18) months from the date of termination or (B) the date upon which Executive and/or Executive s eligible dependents are no longer eligible for COBRA continuation
coverage. The reimbursements will be subject to the same conditions, limitations, and restrictions as the COBRA benefits described in Section 6(a)(ii); provided, however, that if the Company provides Executive a taxable monthly payment in lieu of
COBRA reimbursement, such payment will end on the earlier of (x) the date upon which Executive obtains other employment or (y) the date the Company has paid an amount equal to eighteen (18) payments; and  
 (iii) accelerated vesting as to one hundred percent (100%) of Executive s then-outstanding equity awards to acquire Company common
stock.    (c)  Termination for Cause, Death or Disability; Resignation without Good Reason . If Executive s employment with
the Company (or any parent or subsidiary or successor of the Company) terminates voluntarily by Executive (except upon resignation for Good Reason), for Cause by the Company or due to Executive s death or Disability, then (i) all vesting will
terminate immediately with respect to Executive s outstanding equity awards, (ii) all payments of compensation by the Company to Executive hereunder will terminate immediately (except as to amounts already earned), and (iii) Executive will only
be eligible for severance benefits in accordance with the Company s established policies, if any, as then in effect.    (d)
 Exclusive Remedy . In the event of a termination of Executive s employment with the Company (or any parent or subsidiary or successor of the Company), the provisions of this Section 7 are intended to be and are exclusive and in lieu
of any other rights or remedies to which Executive or the Company may otherwise be entitled, whether at law, tort or contract, in equity, or under this Agreement, including any prior employment agreements entered into between the Company and
Executive. Executive will be entitled to no severance or other benefits upon  
      -4-  

termination of employment with respect to acceleration of award vesting or severance pay other than those benefits expressly set forth in this Section 7.  
 7.  Conditions to Receipt of Severance; No Duty to Mitigate . 
 (a)  Separation Agreement and Release of Claims . The receipt of any severance pursuant to Section 6(a) or (b) will be subject to
Executive signing and not revoking a separation agreement and release of claims in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Company (the   Release  ) and provided that such Release becomes effective and irrevocable no later than sixty
(60) days following the termination date (such deadline, the   Release Deadline  ). If the Release does not become effective and irrevocable by the Release Deadline, Executive will forfeit any rights to severance or benefits
under this Agreement. In no event will severance payments or benefits be paid or provided until the Release becomes effective and irrevocable.  
 (b)  Nonsolicitation . The receipt of any severance benefits pursuant to Section 6(a) or (b) will be subject to Executive not
violating the provisions of Section 11. In the event Executive breaches the provisions of Section 11, all continuing payments and benefits to which Executive may otherwise be entitled pursuant to Section 6(a) or (b) will immediately cease.  
 (c)  Section 409A .   (i)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, no severance pay or benefits to be paid or provided to Executive, if any, pursuant to this Agreement that, when considered together with any other severance payments or separation benefits,
are considered deferred compensation under Code Section 409A, and the final regulations and any guidance promulgated thereunder (  Section 409A  ) (together, the   Deferred Payments  ) will be paid or otherwise provided
until Executive has a  separation from service  within the meaning of Section 409A. Similarly, no severance payable to Executive, if any, pursuant to this Agreement that otherwise would be exempt from Section 409A pursuant to Treasury
Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9) will be payable until Executive has a  separation from service  within the meaning of Section 409A.  
 (ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if Executive is a  specified employee  within the meaning of
Section 409A at the time of Executive s termination (other than due to death), then the Deferred Payments that are payable within the first six (6) months following Executive s separation from service, will become payable on the first
payroll date that occurs on or after the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of Executive s separation from service. All subsequent Deferred Payments, if any, will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule
applicable to each payment or benefit. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if Executive dies following Executive s separation from service, but prior to the six (6) month anniversary of the separation from service, then any
payments delayed in accordance with this paragraph will be payable in a lump sum as soon as administratively practicable after the date of Executive s death and all other Deferred Payments will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule
applicable to each payment or benefit. Each payment and benefit payable under this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations.  
      -5-  

(iii) Any amount paid under this Agreement that satisfies the requirements of the
 short-term deferral  rule set forth in Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) of the Treasury Regulations will not constitute Deferred Payments for purposes of clause (i) above.  
 (iv) Any amount paid under this Agreement that qualifies as a payment made as a result of an involuntary separation from service pursuant to
Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii) of the Treasury Regulations that does not exceed the Section 409A Limit (as defined below) will not constitute Deferred Payments for purposes of clause (i) above.  
 (v) The foregoing provisions are intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the severance payments and benefits
to be provided hereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to so comply. The Company and Executive agree to work together in good faith to consider amendments to
this Agreement and to take such reasonable actions which are necessary, appropriate or desirable to avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition prior to actual payment to Executive under Section 409A. Executive agrees and
acknowledges that the Company makes no representations or warranties with respect to the application of Section 409A and other tax consequences to any payments hereunder and, by the acceptance of any such payments, Executive agrees to accept the
potential application of Section 409A and the other tax consequences of any payments made hereunder.    (d)  Confidential Information
Agreement . Executive s receipt of any payments or benefits under Section 6 will be subject to Executive continuing to comply with the terms of Confidential Information Agreement (as defined in Section 10).  
 (e)  No Duty to Mitigate . Executive will not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment contemplated by this Agreement, nor
will any earnings that Executive may receive from any other source reduce any such payment.    8.  Definitions .  
 (a)  Cause . For purposes of this Agreement,   Cause   is defined as (i) the willful failure, disregard, or refusal
by Executive to perform the services hereunder or follow the reasonable instructions of the Board;  provided ,  however , that any willful failure, disregard, or refusal by Executive to perform the services hereunder that can reasonably be
cured shall not constitute Cause unless cure is not effected, as determined in good faith by the Board, within thirty (30) days after notice thereof is received by the Executive from the Company; (ii) any willful or grossly negligent act by the
Executive having the effect of injuring, in a material way (whether financial or otherwise) as determined in good faith by the Board, the business or reputation of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates; (iii) Executive s
conviction of, guilty plea, or plea of nolo contendere to any felony or a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude; (iv) the determination by the Company, after a reasonable and good faith investigation by the Company following a written allegation by
an employee of the Company, that the Executive engaged in some form of harassment prohibited by law (including, without limitation, age, sex, disability, or race discrimination) unless Executive s actions were specifically directed by the
Board; or (v) material breach by the Executive of any provision of this Agreement or any Confidential Information Agreement.  
      -6-  

(b)  Change of Control . For purposes of this Agreement,   Change of
Control   means the occurrence of any of the following events:    (i) a change in the ownership of the Company   which occurs
on the date that any one person, or more than one person acting as a group (  Person  ), acquires ownership of the stock of the Company that, together with the stock held by such Person, constitutes more than fifty percent
(50%) of the total voting power of the stock of the Company; provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection, the acquisition of additional stock by any one Person, who is considered to own more than fifty percent (50%) of the
total voting power of the stock of the Company will not be considered a Change in Control; or    (ii) a change in the ownership of a
substantial portion of the Company s assets which occurs on the date that any Person acquires (or has acquired during the twelve (12) month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons) assets
from the Company that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more than fifty percent (50%) of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such acquisition or acquisitions; provided,
however, that for purposes of this subsection (iii), the following will not constitute a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company s assets: (A) a transfer to an entity that is controlled by the Company s
stockholders immediately after the transfer, or (B) a transfer of assets by the Company to: (1) a stockholder of the Company (immediately before the asset transfer) in exchange for or with respect to the Company s stock,
(2) an entity, fifty percent (50%) or more of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company, (3) a Person, that owns, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50%) or more of the total
value or voting power of all the outstanding stock of the Company, or (4) an entity, at least fifty percent (50%) of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by a Person described in this subsection
(8)(b)(iii). For purposes of this subsection (iii), gross fair market value means the value of the assets of the Company, or the value of the assets being disposed of, determined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets.
   For purposes of this definition, persons will be considered to be acting as a group if they are owners of a corporation that enters into
a merger, consolidation, purchase or acquisition of stock, or similar business transaction with the Company.    Notwithstanding the
foregoing, a transaction will not be deemed a Change in Control unless the transaction qualifies as a change in control event within the meaning of Section 409A, as it has been and may be amended from time to time, and any proposed or final
Treasury Regulations and Internal Revenue Service guidance that has been promulgated or may be promulgated thereunder from time to time.  
 Further and for the avoidance of doubt, a transaction will not constitute a Change in Control if: (i) its sole purpose is to change the
state of the Company s incorporation, or (ii) its sole purpose is to create a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Company s securities immediately before such
transaction.  
      -7-  

(c)  Change of Control Period . For purposes of this Agreement,   Change of
Control Period   means the period that begins three (3) months prior to a Change of Control and ends twelve (12) months following a Change of Control.  
 (d)  Code . For purposes of this Agreement,   Code   means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.  
 (e)  Disability . For purposes of this Agreement,   Disability   means that Executive has been unable to engage in
any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment for a period of ninety (90) consecutive days or more, or more than one hundred and eighty (180) days within any twelve (12)-month period, in each
case, determined by the Board.    (f)  Good Reason . For the purposes of this Agreement,   Good Reason   means
Executive s resignation within thirty (30) days following the expiration of any Company cure period (discussed below) following the occurrence of one or more of the following, without Executive s express written consent: (i) a material
breach of any provision of this Agreement by the Company; (ii) any material reduction by the Company of Executive s duties, responsibilities, or authority; (iii) a material relocation of the Company s principal place of business of
Executive outside of the San Diego Metropolitan area; or (iv) a material diminution in Executive s annual base salary. Executive will not resign for Good Reason without first providing the Company with written notice of the acts or
omissions constituting the grounds for  Good Reason  within ninety (90) days of the initial existence of the grounds for  Good Reason  and a reasonable cure period of not less than thirty (30) days following the date the Company
receives such notice during which such condition must not have been cured.    (g)  Section 409A Limit . For purposes of this
Agreement,   Section 409A Limit   will mean two (2) times the lesser of: (i) Executive s annualized compensation based upon the annual rate of pay paid to Executive during the Executive s taxable year preceding the
Executive s taxable year of Executive s separation from service as determined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(A)(1) and any Internal Revenue Service guidance issued with respect thereto; or (ii) the maximum
amount that may be taken into account under a qualified plan pursuant to Section 401(a)(17) of the Internal Revenue Code for the year in which Executive s separation from service occurred.  
 9.  Limitation on Payments . In the event that the severance and other benefits provided for in this Agreement or otherwise payable
to Executive (the   Payments  ) (i) constitute  parachute payments  within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and (ii) but for this Section 9, would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, then
Executive s Payments will be either:    (a) delivered in full, or  
 (b) delivered as to such lesser extent which would result in no portion of such severance benefits being subject to the excise tax under
Section 4999 of the Code,    whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the excise tax
imposed by Section 4999, results in the receipt by Executive on an  
      -8-  

after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of Payments, notwithstanding that all or some portion of such Payments may be taxable under Section 4999 of the Code. If a reduction in the Payments
constituting  parachute payments  is necessary so that no portion of such Payments is subject to the excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code, the reduction shall occur in the following order: (1) reduction of the cash severance
payments; (2) cancellation of accelerated vesting of equity awards; and (3) reduction of continued employee benefits. In the event that acceleration of vesting of equity award compensation is to be reduced, such acceleration of vesting shall be
cancelled in the reverse order of the date of grant of Executive s equity awards.   A nationally recognized certified professional
services firm selected by the Company, the Company s legal counsel or such other person or entity to which the parties mutually agree (the   Firm  ) shall perform the foregoing calculations related to the Excise Tax. The Company
shall bear all expenses with respect to the determinations by the Firm required to be made hereunder. For purposes of making the calculations required by this Section, the Firm may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable
taxes and may rely on reasonable, good faith interpretations concerning the application of Code Sections 280G and 4999. The Company and Executive will furnish to the Firm such information and documents as the Firm may reasonably request in order to
make a determination under this Section. The Firm engaged to make the determinations hereunder shall provide its calculations, together with detailed supporting documentation, to the Company and Executive within fifteen (15) calendar days after the
date on which Executive s right to the severance benefits or other payments is triggered (if requested at that time by the Company or Executive) or such other time as requested by the Company or Executive. Any good faith determinations of the
Firm made hereunder shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon the Company and Executive.    10.  Confidential
Information . Executive agrees to execute the Company s At-Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment, and Arbitration Agreement (the   Confidential Information Agreement  ) concurrently with the
execution of this Agreement.    11.  Non-Solicitation . Until the date one (1) year after the termination of Executive s
employment with the Company for any reason, Executive agrees not, either directly or indirectly, to solicit any employee of the Company (or any parent or subsidiary of the Company) to leave Executive s employment either for Executive or for any
other entity or person.    12.  Assignment . This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of (a) the heirs,
executors and legal representatives of Executive upon Executive s death and (b) any successor of the Company. Any such successor of the Company will be deemed substituted for the Company under the terms of this Agreement for all
purposes. For this purpose,   successor   means any person, firm, corporation or other business entity which at any time, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, directly or indirectly acquires all or substantially all of the
assets or business of the Company. None of the rights of Executive to receive any form of compensation payable pursuant to this Agreement may be assigned or transferred except by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Any other
attempted assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of Executive s right to compensation or other benefits will be null and void.  
 13.  Notices . All notices, requests, demands and other communications called for hereunder will be in writing and will be deemed
given (i) on the date of delivery if delivered  
      -9-  

personally, (ii) one (1) day after being sent by a well established commercial overnight service, or (iii) four (4) days after being mailed by registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested, prepaid and addressed to the parties or their successors at the following addresses, or at such other addresses as the parties may later designate in writing:  
 If to the Company:    Pfenex  
 10790 Roselle St.    San Diego, CA
92121     Attn : Chief Executive Officer  
 If to Executive:    at the last
residential address known by the Company.    14.  Severability . In the event that any provision hereof becomes or is declared by
a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable or void, this Agreement will continue in full force and effect without said provision.  
 15.  Arbitration . Executive agrees that any and all controversies, claims, or disputes with anyone (including the Company and any
employee, officer, director, stockholder or benefit plan of the Company in their capacity as such or otherwise) arising out of, relating to, or resulting from Executive s service to the Company, shall be subject to arbitration in accordance
with the provisions of the Confidential Information Agreement.    16.  Integration . This Agreement, along with the Confidential
Information Agreement and the Equity Documents, represents the entire agreement and understanding between the parties as to the subject matter herein and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements whether written or oral. With respect
to equity awards granted on or after the date of this Agreement, the acceleration of vesting provisions provided herein will apply to such equity awards except to the extent the applicable equity award agreement expressly supersedes this
Agreement. This Agreement may be modified only by agreement of the parties by a written instrument executed by the parties that is designated as an amendment to this Agreement.  
 17.  Waiver of Breach . The waiver of a breach of any term or provision of this Agreement, which must be in writing, will not
operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other previous or subsequent breach of this Agreement.    18.  Headings . All
captions and section headings used in this Agreement are for convenient reference only and do not form a part of this Agreement.    19.
 Tax Withholding . All payments made pursuant to this Agreement will be subject to withholding of applicable taxes.    20.
 Governing Law . This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of California (with the exception of its conflict of laws provisions).  
      -10-  

21.  Acknowledgment . Executive acknowledges that Executive has had the opportunity to
discuss this matter with and obtain advice from Executive s private attorney, has had sufficient time to, and has carefully read and fully understands all the provisions of this Agreement, and is knowingly and voluntarily entering into this
Agreement.    22.  Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and each counterpart will have the same force
and effect as an original and will constitute an effective, binding agreement on the part of each of the undersigned.  
      -11-  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has executed this Agreement, in the case of the Company
by their duly authorized officers, as of the day and year first above written.      

COMPANY: 

PFENEX INC. 

By: 
   
   /s/ Bertrand C. Liang  

Date: 
   
   9/26/16   

Title: 
   
   CEO  

EXECUTIVE: 

/s/ Steven S. Sandoval  

Date: 
   
   9/26/16   
 
 Steven S. Sandoval, Sr. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT]   
      -12-  

SCHEDULE 1    
   [TO BE COMPLETED BY EXECUTIVE, IF APPLICABLE]    
      -13-  

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 5
 d255800dex104.htm
 EX-10.4

EX-10.4 

Exhibit 10.4   
  PFENEX INC.      2016
INDUCEMENT EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN     1.  Purposes of the Plan . The purposes of this Plan are to attract and retain the best
available personnel for positions of substantial responsibility by providing an inducement material to individuals  entering into employment with the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company.  
 The Plan permits the grant of Nonstatutory Stock Options, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Stock Appreciation Rights, Performance
Units and Performance Shares. Each Award under the Plan is intended to qualify as an employment inducement award under NYSE MKT Company Guide Rule 711 (the  Listing Rule ).  
 2.  Definitions . As used herein, the following definitions will apply:  
 (a)   Administrator   means the Board or any of its Committees as will be administering the Plan, in accordance with
Section 4 of the Plan.    (b)   Applicable Laws   means the requirements relating to the administration of equity-based
awards under U.S. state corporate laws, U.S. federal and state securities laws, the Code, any stock exchange or quotation system on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and the applicable laws of any foreign country or jurisdiction where
Awards are, or will be, granted under the Plan.    (c)   Award   means, individually or collectively, a grant under the Plan
of Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Units or Performance Shares.    (d)
  Award Agreement   means the written or electronic agreement setting forth the terms and provisions applicable to each Award granted under the Plan. The Award Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.  
 (e)   Board   means the Board of Directors of the Company.  
 (f)   Change in Control   means the occurrence of any of the following events:  
 (i) A change in the ownership of the Company which occurs on the date that any one person, or more than one person acting as a group
(  Person  ), acquires ownership of the stock of the Company that, together with the stock held by such Person, constitutes more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power of the stock of the Company; provided, however,
that for purposes of this subsection, the acquisition of additional stock by any one Person, who is considered to own more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power of the stock of the Company will not be considered a Change in
Control; or  

(ii) A change in the effective control of the Company which occurs on the date that a majority
of members of the Board is replaced during any twelve (12) month period by Directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the Board prior to the date of the appointment or election. For purposes of this
clause (ii), if any Person is considered to be in effective control of the Company, the acquisition of additional control of the Company by the same Person will not be considered a Change in Control; or  
 (iii) A change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company s assets which occurs on the date that any Person acquires (or
has acquired during the twelve (12) month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons) assets from the Company that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more than fifty percent
(50%) of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such acquisition or acquisitions; provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection (iii), the following will not constitute a change in
the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company s assets: (A) a transfer to an entity that is controlled by the Company s stockholders immediately after the transfer, or (B) a transfer of assets by the Company to:
(1) a stockholder of the Company (immediately before the asset transfer) in exchange for or with respect to the Company s stock, (2) an entity, fifty percent (50%) or more of the total value or voting power of which is
owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company, (3) a Person, that owns, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50%) or more of the total value or voting power of all the outstanding stock of the Company, or (4) an entity, at least
fifty percent (50%) of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by a Person described in this subsection (iii)(B)(3). For purposes of this subsection (iii), gross fair market value means the value of the assets
of the Company, or the value of the assets being disposed of, determined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets.  
 For purposes of this definition, persons will be considered to be acting as a group if they are owners of a corporation that enters into a
merger, consolidation, purchase or acquisition of stock, or similar business transaction with the Company.    Notwithstanding the
foregoing, a transaction will not be deemed a Change in Control unless the transaction qualifies as a change in control event within the meaning of Code Section 409A, as it has been and may be amended from time to time, and any proposed or
final Treasury Regulations and Internal Revenue Service guidance that has been promulgated or may be promulgated thereunder from time to time.  
 Further and for the avoidance of doubt, a transaction will not constitute a Change in Control if: (i) its sole purpose is to change the
state of the Company s incorporation, or (ii) its sole purpose is to create a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Company s securities immediately before such
transaction.    (g)   Code   means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Reference to a specific section of the Code
or regulation thereunder will include such section or regulation, any valid regulation promulgated under such section, and any comparable provision of any future legislation or regulation amending, supplementing or superseding such section or
regulation.  
      -2-  

(h)   Committee   means a committee of Directors or of other individuals
satisfying Applicable Laws appointed by the Board, or a duly authorized committee of the Board, in accordance with Section 4 hereof.  
 (i)   Common Stock   means the common stock of the Company.  
 (j)   Company   means Pfenex Inc., a Delaware corporation, or any successor thereto.  
 (k)   Consultant   means any natural person, including an advisor, engaged by the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary to render
bona fide services to such entity, provided the services (i) are not in connection with the offer or sale of securities in a capital-raising transaction, and (ii) do not directly promote or maintain a market for the Company s
securities, in each case, within the meaning of Form S-8 promulgated under the Securities Act and provided further that a Consultant will only include those persons to whom the issuance of Shares may be registered under Form S-8 promulgated under
the Securities Act.    (l)   Director   means a member of the Board.  
 (m)   Disability   means total and permanent disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code.  
 (n)   Employee   means any person, including Officers and Directors, employed by the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the
Company. Neither service as a Director nor payment of a director s fee by the Company will be sufficient to constitute  employment  by the Company. However, for the avoidance of doubt, although a person who is an Employee also may be
a Director, a person who already is serving as a Director prior to becoming an Employee will not be eligible to be granted an Award under the Plan unless permitted under the Listing Rule. The Company shall determine in good faith and in the exercise
of its discretion whether an individual has become or has ceased to be an Employee and the effective date of such individual s employment or termination of employment, as the case may be. For purposes of an individual s rights, if any,
under the Plan as of the time of the Company s determination, all such determinations by the Company shall be final, binding and conclusive, notwithstanding that the Company or any court of law or governmental agency subsequently makes a
contrary determination.    (o)   Exchange Act   means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  
 (p)   Exchange Program   means a program under which (i) outstanding Awards are surrendered or cancelled in exchange for
awards of the same type (which may have higher or lower exercise prices and different terms), awards of a different type, and/or cash, (ii) Participants would have the opportunity to transfer any outstanding Awards to a financial institution or
other person or entity selected by the Administrator, and/or (iii) the exercise price of an outstanding Award is increased or reduced. The Administrator will determine the terms and conditions of any Exchange Program in its sole discretion.
   (q)   Fair Market Value   means, as of any date, the value of Common Stock determined as follows:  
      -3-  

(i) If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or a national market system,
including without limitation the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE MKT LLC, the NASDAQ Global Select Market, the NASDAQ Global Market or the NASDAQ Capital Market of The NASDAQ Stock Market, its Fair Market Value will be the closing sales price for
such stock (or the closing bid, if no sales were reported) as quoted on such exchange or system on the day of determination, as reported in  The Wall Street Journal  or such other source as the Administrator deems reliable;  
 (ii) If the Common Stock is regularly quoted by a recognized securities dealer but selling prices are not reported, the Fair Market Value of
a Share will be the mean between the high bid and low asked prices for the Common Stock on the date of determination (or, if no bids and asks were reported on that date, as applicable, on the last trading date such bids and asks were reported), as
reported in  The Wall Street Journal  or such other source as the Administrator deems reliable; or    (iii) In the absence of an
established market for the Common Stock, the Fair Market Value will be determined in good faith by the Administrator.    (r)   Fiscal
Year   means the fiscal year of the Company.    (s)   Incentive Stock Option   means an Option that by its terms
qualifies and is intended to qualify as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code.    (t)
  Nonstatutory Stock Option   means an Option that by its terms does not qualify or is not intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option.  
 (u)   Officer   means a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.    (v)   Option   means a stock option granted pursuant to the Plan. All
Options granted under the Plan will be Nonstatutory Stock Options.    (w)   Parent   means a  parent corporation, 
whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(e) of the Code.    (x)   Participant   means the
holder of an outstanding Award.    (y)   Performance Share   means an Award denominated in Shares which may be earned in
whole or in part upon attainment of performance goals or other vesting criteria as the Administrator may determine pursuant to Section 10.  
 (z)   Performance Unit   means an Award which may be earned in whole or in part upon attainment of performance goals or other
vesting criteria as the Administrator may determine and which may be settled for cash, Shares or other securities or a combination of the foregoing pursuant to Section 10.  
      -4-  

(aa)   Period of Restriction   means the period during which the transfer of
Shares of Restricted Stock are subject to restrictions and therefore, the Shares are subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture. Such restrictions may be based on the passage of time, the achievement of target levels of performance, or the
occurrence of other events as determined by the Administrator.    (bb)   Plan   means this 2016 Inducement Equity Incentive
Plan.    (cc)   Restricted Stock   means Shares issued pursuant to a Restricted Stock award under Section 7 of the Plan,
or issued pursuant to the early exercise of an Option.    (dd)   Restricted Stock Unit   means a bookkeeping entry
representing an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of one Share, granted pursuant to Section 8. Each Restricted Stock Unit represents an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company.  
 (ee)   Rule 16b-3   means Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect when discretion is being
exercised with respect to the Plan.    (ff)   Section 16(b)   means Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act.  
 (gg)   Service Provider   means an Employee, Director or Consultant.  
 (hh)   Share   means a share of the Common Stock, as adjusted in accordance with Section 13 of the Plan.  
 (ii)   Stock Appreciation Right   means an Award, granted alone or in connection with an Option, that pursuant to
Section 9 is designated as a Stock Appreciation Right.    (jj)   Subsidiary   means a  subsidiary
corporation,  whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(f) of the Code.    3.
 Stock Subject to the Plan .    (a)  Stock Subject to the Plan . Subject to the provisions
of Section 13 of the Plan, the maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be issued under the Plan is 500,000 Shares. In addition, Shares may become available for issuance under the Plan pursuant to Section 3(b). The Shares may be
authorized, but unissued, or reacquired Common Stock.    (b)  Lapsed Awards . If an Award expires or becomes unexercisable without
having been exercised in full, is surrendered pursuant to an Exchange Program, or, with respect to Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Units or Performance Shares, is forfeited to, or repurchased by, the Company due to failure to
vest, then the unpurchased Shares (or for Awards other than Options or Stock Appreciation Rights the forfeited or repurchased Shares), which were subject thereto will become available for future grant or sale under the Plan (unless the Plan has
terminated). With respect to Stock Appreciation Rights, only Shares actually issued (i.e., the net Shares issued) pursuant to a Stock Appreciation Right will cease to be available under the Plan; all remaining Shares under Stock Appreciation
Rights will remain  
      -5-  

available for future grant or sale under the Plan (unless the Plan has terminated). Shares that actually have been issued under the Plan under any Award will not be returned to the Plan and will
not become available for future distribution under the Plan; provided, however, that if Shares issued pursuant to Awards of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares or Performance Units are repurchased by the Company or are
forfeited to the Company, such Shares will become available for future grant under the Plan. Shares used to pay the exercise price of an Award or to satisfy the tax withholding obligations related to an Award will become available for future grant
or sale under the Plan. To the extent an Award under the Plan is paid out in cash rather than Shares, such cash payment will not result in reducing the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan.  
 (c)  Share Reserve . The Company, during the term of this Plan, will at all times reserve and keep available such number of Shares as
will be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Plan.    4.  Administration of the Plan .  
 (a)  Procedure .    (i)
 Multiple Administrative Bodies . Different Committees with respect to different groups of Service Providers may administer the Plan.  
 (ii)  Rule 16b-3 . To the extent desirable to qualify transactions hereunder as exempt under Rule 16b-3, the transactions contemplated
hereunder will be structured to satisfy the requirements for exemption under Rule 16b-3.    (iii)  Other Administration . Other than
as provided above, the Plan will be administered by (A) the Board or (B) a Committee, which committee will be constituted to satisfy Applicable Laws. Until and unless determined otherwise by the Board, the Compensation Committee of the
Board will have full authority to act as Administrator.    (iv)  Approval . Awards granted under the Plan must be approved by a
majority of the Company s  Independent Directors  (as defined under the NYSE MKT LLC Listing Rules) or the Compensation Committee of the Board, in each case acting as Administrator.  
 (b)  Powers of the Administrator . Subject to the provisions of the Plan, and in the case of a Committee, subject to the specific duties
delegated by the Board to such Committee, the Administrator will have the authority, in its discretion:    (i) to determine the Fair Market
Value;    (ii) to select the individuals to whom Awards may be granted hereunder, subject to Section   
 (iii) to determine the number of Shares to be covered by each Award granted hereunder;  
      -6-  

(iv) to approve forms of Award Agreements for use under the Plan;  
 (v) to determine the terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, of any Award granted hereunder. Such terms and
conditions include, but are not limited to, the exercise price, the time or times when Awards may be exercised (which may be based on performance criteria), any vesting acceleration or waiver of forfeiture restrictions, and any restriction or
limitation regarding any Award or the Shares relating thereto, based in each case on such factors as the Administrator will determine;  
 (vi) to institute and determine the terms and conditions of an Exchange Program;  
 (vii) to construe and interpret the terms of the Plan and Awards granted pursuant to the Plan;  
 (viii) to prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan, including rules and regulations relating to sub-plans
established for the purpose of satisfying applicable foreign laws or for qualifying for favorable tax treatment under applicable foreign laws;  
 (ix) to modify or amend each Award (subject to Section 18 of the Plan), including but not limited to the discretionary authority to
extend the post-termination exercisability period of Awards and to extend the maximum term of an Option;    (x) to allow Participants to
satisfy tax withholding obligations in such manner as prescribed in Section 14 of the Plan;    (xi) to authorize any person to execute
on behalf of the Company any instrument required to effect the grant of an Award previously granted by the Administrator;    (xii) to allow
a Participant to defer the receipt of the payment of cash or the delivery of Shares that otherwise would be due to such Participant under an Award; and  
 (xiii) to make all other determinations deemed necessary or advisable for administering the Plan.  
 (c)  Effect of Administrator s Decision . The Administrator s decisions, determinations and interpretations will be final
and binding on all Participants and any other holders of Awards.    5.  Eligibility . Nonstatutory Stock Options, Stock Appreciation
Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares and Performance Units may be granted to may be granted to any individual as a material inducement to the individual becoming an Employee, as provided in the Listing Rule.  
      -7-  

6.  Stock Options .  
 (a)  Grant of Options . The Administrator, in its sole discretion and subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, may grant Options
to any individual as a material inducement to the individual becoming an Employee, which grant shall become effective only if the individual actually becomes an Employee. Subject to Section 6 and the other terms and conditions of the Plan, the
Administrator will have complete discretion to determine the number of Shares granted to any Employee. Each Option shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement (which may be in electronic form) that shall specify the exercise price, the expiration date
of the Option, the number of Shares covered by the Option, any conditions to exercise the Option, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its discretion, shall determine.  
 (b)  Term of Option . The term of each Option will be stated in the Award Agreement; provided, however, the term will be no more than ten
(10) years from the date of grant.    (c)  Option Exercise Price and Consideration .  
 (i)  Exercise Price . The per share exercise price for the Shares to be issued pursuant to exercise of an Option will be determined by
the Administrator, subject to the following:    (1) The per Share exercise price will be no less than one hundred percent (100%) of
the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant.    (2) Notwithstanding the foregoing, Options may be granted with a per Share
exercise price of less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant pursuant to a transaction described in, and in a manner consistent with, Section 424(a) of the Code.  
 (ii)  Waiting Period and Exercise Dates . At the time an Option is granted, the Administrator will fix the period within which the
Option may be exercised and will determine any conditions that must be satisfied before the Option may be exercised.    (iii)  Form of
Consideration . The Administrator will determine the acceptable form of consideration for exercising an Option, including the method of payment. Such consideration may consist entirely of: (1) cash; (2) check; (3) promissory note,
to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws, (4) other Shares, provided that such Shares have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Shares as to which such Option will be exercised and provided
that accepting such Shares will not result in any adverse accounting consequences to the Company, as the Administrator determines in its sole discretion; (5) consideration received by the Company under a broker-assisted (or other) cashless
exercise program (whether through a broker or otherwise) implemented by the Company in connection with the Plan; (6) by net exercise; (7) such other consideration and method of payment for the issuance of Shares to the extent
permitted by Applicable Laws; or (8) any combination of the foregoing methods of payment.  
      -8-  

(d)  Exercise of Option .  
 (i)  Procedure for Exercise; Rights as a Stockholder . Any Option granted hereunder will be exercisable according to the terms of the
Plan and at such times and under such conditions as determined by the Administrator and set forth in the Award Agreement. An Option may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share.  
 An Option will be deemed exercised when the Company receives: (i) a notice of exercise (in such form as the Administrator may specify
from time to time) from the person entitled to exercise the Option, and (ii) full payment for the Shares with respect to which the Option is exercised (together with applicable withholding taxes). Full payment may consist of any
consideration and method of payment authorized by the Administrator and permitted by the Award Agreement and the Plan. Shares issued upon exercise of an Option will be issued in the name of the Participant or, if requested by the Participant, in the
name of the Participant and his or her spouse. Until the Shares are issued (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company), no right to vote or receive dividends or any other
rights as a stockholder will exist with respect to the Shares subject to an Option, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. The Company will issue (or cause to be issued) such Shares promptly after the Option is exercised. No adjustment
will be made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date the Shares are issued, except as provided in Section 13 of the Plan.  
 Exercising an Option in any manner will decrease the number of Shares thereafter available, both for purposes of the Plan and for sale under
the Option, by the number of Shares as to which the Option is exercised.    (ii)  Termination of Relationship as a Service Provider .
If a Participant ceases to be a Service Provider, other than upon the Participant s termination as the result of the Participant s death or Disability, the Participant may exercise his or her Option within such period of time as is
specified in the Award Agreement to the extent that the Option is vested on the date of termination (but in no event later than the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Award Agreement). In the absence of a specified time in the
Award Agreement, the Option will remain exercisable for three (3) months following the Participant s termination. Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, if on the date of termination the Participant is not vested as to his or her
entire Option, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option will revert to the Plan. If after termination the Participant does not exercise his or her Option within the time specified by the Administrator, the Option will terminate, and
the Shares covered by such Option will revert to the Plan.    (iii)  Disability of Participant . If a Participant ceases to be a
Service Provider as a result of the Participant s Disability, the Participant may exercise his or her Option within such period of time as is specified in the Award Agreement to the extent the Option is vested on the date of termination (but in
no event later than the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Award Agreement). In the absence of a specified time in the Award Agreement, the Option will remain exercisable for twelve (12) months following the
Participant s termination. Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, if on the date of termination the Participant is not vested as to his or her entire Option, the Shares covered by the  
      -9-  

unvested portion of the Option will revert to the Plan. If after termination the Participant does not exercise his or her Option within the time specified herein, the Option will terminate, and
the Shares covered by such Option will revert to the Plan.    (iv)  Death of Participant . If a Participant dies while a Service
Provider, the Option may be exercised following the Participant s death within such period of time as is specified in the Award Agreement to the extent that the Option is vested on the date of death (but in no event may the option be exercised
later than the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Award Agreement), by the Participant s designated beneficiary, provided such beneficiary has been designated prior to Participant s death in a form acceptable to the
Administrator. If no such beneficiary has been designated by the Participant, then such Option may be exercised by the personal representative of the Participant s estate or by the person(s) to whom the Option is transferred pursuant to
the Participant s will or in accordance with the laws of descent and distribution. In the absence of a specified time in the Award Agreement, the Option will remain exercisable for twelve (12) months following Participant s death.
Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, if at the time of death Participant is not vested as to his or her entire Option, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option will immediately revert to the Plan. If the Option is not so
exercised within the time specified herein, the Option will terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option will revert to the Plan.    7.
 Restricted Stock .    (a)  Grant of Restricted Stock . Subject to the terms and provisions of the Plan, the Administrator, at any
time and from time to time, may grant Shares of Restricted Stock to any individual as a material inducement to the individual becoming an Employee, which grant shall become effective only if the individual actually becomes an Employee, in such
amounts as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine.    (b)  Restricted Stock Agreement . Each Award of Restricted
Stock will be evidenced by an Award Agreement that will specify the Period of Restriction, the number of Shares granted, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. Unless the Administrator
determines otherwise, the Company as escrow agent will hold Shares of Restricted Stock until the restrictions on such Shares have lapsed.  
 (c)  Transferability . Except as provided in this Section 7 or the Award Agreement, Shares of Restricted Stock may not be sold,
transferred, pledged, assigned, or otherwise alienated or hypothecated until the end of the applicable Period of Restriction.    (d)
 Other Restrictions . The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may impose such other restrictions on Shares of Restricted Stock as it may deem advisable or appropriate.  
 (e)  Removal of Restrictions . Except as otherwise provided in this Section 7, Shares of Restricted Stock covered by each Restricted
Stock grant made under the Plan will be released from escrow as soon as practicable after the last day of the Period of Restriction or at such other time as the Administrator may determine. The Administrator, in its discretion, may accelerate the
time at which any restrictions will lapse or be removed.  
      -10-  

(f)  Voting Rights . During the Period of Restriction, Service Providers holding Shares of
Restricted Stock granted hereunder may exercise full voting rights with respect to those Shares, unless the Administrator determines otherwise.  
 (g)  Dividends and Other Distributions . During the Period of Restriction, Service Providers holding Shares of Restricted Stock will be
entitled to receive all dividends and other distributions paid with respect to such Shares, unless the Administrator provides otherwise. If any such dividends or distributions are paid in Shares, the Shares will be subject to the same restrictions
on transferability and forfeitability as the Shares of Restricted Stock with respect to which they were paid.    (h)  Return of Restricted
Stock to Company . On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, the Restricted Stock for which restrictions have not lapsed will revert to the Company and again will become available for grant under the Plan.  
 8.  Restricted Stock Units .  
 (a)  Grant . Restricted Stock Units may be granted at any time and from time to time as determined by the Administrator to any individual
as a material inducement to the individual becoming an Employee, which grant shall become effective only if the individual actually becomes an Employee. After the Administrator determines that it will grant Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, it
will advise the Participant in an Award Agreement of the terms, conditions, and restrictions related to the grant, including the number of Restricted Stock Units.  
 (b)  Vesting Criteria and Other Terms . The Administrator will set vesting criteria in its discretion, which, depending on the extent to
which the criteria are met, will determine the number of Restricted Stock Units that will be paid out to the Participant. The Administrator may set vesting criteria based upon the achievement of Company-wide, divisional, business unit, or individual
goals (including, but not limited to, continued employment or service), applicable federal or state securities laws or any other basis determined by the Administrator in its discretion.  
 (c)  Earning Restricted Stock Units . Upon meeting the applicable vesting criteria, the Participant will be entitled to receive a payout
as determined by the Administrator. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time after the grant of Restricted Stock Units, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may reduce or waive any vesting criteria that must be met to receive a payout.  
 (d)  Form and Timing of Payment . Payment of earned Restricted Stock Units will be made as soon as practicable after the
date(s) determined by the Administrator and set forth in the Award Agreement. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may only settle earned Restricted Stock Units in cash, Shares, or a combination of both.  
 (e)  Cancellation . On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, all unearned Restricted Stock Units will be forfeited to the Company.
 
      -11-  

9.  Stock Appreciation Rights .  
 (a)  Grant of Stock Appreciation Rights . Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, a Stock Appreciation Right may be granted to
any individual as a material inducement to the individual becoming an Employee, which grant shall become effective only if the individual actually becomes an Employee, at any time and from time to time as will be determined by the Administrator, in
its sole discretion.    (b)  Number of Shares . The Administrator will have complete discretion to determine the number of Stock
Appreciation Rights granted to any Employee.    (c)  Exercise Price and Other Terms . The per share exercise price for the Shares to be
issued pursuant to exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right will be determined by the Administrator and will be no less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant. Otherwise, the Administrator, subject
to the provisions of the Plan, will have complete discretion to determine the terms and conditions of Stock Appreciation Rights granted under the Plan.  
 (d)  Stock Appreciation Right Agreement . Each Stock Appreciation Right grant will be evidenced by an Award Agreement that will specify
the exercise price, the term of the Stock Appreciation Right, the conditions of exercise, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine.  
 (e)  Expiration of Stock Appreciation Rights . A Stock Appreciation Right granted under the Plan will expire ten (10) years from the
date of grant or such shorter term as may be provided in the Award Agreement, as determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the rules of Section 6(d) relating to exercise also will apply to
Stock Appreciation Rights.    (f)  Payment of Stock Appreciation Right Amount . Upon exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right, a
Participant will be entitled to receive payment from the Company in an amount determined by multiplying:    (i) The difference between the
Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of exercise over the exercise price; times    (ii) The number of Shares with respect to which the
Stock Appreciation Right is exercised.    At the discretion of the Administrator, the payment upon Stock Appreciation Right exercise may be
in cash, in Shares of equivalent value, or in some combination thereof.    10.  Performance Units and Performance Shares .  
 (a)  Grant of Performance Units/Shares . Performance Units and Performance Shares may be granted to any individual as a material
inducement to the individual becoming an Employee, which grant shall become effective only if the individual actually becomes an Employee, at any time and from time to time, as will be determined by the Administrator, in its
 
      -12-  

sole discretion. The Administrator will have complete discretion in determining the number of Performance Units and Performance Shares granted to each Participant.  
 (b)  Value of Performance Units/Shares . Each Performance Unit will have an initial value that is established by the Administrator on or
before the date of grant. Each Performance Share will have an initial value equal to the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant.  
 (c)  Performance Objectives and Other Terms . The Administrator will set performance objectives or other vesting provisions (including,
without limitation, continued status as a Service Provider) in its discretion which, depending on the extent to which they are met, will determine the number or value of Performance Units/Shares that will be paid out to the Service Providers.
The time period during which the performance objectives or other vesting provisions must be met will be called the   Performance Period .  Each Award of Performance Units/Shares will be evidenced by an Award Agreement that will
specify the Performance Period, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. The Administrator may set performance objectives based upon the achievement of Company-wide, divisional, business unit
or individual goals (including, but not limited to, continued employment or service), applicable federal or state securities laws, or any other basis determined by the Administrator in its discretion.  
 (d)  Earning of Performance Units/Shares . After the applicable Performance Period has ended, the holder of Performance Units/Shares will
be entitled to receive a payout of the number of Performance Units/Shares earned by the Participant over the Performance Period, to be determined as a function of the extent to which the corresponding performance objectives or other vesting
provisions have been achieved. After the grant of a Performance Unit/Share, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may reduce or waive any performance objectives or other vesting provisions for such Performance Unit/Share.  
 (e)  Form and Timing of Payment of Performance Units/Shares . Payment of earned Performance Units/Shares will be made as soon as
practicable after the expiration of the applicable Performance Period. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may pay earned Performance Units/Shares in the form of cash, in Shares (which have an aggregate Fair Market Value equal to the value of
the earned Performance Units/Shares at the close of the applicable Performance Period) or in a combination thereof.    (f)
 Cancellation of Performance Units/Shares . On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, all unearned or unvested Performance Units/Shares will be forfeited to the Company, and again will be available for grant under the Plan.  
 11.  Leaves of Absence/Transfer Between Locations . Unless the Administrator provides otherwise, vesting of Awards granted hereunder will
be suspended during any unpaid leave of absence. A Participant will not cease to be an Employee in the case of (i) any leave of absence approved by the Company or (ii) transfers between locations of the Company or between the Company, its
Parent, or any Subsidiary.  
      -13-  

12.  Transferability of Awards . Unless determined otherwise by the Administrator, an Award
may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised, during the lifetime of the Participant, only by the Participant. If the
Administrator makes an Award transferable, such Award will contain such additional terms and conditions as the Administrator deems appropriate.  
 13.  Adjustments; Dissolution or Liquidation; Change in Control .  
 (a)  Adjustments . In the event that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Shares, other securities, or other
property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination, repurchase, or exchange of Shares or other securities of the Company, or other change in the corporate structure
of the Company affecting the Shares occurs, the Administrator, in order to prevent diminution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan, will adjust the number and class of Shares that may be
delivered under the Plan and/or the number, class, and price of Shares covered by each outstanding Award, and the numerical Share limits in Section 3(a) of the Plan.  
 (b)  Dissolution or Liquidation . In the event of the proposed dissolution or liquidation of the Company, the Administrator will notify
each Participant as soon as practicable prior to the effective date of such proposed transaction. To the extent it previously has not been exercised, an Award will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed action.  
 (c)  Change in Control . In the event of a Change in Control, each outstanding Award will be treated as the Administrator determines,
including, without limitation, that (i) Awards may be assumed, or substantially equivalent Awards will be substituted, by the acquiring or succeeding corporation (or an affiliate thereof) with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind
of shares and prices; (ii) upon written notice to a Participant, that the Participant s Awards will terminate upon or immediately prior to the consummation of such Change in Control; (iii) outstanding Awards will vest and become
exercisable, realizable, or payable, or restrictions applicable to an Award will lapse, in whole or in part prior to or upon consummation of such Change in Control, and, to the extent the Administrator determines, terminate upon or immediately prior
to the effectiveness of such merger or Change in Control; (iv) (A) the termination of an Award in exchange for an amount of cash and/or property, if any, equal to the amount that would have been attained upon the exercise of such Award or
realization of the Participant s rights as of the date of the occurrence of the transaction (and, for the avoidance of doubt, if as of the date of the occurrence of the transaction the Administrator determines in good faith that no amount would
have been attained upon the exercise of such Award or realization of the Participant s rights, then such Award may be terminated by the Company without payment), or (B) the replacement of such Award with other rights or property selected
by the Administrator in its sole discretion; or (v) any combination of the foregoing. In taking any of the actions permitted under this Section 13(c), the Administrator will not be required to treat all Awards similarly in the transaction.
 
      -14-  

In the event that the successor corporation does not assume or substitute for the Award, the
Participant will fully vest in and have the right to exercise all of his or her outstanding Options and Stock Appreciation Rights, including Shares as to which such Awards would not otherwise be vested or exercisable, all restrictions on Restricted
Stock and Restricted Stock Units will lapse, and, with respect to Awards with performance-based vesting, all performance goals or other vesting criteria will be deemed achieved at one hundred percent (100%) of target levels and all other terms
and conditions met. In addition, if an Option or Stock Appreciation Right is not assumed or substituted in the event of a Change in Control, the Administrator will notify the Participant in writing or electronically that the Option or Stock
Appreciation Right will be exercisable for a period of time determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion, and the Option or Stock Appreciation Right will terminate upon the expiration of such period.  
 For the purposes of this subsection (c), an Award will be considered assumed if, following the Change in Control, the Award confers the right
to purchase or receive, for each Share subject to the Award immediately prior to the Change in Control, the consideration (whether stock, cash, or other securities or property) received in the Change in Control by holders of Common Stock for
each Share held on the effective date of the transaction (and if holders were offered a choice of consideration, the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding Shares); provided, however, that if such consideration
received in the Change in Control is not solely common stock of the successor corporation or its Parent, the Administrator may, with the consent of the successor corporation, provide for the consideration to be received upon the exercise of an
Option or Stock Appreciation Right or upon the payout of a Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Unit or Performance Share, for each Share subject to such Award, to be solely common stock of the successor corporation or its Parent equal in fair market
value to the per share consideration received by holders of Common Stock in the Change in Control.    Notwithstanding anything in this
Section 13(c) to the contrary, an Award that vests, is earned or paid-out upon the satisfaction of one or more performance goals will not be considered assumed if the Company or its successor modifies any of such performance goals without
the Participant s consent; provided, however, a modification to such performance goals only to reflect the successor corporation s post-Change in Control corporate structure will not be deemed to invalidate an otherwise valid Award
assumption.    14.  Tax .  
 (a)  Withholding Requirements . Prior to the delivery of any Shares or cash pursuant to an Award (or exercise thereof) or such
earlier time as any tax withholding obligations are due, the Company will have the power and the right to deduct or withhold, or require a Participant to remit to the Company, an amount sufficient to satisfy federal, state, local, foreign or other
taxes (including the Participant s FICA obligation) required to be withheld with respect to such Award (or exercise thereof).  
 (b)  Withholding Arrangements . The Administrator, in its sole discretion and pursuant to such procedures as it may specify from time to
time, may permit a Participant to satisfy such tax withholding obligation, in whole or in part by (without limitation) (a) paying  
      -15-  

cash, (b) electing to have the Company withhold otherwise deliverable cash or Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the minimum statutory amount required to be withheld or a greater
amount if that would not result in adverse financial accounting treatment, or (c) delivering to the Company already-owned Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount required to be withheld. The Fair Market Value of the Shares to be
withheld or delivered will be determined as of the date that the taxes are required to be withheld.    (c)  Compliance With Code
Section 409A . Awards will be designed and operated in such a manner that they are either exempt from the application of, or comply with, the requirements of Code Section 409A such that the grant, payment, settlement or deferral will
not be subject to the additional tax or interest applicable under Code Section 409A, except as otherwise determined in the sole discretion of the Administrator. The Plan and each Award Agreement under the Plan is intended to meet
the requirements of Code Section 409A and will be construed and interpreted in accordance with such intent, except as otherwise determined in the sole discretion of the Administrator. To the extent that an Award or payment, or the
settlement or deferral thereof, is subject to Code Section 409A, the Award will be granted, paid, settled or deferred in a manner that will meet the requirements of Code Section 409A, such that the grant, payment, settlement or deferral
will not be subject to the additional tax or interest applicable under Code Section 409A.    15.  No Effect on Employment or
Service . Neither the Plan nor any Award will confer upon a Participant any right with respect to continuing the Participant s relationship as a Service Provider with the Company, nor will they interfere in any way with the
Participant s right or the Company s right to terminate such relationship at any time, with or without cause, to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws.  
 16.  Date of Grant . The date of grant of an Award will be, for all purposes, the date on which the Administrator makes the determination
granting such Award, or such other later date as is determined by the Administrator. Notice of the determination will be provided to each Participant within a reasonable time after the date of such grant.  
 17.  Term of Plan . The Plan will become effective upon its adoption by the Board (or its designated committee). It will continue in
effect for a term of ten (10) years from the date adopted by the Board, unless terminated earlier under Section 18 of the Plan.  
 18.  Amendment and Termination of the Plan .  
 (a)  Amendment and Termination . The Administrator may at any time amend, alter, suspend or terminate the Plan.  
 (b)  Stockholder Approval . The Company will obtain stockholder approval of any Plan amendment to the extent necessary and desirable to
comply with Applicable Laws.    (c)  Effect of Amendment or Termination . No amendment, alteration, suspension or termination of the
Plan will materially impair the rights of any Participant, unless mutually agreed otherwise between the Participant and the Administrator, which agreement must be in writing and signed by the Participant and the Company. Termination of the Plan will
not  
      -16-  

affect the Administrator s ability to exercise the powers granted to it hereunder with respect to Awards granted under the Plan prior to the date of such termination.  
 19.  Conditions Upon Issuance of Shares .  
 (a)  Legal Compliance . Shares will not be issued pursuant to the exercise of an Award unless the exercise of such Award and the issuance
and delivery of such Shares will comply with Applicable Laws and will be further subject to the approval of counsel for the Company with respect to such compliance.  
 (b)  Investment Representations . As a condition to the exercise of an Award, the Company may require the person exercising such Award to
represent and warrant at the time of any such exercise that the Shares are being purchased only for investment and without any present intention to sell or distribute such Shares if, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, such a representation
is required.    20.  Inability to Obtain Authority . The inability of the Company to obtain authority from any regulatory body having
jurisdiction or to complete or comply with the requirements of any registration or other qualification of the Shares under any state, federal or foreign law or under the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the stock
exchange on which Shares of the same class are then listed, or any other governmental or regulatory body, which authority, registration, qualification or rule compliance is deemed by the Company s counsel to be necessary or advisable for the
issuance and sale of any Shares hereunder, will relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite authority, registration, qualification or rule compliance will not have been
obtained.  
      -17-  

PFENEX INC.   
  2016 INDUCEMENT EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN   
  STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT   
 Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Pfenex Inc. 2016 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan (the  Plan ) will have
the same defined meanings in this Stock Option Agreement (the  Agreement ), including the Notice of Stock Option Grant (the  Notice of Grant ) and Terms and Conditions of Stock Option Grant, attached hereto as  Exhibit
A .      NOTICE OF STOCK OPTION GRANT        

Participant:  

Address:  

Participant has been granted an Option to purchase Common Stock of Pfenex Inc. (the  Company ),
subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, as follows:      

Grant Number 

Date of Grant 

Vesting Commencement Date 

Number of Shares Granted 

Exercise Price per Share 
   
 $                                      

Total Exercise Price 
   
 $                                      

Type of Option 
   
                        Nonstatutory Stock Option 

Term/Expiration Date 

Vesting Schedule :  
 Subject to accelerated vesting as set forth below or in the Plan, this Option will be exercisable, in whole or in part, in accordance with the
following schedule:    [Twenty-five percent (25%) of the Shares subject to the Option shall vest on the one (1) year anniversary
of the Vesting Commencement Date, and one forty-eighth (1/48 th ) of the Shares subject to the Option shall vest each month thereafter on the same day of the month as the Vesting
 
      - 1 -  

Commencement Date (and if there is no corresponding day, on the last day of the month), subject to Participant continuing to be a Service Provider through each such date.]     
  Termination Period :  
 This Option will be exercisable for three (3) months after Participant ceases to be a Service Provider, unless such termination is due to
Participant s death or Disability, in which case this Option will be exercisable for twelve (12) months after Participant ceases to be a Service Provider. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, in no event may this Option be exercised
after the Term/Expiration Date as provided above and may be subject to earlier termination as provided in Section 13(c) of the Plan.  
 By Participant s signature and the signature of the Company s representative below, Participant and the Company agree that this
Option is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, including exhibits hereto, all of which are made a part of this document. Participant has reviewed the Plan and this Agreement in their entirety, has
had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Agreement and fully understands all provisions of the Plan and Agreement. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or
interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions relating to the Plan and Agreement. Participant further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the residence address indicated below.  

PARTICIPANT 

PFENEX INC.  

Signature 

By  

Print Name 

Title  

Address : 

- 2 -  

EXHIBIT A    
  TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF STOCK OPTION GRANT   
 1.  Grant of Option . The Company hereby grants to the Participant named in the Notice of Grant (the  Participant ) an option
(the  Option ) to purchase the number of Shares, as set forth in the Notice of Grant, at the exercise price per Share set forth in the Notice of Grant (the  Exercise Price ), subject to all of the terms and conditions in this
Agreement and the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference. Subject to Section 18(c) of the Plan, in the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the terms and
conditions of the Plan will prevail.    2.  Vesting Schedule . Except as provided in Section 3, the Option awarded by this
Agreement will vest in accordance with the vesting provisions set forth in the Notice of Grant. Shares scheduled to vest on a certain date or upon the occurrence of a certain condition will not vest in Participant in accordance with any of the
provisions of this Agreement, unless Participant will have been continuously a Service Provider from the Date of Grant until the date such vesting occurs.  
 3.  Administrator Discretion . The Administrator, in its discretion, may accelerate the vesting of the balance, or some lesser portion of
the balance, of the unvested Option at any time, subject to the terms of the Plan. If so accelerated, such Option will be considered as having vested as of the date specified by the Administrator.  
 4.  Exercise of Option .  
 (a)  Right to Exercise . This Option may be exercised only within the term set out in the Notice of Grant, and may be exercised during
such term only in accordance with the Plan and the terms of this Agreement.    (b)  Method of Exercise . This Option is exercisable by
delivery of an exercise notice, in the form attached as  Exhibit B  (the  Exercise Notice ) or in a manner and pursuant to such procedures as the Administrator may determine, which will state the election to exercise the Option, the
number of Shares in respect of which the Option is being exercised (the  Exercised Shares ), and such other representations and agreements as may be required by the Company pursuant to the provisions of the Plan. The Exercise Notice will
be completed by Participant and delivered to the Company. The Exercise Notice will be accompanied by payment of the aggregate Exercise Price as to all Exercised Shares together with any applicable tax withholding. This Option will be deemed to be
exercised upon receipt by the Company of such fully executed Exercise Notice accompanied by the aggregate Exercise Price.    5.  Method of
Payment . Payment of the aggregate Exercise Price will be by any of the following, or a combination thereof, at the election of Participant:  
 (a) cash;    (b) check;  
      - 3 -  

(c) consideration received by the Company under a formal cashless exercise program adopted by the
Company in connection with the Plan; or    (d) surrender of other Shares which have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender equal to
the aggregate Exercise Price of the Exercised Shares, provided that accepting such Shares, in the sole discretion of the Administrator, will not result in any adverse accounting consequences to the Company.  
 6.  Tax Obligations .    (a)
 Withholding of Taxes . Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Agreement, no certificate representing the Shares will be issued to Participant, unless and until satisfactory arrangements (as determined by the Administrator) will have
been made by Participant with respect to the payment of income, employment, social insurance, payroll and other taxes which the Company determines must be withheld with respect to such Shares. To the extent determined appropriate by the Company in
its discretion, it will have the right (but not the obligation) to satisfy any tax withholding obligations by reducing the number of Shares otherwise deliverable to Participant. If Participant fails to make satisfactory arrangements for the payment
of any required tax withholding obligations hereunder at the time of the Option exercise, Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company may refuse to honor the exercise and refuse to deliver the Shares if such withholding amounts are not
delivered at the time of exercise.    (b)  Code Section 409A . Under Code Section 409A, an option that vests after
December 31, 2004 (or that vested on or prior to such date but which was materially modified after October 3, 2004) that was granted with a per Share exercise price that is determined by the Internal Revenue Service (the  IRS )
to be less than the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant (a  Discount Option ) may be considered  deferred compensation.  A Discount Option may result in (i) income recognition by Participant prior to the
exercise of the option, (ii) an additional twenty percent (20%) federal income tax, and (iii) potential penalty and interest charges. The Discount Option may also result in additional state income, penalty and interest charges to the
Participant. Participant acknowledges that the Company cannot and has not guaranteed that the IRS will agree that the per Share Exercise Price of this Option equals or exceeds the Fair Market Value of a Share on the Date of Grant in a later
examination. Participant agrees that if the IRS determines that the Option was granted with a per Share Exercise Price that was less than the Fair Market Value of a Share on the Date of Grant, Participant will be solely responsible for
Participant s costs related to such a determination.    7.  Rights as Stockholder . Neither Participant nor any person claiming
under or through Participant will have any of the rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares deliverable hereunder unless and until certificates representing such Shares will have been issued, recorded on the
records of the Company or its transfer agents or registrars, and delivered to Participant. After such issuance, recordation and delivery, Participant will have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to voting such Shares and
receipt of dividends and distributions on such Shares.  
      - 4 -  

8.  No Guarantee of Continued Service . PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING
OF SHARES PURSUANT TO THE VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY (OR THE PARENT OR SUBSIDIARY EMPLOYING OR RETAINING PARTICIPANT) AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED
THIS OPTION OR ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER. PARTICIPANT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF
CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS A SERVICE PROVIDER FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND WILL NOT INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH PARTICIPANT S RIGHT OR THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY (OR THE PARENT OR SUBSIDIARY EMPLOYING OR RETAINING
PARTICIPANT) TO TERMINATE PARTICIPANT S RELATIONSHIP AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE.    9.  Address for
Notices . Any notice to be given to the Company under the terms of this Agreement will be addressed to the Company at Pfenex Inc., 10790 Roselle Street, San Diego, California 92121, or at such other address as the Company may hereafter designate
in writing.    10.  Non-Transferability of Option . This Option may not be transferred in any manner otherwise than by will or by the
laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised during the lifetime of Participant only by Participant.    11.  Binding
Agreement . Subject to the limitation on the transferability of this grant contained herein, this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto.
   12.  Additional Conditions to Issuance of Stock . If at any time the Company will determine, in its discretion, that the listing,
registration, qualification or rule compliance of the Shares upon any securities exchange or under any state, federal or foreign law, the tax code and related regulations or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory authority is
necessary or desirable as a condition to the purchase by, or issuance of Shares to, Participant (or his or her estate) hereunder, such purchase or issuance will not occur unless and until such listing, registration, qualification, rule compliance,
consent or approval will have been completed, effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company. The Company will make all reasonable efforts to meet the requirements of any such state, federal or foreign law or securities
exchange and to obtain any such consent or approval of any such governmental authority or securities exchange. Assuming such compliance, for income tax purposes the Exercised Shares will be considered transferred to Participant on the date the
Option is exercised with respect to such Exercised Shares.    13.  Plan Governs . This Agreement is subject to all terms and provisions
of the Plan. In the event of a conflict between one or more provisions of this Agreement and one or more provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern. Capitalized terms used and not defined in this Agreement will have the meaning
set forth in the Plan.  
      - 5 -  

14.  Administrator Authority . The Administrator will have the power to interpret the Plan
and this Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules (including, but not limited to, the determination of whether or not
any Shares subject to the Option have vested). All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Administrator in good faith will be final and binding upon Participant, the Company and all other interested persons. No member
of the Administrator will be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan or this Agreement.  
 15.  Electronic Delivery . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to Options awarded under the
Plan or future options that may be awarded under the Plan by electronic means or request Participant s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and
agrees to participate in the Plan through any on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company.  
 16.  Captions . Captions provided herein are for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of
this Agreement.    17.  Agreement Severable . In the event that any provision in this Agreement will be held invalid or unenforceable,
such provision will be severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of this Agreement.  
 18.  Modifications to the Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of the parties on the subjects covered.
Participant expressly warrants that he or she is not accepting this Agreement in reliance on any promises, representations, or inducements other than those contained herein. Modifications to this Agreement or the Plan can be made only in an express
written contract executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this Agreement, the Company reserves the right to revise this Agreement as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole
discretion and without the consent of Participant, to comply with Code Section 409A or to otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition under Section 409A of the Code in connection with the Option.  
 19.  Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan . By accepting this Award, Participant expressly warrants that he or she has
received an Option under the Plan, and has received, read and understood a description of the Plan. Participant understands that the Plan is discretionary in nature and may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time.  
 20.  Governing Law . This Agreement will be governed by the laws of Delaware, without giving effect to the conflict of law principles
thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under this Option or this Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State of California ,  and agree that such litigation will be conducted in the
courts of San Diego County, California, or the federal courts for the United States for the Southern District of California, and no other courts, where this Option is made and/or to be performed.  
      - 6 -  

EXHIBIT B    
  PFENEX INC.      2016
INDUCEMENT EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN      EXERCISE NOTICE   
 Pfenex Inc.    10790 Roselle St.  
 San Diego, CA 92121    Attention: Stock Administration  
 1.  Exercise of Option . Effective as of today,
                      ,
                      , the undersigned ( Purchaser ) hereby elects to purchase
                       shares (the  Shares ) of the Common Stock of Pfenex Inc. (the  Company ) under and pursuant to the
2016 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan (the  Plan ) and the Stock Option Agreement dated                        (the
 Agreement ). The purchase price for the Shares will be $          , as required by the Agreement.  
 2.  Delivery of Payment . Purchaser herewith delivers to the Company the full purchase price of the Shares and any required tax
withholding to be paid in connection with the exercise of the Option.    3.  Representations of Purchaser . Purchaser acknowledges that
Purchaser has received, read and understood the Plan and the Agreement and agrees to abide by and be bound by their terms and conditions.  
 4.  Rights as Stockholder . Until the issuance (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized
transfer agent of the Company) of the Shares, no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder will exist with respect to the Shares subject to the Option, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. The Shares so acquired
will be issued to Purchaser as soon as practicable after exercise of the Option. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date of issuance, except as provided in Section 14 of the Plan.
   5.  Tax Consultation . Purchaser understands that Purchaser may suffer adverse tax consequences as a result of Purchaser s
purchase or disposition of the Shares. Purchaser represents that Purchaser has consulted with any tax consultants Purchaser deems advisable in connection with the purchase or disposition of the Shares and that Purchaser is not relying on the Company
for any tax advice.  
      - 1 -  

6.  Entire Agreement; Governing Law . The Plan and Agreement are incorporated herein by
reference. This Exercise Notice, the Plan and the Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Purchaser
with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to the Purchaser s interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and Purchaser. This agreement is governed by the internal substantive laws, but not the
choice of law rules, of California.      

Submitted by: 

Accepted by:  

PURCHASER 

PFENEX INC.  

Signature 

By  

Print Name 

Its  

Address : 

Date Received  
 
      - 2 -  

PFENEX INC.   
  2016 INDUCEMENT EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN   
  RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT   
 Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Pfenex Inc. 2016 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan (the  Plan ) will have
the same defined meanings in this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (the  Award Agreement ), which includes the Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Grant (the  Notice of Grant ) and Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Grant,
attached hereto as  Exhibit A .      NOTICE OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT    
  Participant Name:   
  Address:     Participant has
been granted the right to receive an Award of Restricted Stock Units, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award Agreement, as follows:      

Grant Number 

Date of Grant 

Initial Vest Date 

Number of Restricted Stock Units 

Vesting Schedule :  
 Subject to any acceleration provisions contained in the Plan or set forth below, the Restricted Stock Units will vest in accordance with the
following schedule:     [ Twenty-five percent (25%) of the Restricted Stock Units will vest on the one (1) year anniversary
of the Vesting Commencement Date, and twenty-five percent (25%) of the Restricted Stock Units will vest each year thereafter on the same day as the Vesting Commencement Date, subject to Participant continuing to be a Service Provider through
each such date. ]     In the event Participant ceases to be a Service Provider for any or no reason before Participant vests in the
Restricted Stock Units, the Restricted Stock Units and Participant s right to acquire any Shares hereunder will immediately terminate.  
 By Participant s signature and the signature of the representative of Pfenex Inc. (the  Company ) below, Participant and
the Company agree that this Award of Restricted Stock Units is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award Agreement, including the Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Grant, attached hereto as
 Exhibit A , all of which are made a part of this document. Participant has reviewed the Plan and this Award Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of  

counsel prior to executing this Award Agreement and fully understands all provisions of the Plan and Award Agreement. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all
decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions relating to the Plan and Award Agreement. Participant further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the residence address indicated below.  

PARTICIPANT: 

PFENEX INC.  

Signature 

By  

Print Name 

Title  

Residence Address : 

-2-  

EXHIBIT A    
  TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT   
 1.  Grant . The Company hereby grants to the individual named in the Notice of Grant (the  Participant ) under the Plan an
Award of Restricted Stock Units, subject to all of the terms and conditions in this Award Agreement and the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference. Subject to Section 18(c) of the Plan, in the event of a conflict between the terms and
conditions of the Plan and the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan will prevail.    2.
 Company s Obligation to Pay . Each Restricted Stock Unit represents the right to receive a Share on the date it vests. Unless and until the Restricted Stock Units will have vested in the manner set forth in Sections 3 or 4,
Participant will have no right to payment of any such Restricted Stock Units. Prior to actual payment of any vested Restricted Stock Units, such Restricted Stock Units will represent an unsecured obligation of the Company, payable (if at all) only
from the general assets of the Company. Any Restricted Stock Units that vest in accordance with Sections 3 or 4 will be paid to Participant (or in the event of Participant s death, to his or her estate) in whole Shares, subject to Participant
satisfying any applicable tax withholding obligations as set forth in Section 7. Subject to the provisions of Section 4, such vested Restricted Stock Units shall be paid in whole Shares as soon as practicable after vesting, but in each
such case within the period sixty (60) days following the vesting date. In no event will Participant be permitted, directly or indirectly, to specify the taxable year of the payment of any Restricted Stock Units payable under this Award
Agreement.    3.  Vesting Schedule . Except as provided in Section 4, and subject to Section 5, the Restricted Stock Units
awarded by this Award Agreement will vest in accordance with the vesting provisions set forth in the Notice of Grant. Restricted Stock Units scheduled to vest on a certain date or upon the occurrence of a certain condition will not vest in
Participant in accordance with any of the provisions of this Award Agreement, unless Participant will have been continuously a Service Provider from the Date of Grant until the date such vesting occurs.  
 4.  Administrator Discretion . The Administrator, in its discretion, may accelerate the vesting of the balance, or some lesser portion of
the balance, of the unvested Restricted Stock Units at any time, subject to the terms of the Plan. If so accelerated, such Restricted Stock Units will be considered as having vested as of the date specified by the Administrator. The payment of
Shares vesting pursuant to this Section 4 shall in all cases be paid at a time or in a manner that is exempt from, or complies with, Section 409A.  
 Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or this Award Agreement to the contrary, if the vesting of the balance, or some lesser portion of the
balance, of the Restricted Stock Units is accelerated in connection with Participant s termination as a Service Provider (provided that such termination is a  separation from service  within the meaning of Section 409A, as
determined by the Company), other than due to death ,  and if (x) Participant is a  specified employee  within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of such termination as a Service Provider and (y) the payment of
such accelerated Restricted Stock Units will result in the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A if paid to Participant on or within the six (6) 
      -3-  

month period following Participant s termination as a Service Provider, then the payment of such accelerated Restricted Stock Units will not be made until the date six (6) months and
one (1) day following the date of Participant s termination as a Service Provider, unless the Participant dies following his or her termination as a Service Provider, in which case, the Restricted Stock Units will be paid in Shares to the
Participant s estate as soon as practicable following his or her death. It is the intent of this Award Agreement that it and all payments and benefits hereunder be exempt from, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A so that none
of the Restricted Stock Units provided under this Award Agreement or Shares issuable thereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to be so exempt or so comply. Each
payment payable under this Award Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). For purposes of this Award Agreement,  Section 409A  means Section 409A of the
Code, and any final Treasury Regulations and Internal Revenue Service guidance thereunder, as each may be amended from time to time.    5.
 Forfeiture upon Termination of Status as a Service Provider . Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Award Agreement, the balance of the Restricted Stock Units that have not vested as of the time of Participant s termination as a
Service Provider for any or no reason and Participant s right to acquire any Shares hereunder will immediately terminate.    6.
 Death of Participant . Any distribution or delivery to be made to Participant under this Award Agreement will, if Participant is then deceased, be made to Participant s designated beneficiary, or if no beneficiary survives Participant,
the administrator or executor of Participant s estate. Any such transferee must furnish the Company with (a) written notice of his or her status as transferee, and (b) evidence satisfactory to the Company to establish the validity of
the transfer and compliance with any laws or regulations pertaining to said transfer.    7.  Tax Withholding . Notwithstanding any
contrary provision of this Award Agreement, no certificate representing the Shares will be issued to Participant, unless and until satisfactory arrangements (as determined by the Administrator) will have been made by Participant with respect to the
payment of income, employment, social insurance, payroll and other taxes which the Company determines must be withheld with respect to such Shares. Prior to vesting and/or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, Participant will pay or make
adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and/or the Participant s employer (the  Employer ) to satisfy all withholding and payment obligations of the Company and/or the Employer. In this regard, Participant authorizes the
Company and/or the Employer to withhold all applicable tax withholding obligations legally payable by Participant from his or her wages or other cash compensation paid to Participant by the Company and/or the Employer or from proceeds of the sale of
Shares. Alternatively, or in addition, if permissible under applicable local law, the Administrator, in its sole discretion and pursuant to such procedures as it may specify from time to time, may permit or require Participant to satisfy such tax
withholding obligation, in whole or in part (without limitation) by (a) paying cash, (b) electing to have the Company withhold otherwise deliverable Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the minimum amount required to be withheld or a
greater amount if that would not result in adverse financial accounting treatment, (c) delivering to the Company already vested and owned Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount required to be withheld, or (d) selling a
sufficient number of such Shares otherwise deliverable to Participant through such means as the Company may determine  
      -4-  

in its sole discretion (whether through a broker or otherwise) equal to the amount required to be withheld. To the extent determined appropriate by the Company in its discretion, it will have the
right (but not the obligation) to satisfy any tax withholding obligations by reducing the number of Shares otherwise deliverable to Participant and, until determined otherwise by the Company, this will be the method by which such tax withholding
obligations are satisfied. If Participant fails to make satisfactory arrangements for the payment of any required tax withholding obligations hereunder at the time any applicable Restricted Stock Units otherwise are scheduled to vest pursuant to
Sections 3 or 4 or tax withholding obligations related to Restricted Stock Units otherwise are due, Participant will permanently forfeit such Restricted Stock Units and any right to receive Shares thereunder and the Restricted Stock Units will be
returned to the Company at no cost to the Company.    8.  Rights as Stockholder . Neither Participant nor any person claiming under or
through Participant will have any of the rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares deliverable hereunder unless and until certificates representing such Shares will have been issued, recorded on the records of the
Company or its transfer agents or registrars, and delivered to Participant. After such issuance, recordation and delivery, Participant will have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to voting such Shares and receipt of
dividends and distributions on such Shares.    9.  No Guarantee of Continued Service . PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE
VESTING OF THE RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS PURSUANT TO THE VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY (OR THE PARENT OR SUBSIDIARY EMPLOYING OR RETAINING PARTICIPANT) AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF
BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED THIS AWARD OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS OR ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER. PARTICIPANT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS AWARD AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH HEREIN
DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS A SERVICE PROVIDER FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND WILL NOT INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH PARTICIPANT S RIGHT OR THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY (OR THE
PARENT OR SUBSIDIARY EMPLOYING OR RETAINING PARTICIPANT) TO TERMINATE PARTICIPANT S RELATIONSHIP AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE.  
 10.  Address for Notices . Any notice to be given to the Company under the terms of this Award Agreement will be addressed to the Company
at Pfenex Inc., 10790 Roselle Street, San Diego, California 92121, or at such other address as the Company may hereafter designate in writing.  
 11.  Grant is Not Transferable . Except to the limited extent provided in Section 6, this grant and the rights and privileges
conferred hereby will not be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any way (whether by operation of law or otherwise) and will not be subject to sale under execution, attachment or similar process. Upon any attempt to transfer, assign,
pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of this grant, or any right or privilege conferred hereby,  
      -5-  

or upon any attempted sale under any execution, attachment or similar process, this grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby immediately will become null and void.  
 12.  Binding Agreement . Subject to the limitation on the transferability of this grant contained herein, this Award Agreement will be
binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto.    13.
 Additional Conditions to Issuance of Stock . If at any time the Company will determine, in its discretion, that the listing, registration, qualification or rule compliance of the Shares upon any securities exchange or under any state, federal
or foreign law, the tax code and related regulations or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory authority is necessary or desirable as a condition to the issuance of Shares to Participant (or his or her estate) hereunder, such
issuance will not occur unless and until such listing, registration, qualification, rule compliance, consent or approval will have been completed, effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company. Where the Company
determines that the delivery of the payment of any Shares will violate federal securities laws or other applicable laws, the Company will defer delivery until the earliest date at which the Company reasonably anticipates that the delivery of Shares
will no longer cause such violation. The Company will make all reasonable efforts to meet the requirements of any such state, federal or foreign law or securities exchange and to obtain any such consent or approval of any such governmental authority
or securities exchange.    14.  Plan Governs . This Award Agreement is subject to all terms and provisions of the Plan. In the event of
a conflict between one or more provisions of this Award Agreement and one or more provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern. Capitalized terms used and not defined in this Award Agreement will have the meaning set forth in the
Plan.    15.  Administrator Authority . The Administrator will have the power to interpret the Plan and this Award Agreement and to
adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules (including, but not limited to, the determination of whether or not any Restricted Stock Units
have vested). All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Administrator in good faith will be final and binding upon Participant, the Company and all other interested persons. No member of the Administrator will be
personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan or this Award Agreement.  
 16.  Electronic Delivery . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to Restricted Stock Units
awarded under the Plan or future Restricted Stock Units that may be awarded under the Plan by electronic means or request Participant s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. Participant hereby consents to receive such
documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through any on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company.  
 17.  Captions . Captions provided herein are for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of
this Award Agreement.  
      -6-  

18.  Agreement Severable . In the event that any provision in this Award Agreement will be
held invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of this Award Agreement.  
 19.  Modifications to the Award Agreement . This Award Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of the parties on the subjects
covered. Participant expressly warrants that he or she is not accepting this Award Agreement in reliance on any promises, representations, or inducements other than those contained herein. Modifications to this Award Agreement or the Plan can be
made only in an express written contract executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this Award Agreement, the Company reserves the right to revise this Award Agreement as it deems
necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without the consent of Participant, to comply with Section 409A or to otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition under Section 409A in connection to this Award
of Restricted Stock Units.    20.  Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan . By accepting this Award, Participant expressly
warrants that he or she has received an Award of Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, and has received, read and understood a description of the Plan. Participant understands that the Plan is discretionary in nature and may be amended, suspended
or terminated by the Company at any time.    21.  Governing Law . This Award Agreement will be governed by the laws of California
without giving effect to the conflict of law principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under this Award of Restricted Stock Units or this Award Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of
the State of California, and agree that such litigation will be conducted in the courts of San Diego County, California, or the federal courts for the United States for the Southern District of California, and no other courts, where this Award of
Restricted Stock Units is made and/or to be performed.  
      -7-  

</EX-10.4>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 d255800dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT UNDER SECTION 302 OF   
  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002     I,
Bertrand C. Liang, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Pfenex Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 9, 2016 
   
   /s/ Bertrand C. Liang   

Bertrand C. Liang  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 d255800dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT UNDER SECTION 302 OF   
  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002     I, Paul A.
Wagner, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Pfenex Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: Date: November 9, 2016 
   
   /s/ Paul A. Wagner   

Paul A. Wagner  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 d255800dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   
  PURSUANT TO      18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350,      AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 I, Bertrand C. Liang, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that the Quarterly Report of Pfenex Inc. on Form 10-Q for
the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that information contained in such Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Pfenex Inc.      

Date: November 9, 2016 
   
 By: 
   
   /s/ Bertrand C. Liang   

Bertrand C. Liang  

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director  

(Principal Executive Officer)   
   I, Paul A. Wagner, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that the Quarterly Report of
Pfenex Inc. on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that information contained in such Form 10-Q
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Pfenex Inc.      

Date: November 9, 2016 
   
 By: 
   
   /s/ Paul A. Wagner   

Paul A. Wagner  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 pfnx-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 pfnx-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 pfnx-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 pfnx-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 pfnx-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 pfnx-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

