<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_714712_0001144204-16-132654_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18005724</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>127202</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>512200</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4981050</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>8637877</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3538089</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>107</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-132654.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109120226
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-132654
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			JUNIATA VALLEY FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000714712
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				232235254
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-13232
		FILM NUMBER:		161983285

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 SOUTH MAIN ST
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 66
		CITY:			MIFFLINTOWN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17059-0066
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7174368211

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		BRIDGE AND MAIN STREETS
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 66
		CITY:			MIFFLINTOWN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17059-0066

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-132654.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 v451024_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 10-Q 

(Mark One) 

  x
  QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 1934  

For the quarterly period
ended  September 30, 2016  

 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the transition period
from ________________________ to _____________________________ 

Juniata
    Valley Financial Corp.   
 
      (Exact name of registrant
    as specified in its charter)   

Pennsylvania  
       
      23-2235254   
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer   
 
      incorporation or organization)  
       
      Identification No.)   

Bridge
    and Main Streets, Mifflintown, Pennsylvania  
       
      17059   
 
      (Address of principal executive offices)  
       
      (Zip Code)   

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

x    Yes                   
      No   

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File
required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

x    Yes                   
      No   

Indicate by check mark
whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company.
See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer       
      Accelerated filer    x   
 
      Non-accelerated filer        
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company        

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes   x  
No  

Indicate the number of
shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART
    I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION      

Item 1.  
       Financial Statements   

Consolidated Statements
    of Financial Condition as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (Unaudited)   
      3   

Consolidated Statements
    of Income for the Three and Nine  Months Ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 (Unaudited)   
      4   

Consolidated Statements
    of Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)   
      5   

Consolidated Statements
    of Stockholders  Equity  for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)   
      6   

Consolidated Statements
    of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)   
      7   

Notes to Consolidated
    Financial Statements (Unaudited)   
      8   

Item 2.  
       Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
     35  

Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative
    Disclosures about Market Risk   
      45   

Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      47   

PART
    II - OTHER INFORMATION      

Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
      47   

Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
      47   

Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales
    of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      48   

Item 3.  
       Defaults upon Senior
    Securities   
      49   

Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      49   

Item 5.  
       Other Information   
      49   

Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
      49   

Signatures   
      50   

PART I - FINANCIAL
INFORMATION   

    Item 1. Financial
Statements  

Juniata Valley Financial
Corp. and Subsidiary  

 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 

 ( in thousands, except share data) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Juniata Valley Financial
Corp. and Subsidiary  

 Consolidated Statements of Income 

 (Unaudited, in thousands, except share
data) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Juniata Valley Financial
Corp. and Subsidiary  

  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income  

 (Unaudited, in thousands) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(1)  Amounts are included in gain
                                         on sales and calls of securities on the Consolidated Statements of Income as a separate
                                         element within total non-interest income.   

(2)  Amounts are included in the computation
                                         of net periodic benefit cost and are included in employee benefits expense on the Consolidated
                                         Statements of Income as a separate element within total non-interest expense.   

(3)  Income tax amounts are included
                                         in the provision for income taxes on the Consolidated Statements of Income.   

Juniata Valley Financial
Corp. and Subsidiary  

  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders'
Equity  

 (Unaudited, in thousands, except share
data) 

  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016  

Juniata Valley Financial Corp. and Subsidiary  

  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders'
Equity  

 (Unaudited, in thousands, except share
data) 

  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015  

See Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements  

Juniata Valley Financial
Corp. and Subsidiary  

  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  

  (Unaudited, in thousands)  

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

JUNIATA VALLEY FINANCIAL
CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited) 

1.
Basis of Presentation and Accounting Policies   

The consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of Juniata Valley Financial Corp. (the  Company ) and its wholly owned subsidiary, The Juniata
Valley Bank (the  Bank  or  JVB ). All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. 

The accompanying unaudited consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial
information. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles (U.S. GAAP) for complete consolidated financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments considered
necessary for fair presentation have been included. Operating results for the three and nine month periods ended September 30,
2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results for the year ending December 31, 2016. For further information, refer to the
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in Juniata Valley Financial Corp. s Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

The Company has evaluated events and transactions
occurring subsequent to the consolidated statement of financial condition date of September 30, 2016 for items that should potentially
be recognized or disclosed in these consolidated financial statements. The evaluation was conducted through the date these consolidated
financial statements were issued. 

2.
Recent Accounting Standards Updates (ASU)   

Accounting Standards Update 2016-02 ,
 Leases  

Issued:  February 2016 

Summary:  The new standard establishes
a right-of-use (ROU) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases
with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the
pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. 

Effective Date:  The new standard
is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. A modified
retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into after,
the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients available. The
Company is currently evaluating the impact this Update will have on its consolidated financial position and results of operations. 

Accounting Standards Update 2016-13 ,
 Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments  

Issued:  June 2016 

Summary:  ASU 2016-13 requires credit
losses on most financial assets measured at amortized cost and certain other instruments to be measured using an expected credit
loss model (referred to as the current expected credit loss (CECL) model). Under this model, entities will estimate credit losses
over the entire contractual term of the instrument (considering estimated prepayments, but not expected extensions or modifications
unless reasonable expectation of a troubled debt restructuring exists) from the date of initial recognition of that instrument. 

The ASU also replaces the current accounting
model for purchased credit impaired loans and debt securities. The allowance for credit losses for purchased financial assets
with a more-than insignificant amount of credit deterioration since origination ( PCD assets ), should be determined
in a similar manner to other financial assets measured on an amortized cost basis. However, upon initial recognition, the allowance
for credit losses is added to the purchase price ( gross up approach ) to determine the initial amortized cost basis.
The subsequent accounting for PCD financial assets is the same expected loss model described above. 

Further, the ASU made certain targeted
amendments to the existing impairment model for available-for-sale (AFS) debt securities. For an AFS debt security for which there
is neither the intent nor a more-likely-than-not requirement to sell, an entity will record credit losses as an allowance rather
than a write-down of the amortized cost basis. 

Effective Date:  The new standard
is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The
Company is currently evaluating the impact this Update will have on its consolidated financial position and results of operations. 

Accounting Standards Update 2016-15,
Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  

Issued:  August
2016  

Summary:  ASU 2016-15 clarifies how certain cash receipts
and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The amendments are intended to reduce diversity
in practice. 

Effective Date:  The amendments
are effective for public business entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December
15, 2017. This Update will have no impact on its consolidated financial position and results of operations. 

3.
Business Combination   

On November 30, 2015, Juniata consummated
the merger with FNBPA Bancorp, Inc. ( FNBPA ), a Pennsylvania corporation. FNBPA merged with, and into Juniata, with
Juniata continuing as the surviving entity. Simultaneously with the consummation of the foregoing merger, First National Bank
of Port Allegany ( FNB ), a national banking association and a wholly-owned subsidiary of FNBPA, merged with and into
the Bank. 

As part of this transaction, FNBPA shareholders
received either 2.7813 shares of Juniata s common stock or $50.34 in cash in exchange for each share of FNBPA common stock.
As a result, Juniata issued 607,815 shares of common stock with an acquisition date fair value of approximately $10,637,000, based
on Juniata s closing stock price of $17.50 on November 30, 2015, and cash of $2,208,000, including cash in lieu of fractional
shares. The fair value of total consideration paid was $12,845,000. 

The assets and liabilities of FNB and
FNBPA were recorded on the consolidated balance sheet at their estimated fair value as of November 30, 2015, and their results
of operations have been included in the consolidated income statement since such date. 

Included in the purchase price was goodwill
and a core deposit intangible of $3,335,000 and $343,000, respectively. The core deposit intangible will be amortized over a ten-year
period using a sum of the year s digits basis. The goodwill will not be amortized, but will be measured annually for impairment
or more frequently if circumstances require. ASC 805 allows for adjustments to goodwill for a period of up to one year after the
merger date for information that becomes available that reflects circumstances at the merger date. During the first nine months
of 2016, Juniata identified adjustments to fair value netting $67,000, and goodwill has been adjusted to $3,402,000. Juniata believes
that accounting for the merger is complete. 

Core deposit intangible amortization expense
projected for the succeeding five years beginning 2016 is estimated to be $55,000, $49,000, $44,000, $38,000 and $33,000 per year,
respectively, and $80,000 in total for years after 2020. 

The allocation of the purchase price is
as follows, in thousands of dollars: 

The following table summarizes the estimated
fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, in thousands of dollars. 

The fair value of the financial assets
acquired included loans receivable with a gross amortized cost basis of $47,797,000. The table below illustrates the fair value
adjustments made to the amortized cost basis in order to present a fair value of the loans acquired, in thousands of dollars. 

The market rate adjustment represents
the movement in market interest rates, irrespective of credit adjustments, compared to the stated rates of the acquired loans.
The credit adjustment made on pools of homogeneous loans represents the changes in credit quality of the underlying borrowers
from the loan inception to the acquisition date. The credit adjustment on impaired loans is derived in accordance with ASC 310-30
and represents the portion of the loan balances that has been deemed uncollectible based on the Company s expectations of
future cash flows for each respective loan. The information about the acquired FNBPA impaired loan portfolio as of November 30,
2015 is as follows, in thousands of dollars. 

Contractually required principal and interest at acquisition    
     $  2,488     
 
     Contractual cash flows not expected to be collected (nonaccretable discount)    
        (1,427  )  
 
     Expected cash flows at acquisition    
        1,061     
 
     Interest component of expected cash flows (accretable discount)    
        (157  )  
 
     Fair value of acquired loans    
     $  904     

The following table presents unaudited
pro forma information, in thousands, as if the merger between Juniata and FNBPA had been completed on January 1, 2014. The pro
forma information does not necessarily reflect the results of operations that would have occurred had Juniata merged with FNBPA
at the beginning of 2014. Supplemental pro forma earnings for 2015 were adjusted to exclude $1,637,000 of merger related costs
(exclusive of the corresponding tax impact) incurred in 2015; the results for 2014 were adjusted to include these charges. The
pro forma financial information does not include the impact of possible business model changes, nor does it consider any potential
impacts of current market conditions or revenues, expense efficiencies or other factors. 

4.
Accumulated other Comprehensive loss   

Components of accumulated other comprehensive
loss, net of tax consisted of the following (in thousands): 

5.
Earnings Per Share   

Basic earnings per share (EPS) is computed
by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS reflects the potential
dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock
or resulted in the issuance of common stock that then shared in the earnings of the Company. Potential common shares that may
be issued by the Company relate solely to outstanding stock options and are determined using the treasury stock method. The following
table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share: 

(Amounts, except earnings per share, in
thousands)  

6.      Securities

The Company s investment portfolio
includes primarily bonds issued by U.S. Government sponsored agencies (approximately 24%), mortgage-backed securities issued by
Government-sponsored agencies and backed by residential mortgages (approximately 58%) and municipal bonds (approximately 17%)
as of September 30, 2016. Most of the municipal bonds are general obligation bonds with maturities or pre-refunding dates within
5 years. The remaining 1% of the portfolio includes a group of equity investments in other financial institutions. 

The amortized cost and fair value of securities
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, by contractual maturity, are shown below (in thousands). Expected maturities may
differ from contractual maturities because the securities may be called or prepaid with or without prepayment penalties. 

Certain obligations of the U.S. Government
and state and political subdivisions are pledged to secure public deposits, securities sold under agreements to repurchase and
for other purposes as required or permitted by law. The carrying value of the pledged assets was $38,952,000 and $45,101,000 at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

In addition to cash received from the
scheduled maturities of securities, some investment securities available for sale are sold or called at current market values
during the course of normal operations. 

The following chart summarizes proceeds
received from sales or calls of investment securities transactions and the resulting realized gains and losses (in thousands): 

Accounting Standards Codification (ASC)
Topic 320,  Investments   Debt and Equity Securities , clarifies the interaction of the factors that should be considered
when determining whether a debt security is other-than-temporarily impaired. For debt securities, management must assess whether
(a) it has the intent to sell the security and (b) it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell the security
prior to its anticipated recovery. These steps are taken before an assessment is made as to whether the entity will recover the
cost basis of the investment. For equity securities, consideration is given to management s intention and ability to hold
the securities until recovery of unrealized losses in assessing potential other-than-temporary impairment. More specifically,
factors considered to determine other-than-temporary impairment status for individual equity holdings include the length of time
the stock has remained in an unrealized loss position, the percentage of unrealized loss compared to the carrying cost of the
stock, dividend reduction or suspension, market analyst reviews and expectations, and other pertinent factors that would affect
expectations for recovery or further decline. 

In instances when a determination is made
that an other-than-temporary impairment exists and the entity does not intend to sell the debt security and it is not more likely
than not that it will be required to sell the debt security prior to its anticipated recovery, the other-than-temporary impairment
is separated into the amount of the total other-than-temporary impairment related to a decrease in cash flows expected to be collected
from the debt security (the credit loss) and the amount of the total other-than-temporary impairment related to all other factors.
The amount of the total other-than-temporary impairment related to the credit loss is recognized in earnings. The amount of the
total other-than-temporary impairment related to all other factors is recognized in other comprehensive (loss) income. 

The following table shows gross unrealized
losses and fair value, aggregated by category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized
loss position, at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (in thousands): 

At September 30, 2016, six U.S. Government
agency security had an unrealized losses that, in the aggregate, totaled less than 0.01% of amortized cost. None of these securities
have been in a continuous loss position for 12 months or more. 

At September 30, 2016, 10 obligations
of state and political subdivisions had unrealized losses that, in the aggregate, totaled less than 0.01% of amortized cost. One
of these securities has been in a continuous loss position for 12 months or more. 

The mortgage-backed securities in the
Company s portfolio are government sponsored enterprise (GSE) pass-through instruments issued by the Federal National Mortgage
Association (FNMA) or Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (FHLMC), which guarantees the timely payment of principal on these
investments. There were no unrealized losses in mortgage-backed securities at September 30, 2016. 

The unrealized losses noted above are
considered to be temporary impairments. The decline in the values of the debt securities is due only to interest rate fluctuations,
rather than erosion of issuer credit quality. As a result, the payment of contractual cash flows, including principal repayment,
is not at risk. As the Company does not intend to sell the securities, does not believe the Company will be required to sell the
securities before recovery and expects to recover the entire amortized cost basis, none of the debt securities are deemed to be
other-than-temporarily impaired. 

Equity securities owned by the Company
consist of common stock of various financial services providers and are evaluated quarterly for evidence of other-than-temporary
impairment. There were four equity securities that were in an unrealized loss position for 12 months or more as of September 30,
2016. Individually and collectively, these four equity securities have insignificant unrealized losses. Management has identified
no other-than-temporary impairment as of, or for the periods ended September 30, 2016, September 30, 2015 and December 31, 2015,
respectively, in the equity portfolio. Management continues to track the performance of each stock owned to determine if it is
prudent to recognize any other-than-temporary impairment charges. The Company has the ability and intent to hold its equity securities
until recovery of unrealized losses. 

7.  Loans
and Related Allowance for Credit Losses   

Loans that the Company has the intent
and ability to hold for the foreseeable future or until maturity or payoff are stated at the outstanding unpaid principal balances,
net of any deferred fees or costs and the allowance for loan losses. Interest income on all loans, other than nonaccrual loans,
is accrued over the term of the loans based on the amount of principal outstanding. Unearned income is amortized to income over
the life of the loans, using the interest method. 

The loan portfolio is segmented into commercial
and consumer loans. Commercial loans are comprised of the following classes of loans: (1) commercial, financial and agricultural,
(2) commercial real estate, (3) real estate construction, a portion of (4) mortgage loans and (5) obligations of states and political
subdivisions. Consumer loans are comprised of a portion of (4) mortgage loans and (6) personal loans. 

Loans on which the accrual of interest
has been discontinued are designated as non-accrual loans. Accrual of interest on loans is generally discontinued when the contractual
payment of principal or interest has become 90 days past due or reasonable doubt exists as to the full, timely collection of principal
or interest. However, it is the Company s policy to continue to accrue interest on loans over 90 days past due as long as
(1) they are guaranteed or well secured and (2) there is an effective means of timely collection in process. When a loan is placed
on non-accrual status, all unpaid interest credited to income in the current year is reversed against current period income, and
unpaid interest accrued in prior years is charged against the allowance for loan losses. Interest received on nonaccrual loans
generally is either applied against principal or reported as interest income, according to management s judgment as to the
collectability of principal. Generally, accruals are resumed on loans only when the obligation is brought fully current with respect
to interest and principal, has performed in accordance with the contractual terms for a reasonable period of time and the ultimate
collectability of the total contractual principal and interest is no longer in doubt. 

The Company originates loans in the portfolio
with the intent to hold them until maturity. At the time the Company no longer intends to hold loans to maturity based on asset/liability
management practices, the Company transfers loans from its portfolio to held for sale at fair value. Any write-down recorded upon
transfer is charged against the allowance for loan losses. Any write-downs recorded after the initial transfers are recorded as
a charge to other non-interest expense. Gains or losses recognized upon sale are included in gains on sales of loans which is
a component of non-interest income. 

The Company also originates residential
mortgage loans with the intent to sell. These individual loans are normally funded by the buyer immediately. The Company maintains
servicing rights on these loans. Mortgage servicing rights are recognized as an asset upon the sale of a mortgage loan. A portion
of the cost of the loan is allocated to the servicing right based upon relative fair value. Servicing rights are intangible assets
and are carried at estimated fair value. Adjustments to fair value are recorded as non-interest income and included in gain on
sales of loans in the consolidated statements of income. 

The allowance for credit losses consists
of the allowance for loan losses and the reserve for unfunded lending commitments. The allowance for loan losses ( allowance )
represents management s estimate of losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of the consolidated statement of financial
condition date and is recorded as a reduction to loans. The reserve for unfunded lending commitments represents management s
estimate of losses inherent in its unfunded lending commitments and is recorded in other liabilities on the consolidated statement
of financial condition, when necessary. The amount of the reserve for unfunded lending commitments is not material to the consolidated
financial statements. The allowance for loan losses is increased by the provision for loan losses, and decreased by charge-offs,
net of recoveries. Loans deemed to be uncollectible are charged against the allowance for loan losses, and subsequent recoveries,
if any, are credited to the allowance. 

For financial reporting purposes, the
provision for loan losses charged to current operating income is based on management's estimates, and actual losses may vary from
estimates. These estimates are reviewed and adjusted at least quarterly and are reported in earnings in the periods in which they
become known. 

Loans included in any class are considered
for charge-off when: 

principal
                                         or interest has been in default for 120 days or more and for which no payment has been
                                         received during the previous four months;    

all
                                         collateral securing the loan has been liquidated and a deficiency balance remains;    

a
                                         bankruptcy notice is received for an unsecured loan;     

a
                                         confirming loss event has occurred; or    

the
                                         loan is deemed to be uncollectible for any other reason.     

The allowance for loan losses is maintained
at a level considered adequate to offset probable losses on the Company s existing loans. The analysis of the allowance
for loan losses relies heavily on changes in observable trends that may indicate potential credit weaknesses. Management s
periodic evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance is based on the Company s past loan loss experience, known and inherent
risks in the portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, the estimated value of any underlying
collateral, composition of the loan portfolio, current economic conditions and other relevant factors. This evaluation is inherently
subjective as it requires material estimates that may be susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. 

In addition, regulatory agencies, as an
integral part of their examination process, periodically review the Company s allowance for loan losses and may require
the Company to recognize additions to the allowance for loan losses based on their judgments about information available to them
at the time of their examination, which may not be currently available to management. Based on management s comprehensive
analysis of the loan portfolio, management believes the level of the allowance for loan losses as of September 30, 2016 was adequate. 

There are two components of the allowance:
a specific component for loans that are deemed to be impaired; and a general component for contingencies. 

A loan is considered to be impaired when,
based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal
or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by management in determining
impairment include payment status, collateral value and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments
when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired.
Management determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration
all of the circumstances surrounding the loans and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay,
the borrower s prior payment record and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. Impairment
is measured on a loan by loan basis by the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective
interest rate, the loan s observable market price or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. 

The estimated fair values of substantially
all of the Company s impaired loans are measured based on the estimated fair value of the loan s collateral. For commercial
loans secured with real estate, estimated fair values are determined primarily through third-party appraisals. When a real estate
secured loan becomes impaired, a decision is made regarding whether an updated certified appraisal of the real estate is necessary.
This decision is based on various considerations, including the age of the most recent appraisal, the loan-to-value ratio based
on the current appraisal and the condition of the property. Appraised values may be discounted to arrive at the estimated selling
price of the collateral, which is considered to be the estimated fair value. The discounts also include the estimated costs to
sell the property. For commercial loans secured by non-real estate collateral, estimated fair values are determined based on the
borrower s financial statements, inventory reports, aging accounts receivable, equipment appraisals or invoices. Indications
of value from these sources are generally discounted based on the age of the financial information or the quality of the assets.
For such loans that are classified as impaired, an allowance is established when the discounted cash flows (or collateral value
or observable market price) of the impaired loan is lower than the carrying value of that loan. The Company generally does not
separately identify individual consumer segment loans for impairment disclosures, unless such loans are subject to a restructuring
agreement. 

Loans whose terms are modified are classified
as troubled debt restructurings if the Company grants borrowers concessions and it is deemed that those borrowers are experiencing
financial difficulty. Concessions granted under a troubled debt restructuring generally involve a below-market interest rate based
on the loan s risk characteristics or an extension of a loan s stated maturity date. Nonaccrual troubled debt restructurings
are restored to accrual status if principal and interest payments, under the modified terms, are current for a sustained period
of time after modification. Loans classified as troubled debt restructurings are designated as impaired. 

The component of the allowance for contingencies
relates to other loans that have been segmented into risk rated categories. The borrower s overall financial condition,
repayment sources, guarantors and value of collateral, if appropriate, are evaluated quarterly or when credit deficiencies arise,
such as delinquent loan payments. Credit quality risk ratings include regulatory classifications of special mention, substandard,
doubtful and loss. Loans classified as special mention have potential weaknesses that deserve management s close attention.
If uncorrected, the potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects. Loans classified as substandard
have one or more well-defined weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. Substandard loans include loans that are
inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans
classified doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in loans classified substandard with the added characteristic that collection
or liquidation in full, on the basis of current conditions and facts, is highly improbable. Loans classified as a loss are considered
uncollectible and are charged to the allowance for loan losses. Loans not classified are rated pass. Specific reserves may be
established for larger, individual classified loans as a result of this evaluation, as discussed above. Remaining loans are categorized
into large groups of smaller balance homogeneous loans and are collectively evaluated for impairment. This computation is generally
based on historical loss experience adjusted for qualitative factors. The historical loss experience is averaged over a ten-year
period for each of the portfolio segments. The ten-year timeframe was selected in order to capture activity over a wide range
of economic conditions and has been consistently used by the Company for the past seven years. Qualitative risk factors are reviewed
for relevancy each quarter and include: 

National,
                                         regional and local economic and business conditions, as well as the condition of various
                                         market segments, including the underlying collateral for collateral dependent loans;    

Nature
                                         and volume of the portfolio and terms of loans;    

Experience,
                                         ability and depth of lending and credit management and staff;    

Volume
                                         and severity of past due, classified and nonaccrual loans, as well as other loan modifications;    

Existence
                                         and effect of any concentrations of credit and changes in the level of such concentrations;
                                         and    

Effect
                                         of external factors, including competition.    

Each factor is assigned a value to reflect
improving, stable or declining conditions based on management s best judgment using relevant information available at the
time of the evaluation. Adjustments to the factors are supported through documentation of changes in conditions in a narrative
accompanying the allowance for loan loss calculation. 

Commercial, Financial and Agricultural
Lending 

The Company originates commercial, financial
and agricultural loans primarily to businesses located in its primary market area and surrounding areas. These loans are used
for various business purposes, which include short-term loans and lines of credit to finance machinery and equipment purchases,
inventory and accounts receivable. Generally, the maximum term for loans extended on machinery and equipment is shorter and does
not exceed the projected useful life of such machinery and equipment. Most business lines of credit are written with a five year
maturity, subject to an annual credit review. 

Commercial loans are generally secured
with short-term assets; however, in many cases, additional collateral, such as real estate, is provided as additional security
for the loan. Loan-to-value maximum values have been established by the Company and are specific to the type of collateral. Collateral
values may be determined using invoices, inventory reports, accounts receivable aging reports, collateral appraisals, etc. 

In underwriting commercial loans, an analysis
of the borrower s character, capacity to repay the loan, the adequacy of the borrower s capital and collateral, as
well as an evaluation of conditions affecting the borrower, is performed. Analysis of the borrower s past, present and future
cash flows is also an important aspect of the Company s analysis. 

Concentration analysis assists in identifying
industry specific risk inherent in commercial, financial and agricultural lending. Mitigants include the identification of secondary
and tertiary sources of repayment and appropriate increases in oversight. 

Commercial, financial and agricultural
loans generally present a higher level of risk than certain other types of loans, particularly during slow economic conditions. 

Commercial Real Estate Lending 

The Company engages in commercial real
estate lending in its primary market area and surrounding areas. The Company s commercial real estate portfolio is secured
primarily by residential housing, commercial buildings, raw land and hotels. Generally, commercial real estate loans have terms
that do not exceed 20 years, have loan-to-value ratios of up to 80% of the appraised value of the property and are typically secured
by personal guarantees of the borrowers. 

As economic conditions deteriorate, the
Company reduces its exposure in real estate loans with higher risk characteristics. In underwriting these loans, the Company performs
a thorough analysis of the financial condition of the borrower, the borrower s credit history, and the reliability and predictability
of the cash flow generated by the property securing the loan. Appraisals on properties securing commercial real estate loans originated
by the Company are performed by independent appraisers. 

Commercial real estate loans generally
present a higher level of risk than certain other types of loans, particularly during slow economic conditions. 

Real Estate Construction Lending 

The Company engages in real estate construction
lending in its primary market area and surrounding areas. The Company s real estate construction lending consists of commercial
and residential site development loans, as well as commercial building construction and residential housing construction loans. 

The Company s commercial real estate
construction loans are generally secured with the subject property, and advances are made in conformity with a pre-determined
draw schedule supported by independent inspections. Terms of construction loans depend on the specifics of the project, such as
estimated absorption rates, estimated time to complete, etc. 

In underwriting commercial real estate
construction loans, the Company performs a thorough analysis of the financial condition of the borrower, the borrower s
credit history, the reliability and predictability of the cash flow generated by the project using feasibility studies, market
data, etc. Appraisals on properties securing commercial real estate loans originated by the Company are performed by independent
appraisers. 

Real estate construction loans generally
present a higher level of risk than certain other types of loans, particularly during slow economic conditions. The difficulty
of estimating total construction costs adds to the risk as well. 

Mortgage Lending 

The Company s real estate mortgage
portfolio is comprised of consumer residential mortgages and business loans secured by one-to-four family properties. One-to-four
family residential mortgage loan originations, including home equity installment and home equity lines of credit loans, are generated
by the Company s marketing efforts, its present customers, walk-in customers and referrals. These loans originate primarily
within the Company s market area or with customers primarily from the market area. 

The Company offers fixed-rate and adjustable
rate mortgage loans with terms up to a maximum of 25-years for both permanent structures and those under construction. The Company s
one-to-four family residential mortgage originations are secured primarily by properties located in its primary market area and
surrounding areas. The majority of the Company s residential mortgage loans originate with a loan-to-value of 80% or less.
Home equity installment loans are secured by the borrower s primary residence with a maximum loan-to-value of 80% and a
maximum term of 15 years. Home equity lines of credit are secured by the borrower s primary residence with a maximum loan-to-value
of 90% and a maximum term of 20 years. 

In underwriting one-to-four family residential
real estate loans, the Company evaluates the borrower s ability to make monthly payments, the borrower s repayment
history and the value of the property securing the loan. The ability to repay is determined by the borrower s employment
history, current financial conditions, and credit background. The analysis is based primarily on the customer s ability
to repay and secondarily on the collateral or security. Most properties securing real estate loans made by the Company are appraised
by independent fee appraisers. The Company generally requires mortgage loan borrowers to obtain an attorney s title opinion
or title insurance, and fire and property insurance (including flood insurance, if necessary) in an amount not less than the amount
of the loan. The Company does not engage in sub-prime residential mortgage originations. 

Residential mortgage loans and home equity
loans generally present a lower level of risk than certain other types of consumer loans because they are secured by the borrower s
primary residence. Risk is increased when the Company is in a subordinate position for the loan collateral. 

Obligations of States and Political Subdivisions 

The Company lends to local municipalities
and other tax-exempt organizations. These loans are primarily tax-anticipation notes and, as such, carry little risk. Historically,
the Company has never had a loss on any loan of this type. 

Personal Lending 

The Company offers a variety of secured
and unsecured personal loans, including vehicle loans, mobile home loans and loans secured by savings deposits as well as other
types of personal loans. 

Personal loan terms vary according to
the type and value of collateral and creditworthiness of the borrower. In underwriting personal loans, a thorough analysis of
the borrower s willingness and financial ability to repay the loan as agreed is performed. The ability to repay is determined
by the borrower s employment history, current financial conditions and credit background. 

Personal loans may entail greater credit
risk than do residential mortgage loans, particularly in the case of personal loans which are unsecured or are secured by rapidly
depreciable assets, such as automobiles or recreational equipment. In such cases, any repossessed collateral for a defaulted personal
loan may not provide an adequate source of repayment of the outstanding loan balance as a result of the greater likelihood of
damage, loss or depreciation. In addition, personal loan collections are dependent on the borrower s continuing financial
stability, and thus are more likely to be affected by adverse personal circumstances. Furthermore, the application of various
federal and state laws, including bankruptcy and insolvency laws, may limit the amount which can be recovered on such loans. 

Loan Portfolio Classification 

The following tables present the classes
of the loan portfolio summarized by the aggregate pass rating and the classified ratings of special mention, substandard and doubtful
within the Company s internal risk rating system as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (in thousands): 

The increase in loans classified as substandard
on September 30, 2016 as compared to December 31, 2015 relates primarily to two business loan relationships that were downgraded
and deemed to be impaired due to cash flow deficiencies, with combined balances in excess of $5 million. Neither loan is delinquent
in its contractual payments. 

The Company has certain loans in its portfolio
that are considered to be impaired. It is the policy of the Company to recognize income on impaired loans that have been transferred
to nonaccrual status on a cash basis, only to the extent that it exceeds principal balance recovery. Until an impaired loan is
placed on nonaccrual status, income is recognized on the accrual basis. Collateral analysis is performed on each impaired loan
at least quarterly, and results are used to determine if a specific reserve is necessary to adjust the carrying value of each
individual loan down to the estimated fair value. Generally, specific reserves are carried against impaired loans based upon estimated
collateral value until a confirming loss event occurs or until termination of the credit is scheduled through liquidation of the
collateral or foreclosure. Charge off will occur when a confirmed loss is identified. Professional appraisals of collateral, discounted
for expected selling costs, appraisal age, economic conditions and other known factors are used to determine the charge-off amount.
The following tables summarize information regarding impaired loans by portfolio class as of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015 (in thousands): 

The following table presents nonaccrual loans
by classes of the loan portfolio as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (in thousands): 

The performance and credit quality of
the loan portfolio is also monitored by analyzing the age of the loans receivable as determined by the length of time a recorded
payment is past due. The following table presents the classes of the loan portfolio summarized by the past due status as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (in thousands): 

The following table summarizes information
regarding troubled debt restructurings by loan portfolio class at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, in thousands of dollars. 

The Company s troubled debt restructurings
are also impaired loans, which may result in a specific allocation and subsequent charge-off if appropriate. As of September 30,
2016 there were no specific reserves carried for troubled debt restructurings. In the nine months ended September 30, 2015, one
troubled debt restructured loan was foreclosed upon, resulting in a charge-off of $90,000, and an addition to OREO of $265,000.
There were no other defaults of troubled debt restructurings that took place during the three or nine months ended September 30,
2016 or 2015 within 12 months of restructure. On December 31, 2015, there were no specific reserves carried for troubled debt
restructured loans and no charge-offs relating to the troubled debt restructurings. The amended terms of the restructured loans
vary, whereby interest rates have been reduced, principal payments have been reduced or deferred for a period of time and/or maturity
dates have been extended. 

Number of  Contracts       
     Pre-Modification  Outstanding  Recorded 
    Investment       
     Post-Modification  Outstanding  Recorded 
    Investment       
     Recorded  Investment     
 
     Three months ended September 30, 2016    

Non-accruing troubled debt restructurings:    

Real estate - mortgage    
        -       
     $  -       
     $  -       
     $  -     

-       
     $  -       
     $  -       
     $  -     
 
     Nine months ended September 30, 2016    

Non-accruing troubled debt restructurings:    

Real estate - mortgage    
        1       
     $  25       
     $  25       
     $  24     

1       
     $  25       
     $  25       
     $  24     

There were no loans whose terms have been
modified resulting in troubled debt restructurings during the three months or nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Consumer mortgage loans secured by residential
real estate properties for which formal foreclosure proceedings were in process at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 totaled
$2,811,000 and $1,614,000, respectively.  

The following tables summarize the activity
in the allowance for loan losses and related investments in loans receivable (in thousands): 

As of, and for the periods ended, September
30, 2016  

As of, and for the periods ended, September
30, 2015  

As of December 31, 2015  

8.
Goodwill and other intangible assets   

Branch Acquisition 

 On September 8, 2006, the Company acquired
a branch office in Richfield, PA. Goodwill at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $2,046,000. Core deposit intangible
was fully amortized as of September 30, 2016 and was $29,000, net of amortization of $402,000, at December 31, 2015. The core
deposit intangible was amortized over a ten-year period on a straight line basis. Goodwill is not amortized, but is measured annually
for impairment or more frequently if certain events occur which might indicate goodwill has been impaired. Core deposit amortization
expense was $7,000 and $11,000 in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. For the nine month periods
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, core deposit amortization expense was $29,000 and $33,000, respectively. There was no impairment
of goodwill during the three or nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. 

FNBPA Acquisition 

 On November 30, 2015, the Company completed
its acquisition of FNBPA and as a result, recorded goodwill of $3,402,000. Core deposit intangible in the amount of $303,000 was
recorded in the fourth quarter of 2015 and is being amortized over a ten-year period using a sum of the year s digits basis.
Core deposit intangible amortization expense recorded in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $14,000 and $42,000,
respectively, and is expected to be $55,000 for the full year. In the succeeding 4 years, core deposit intangible amortization
is expected to be $49,000, $44,000, $38,000 and $33,000 per year, respectively, and $80,000 in total for years after 2020. Other
intangible assets were identified and recorded as of November 30, 2015 in the amount of $40,000 and are being amortized on a straight
line basis over two years, through November 30, 2017. Expense recognized in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
was $10,000 and $15,000, respectively. Amortization expense is projected to be $20,000 and $18,000 for the full year of 2016 and
2017, respectively. 

9.
Investment in Unconsolidated Subsidiary   

The Company owns 39.16% of the outstanding
common stock of Liverpool Community Bank (LCB), Liverpool, PA. This investment is accounted for under the equity method of accounting
and is being carried at $4,668,000 as of September 30, 2016. The Company increases its investment in LCB for its share of earnings
and decreases its investment by any dividends received from LCB. The investment is evaluated quarterly for impairment. A loss
in value of the investment which is determined to be other than a temporary decline would be recognized as a loss in the period
in which such determination is made. Evidence of a loss in value might include, but would not necessarily be limited to, absence
of an ability to recover the carrying amount of the investment or inability of LCB to sustain an earnings capacity that would
justify the current carrying value of the investment. There was no impairment of goodwill during the three or nine month periods
ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. 

10.
Fair Value Measurement   

Fair value measurement and disclosure
guidance defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
(that is, not a forced liquidation or distressed sale) between market participants at the measurement date under current market
conditions. Additional guidance is provided on determining when the volume and level of activity for the asset or liability has
significantly decreased. The guidance also includes guidance on identifying circumstances when a transaction may not be considered
orderly. 

Fair value measurement and disclosure
guidance provides a list of factors that a reporting entity should evaluate to determine whether there has been a significant
decrease in the volume and level of activity for the asset or liability in relation to normal market activity for the asset or
liability. When the reporting entity concludes there has been a significant decrease in the volume and level of activity for the
asset or liability, further analysis of the information from that market is needed, and significant adjustments to the related
prices may be necessary to estimate fair value in accordance with fair value measurement and disclosure guidance. 

This guidance clarifies that, when there
has been a significant decrease in the volume and level of activity for the asset or liability, some transactions may not be orderly.
In those situations, the entity must evaluate the weight of the evidence to determine whether the transaction is orderly. The
guidance provides a list of circumstances that may indicate that a transaction is not orderly. A transaction price that is not
associated with an orderly transaction is given little, if any, weight when estimating fair value. 

Fair value measurement and disclosure
guidance defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants. A fair value measurement assumes that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the
liability occurs in the principal market for the asset or liability or, in the absence of a principal market, the most advantageous
market for the asset or liability. The price in the principal (or most advantageous) market used to measure the fair value of
the asset or liability is not adjusted for transaction costs. An orderly transaction is a transaction that assumes exposure to
the market for a period prior to the measurement date to allow for marketing activities that are usual and customary for transactions
involving such assets and liabilities; it is not a forced transaction. Market participants are buyers and sellers in the principal
market that are (i) independent, (ii) knowledgeable, (iii) able to transact and (iv) willing to transact. 

Fair value measurement and disclosure
guidance requires the use of valuation techniques that are consistent with the market approach, the income approach and/or the
cost approach. The market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical
or comparable assets and liabilities. The income approach uses valuation techniques to convert future amounts, such as cash flows
or earnings, to a single present amount on a discounted basis. The cost approach is based on the amount that currently would be
required to replace the service capacity of an asset (replacement cost). Valuation techniques should be consistently applied.
Inputs to valuation techniques refer to the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.
Inputs may be observable, meaning those that reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability
developed based on market data obtained from independent sources, or unobservable, meaning those that reflect the reporting entity s
own assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best
information available in the circumstances. In that regard, the guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy for valuation inputs
that gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority
to unobservable inputs. The fair value hierarchy is as follows: 

Level 1 Inputs   Unadjusted quoted
prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement
date. 

Level 2 Inputs   Inputs other than
quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. These might include
quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities
in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (such as interest
rates, volatilities, prepayment speeds, credit risks, etc.) or inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by market
data by correlation or other means. 

Level 3 Inputs   Unobservable inputs
for determining the fair values of assets or liabilities that reflect an entity s own assumptions about the assumptions
that market participants would use in pricing the assets or liabilities. 

An asset s or liability s
placement in the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

A description of the valuation methodologies
used for assets and liabilities measured at fair value, as well as the general classification of such assets and liabilities pursuant
to the valuation hierarchy, is set forth below. 

In general, fair value is based upon quoted
market prices, where available. If such quoted market prices are not available, fair value is based upon internally developed
models that primarily use, as inputs, observable market-based parameters. Valuation adjustments may be made to ensure that financial
instruments are recorded at fair value. These adjustments may include amounts to reflect counterparty credit quality and the Company s
creditworthiness, among other things, as well as unobservable parameters. Any such valuation adjustments are applied consistently
over time. The Company s valuation methodologies may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net
realizable value or reflective of future fair values. While management believes the Company s valuation methodologies are
appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the
fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date. 

Securities Available for Sale. Debt securities
classified as available for sale are reported at fair value utilizing Level 2 inputs. For these securities, the Company obtains
fair value measurement from an independent pricing service. The fair value measurements consider observable data that may include
dealer quotes, market spreads, cash flows, the U.S. Treasury yield curve, live trading levels, trade execution data, market consensus
prepayment speeds, credit information and the bond s terms and conditions, among other things. Equity securities classified
as available for sale are reported at fair value using Level 1 inputs. 

Impaired Loans. Certain impaired loans
are reported on a non-recurring basis at the fair value of the underlying collateral since repayment is expected solely from the
collateral. Fair value is generally determined based upon independent third-party appraisals of the properties, or discounted
cash flows based upon the expected proceeds. These assets are included as Level 3 fair values, based upon the lowest level of
input that is significant to the fair value measurements. 

Other Real Estate Owned. Certain assets
included in other real estate owned are carried at fair value as a result of impairment and accordingly are presented as measured
on a non-recurring basis. Values are estimated using Level 3 inputs, based on appraisals that consider the sales prices of property
in the proximate vicinity. 

Mortgage Servicing Rights. The fair value
of servicing assets is based on the present value of estimated future cash flows on pools of mortgages stratified by rate and
maturity date and are considered Level 3 inputs. 

The following table summarizes financial
assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, segregated by the level
of the valuation inputs within the fair value hierarchy utilized to measure fair value (in thousands). There were no transfers
of assets between fair value Level 1 and Level 2 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. 

The following table presents additional quantitative
information about assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis and for which Level 3 inputs have been used to determine
fair value: 

(1)  Fair value is generally determined
                                         through independent appraisals of the underlying collateral that generally include various
                                         level 3 inputs which are not identifiable.   

(2)  Appraisals may be adjusted downward
                                         by management for qualitative factors such as economic conditions and estimated liquidation
                                         expenses. The range of liquidation expenses and other appraisal adjustments are presented
                                         as a percent of the appraisal.   

Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

 Management uses its best judgment in estimating
the fair value of the Company s financial instruments; however, there are inherent weaknesses in any estimation technique.
Therefore, the fair value estimates herein are not necessarily indicative of the amounts the Company could have realized in sales
transactions on the dates indicated. The estimated fair value amounts have been measured as of their respective year ends and
have not been re-evaluated or updated for purposes of these consolidated financial statements subsequent to those respective dates.
As such, the estimated fair values of these financial instruments subsequent to the respective reporting dates may be different
from the amounts reported at each quarter end. 

The information presented below should
not be interpreted as an estimate of the fair value of the entire Company since a fair value calculation is provided only for
a limited portion of the Company s assets and liabilities. Due to a wide range of valuation techniques and the degree of
subjectivity used in making the estimates, comparisons between the Company s disclosures and those of other companies may
not be meaningful. 

The following describes the estimated
fair value of the Company s financial instruments as well as the significant methods and assumptions not previously disclosed
used to determine these estimated fair values. 

Carrying values approximate fair value
for cash and due from banks, interest-bearing demand deposits with banks, restricted stock in the Federal Home Loan Bank, loans
held for sale, interest receivable, mortgage servicing rights, non-interest bearing deposits, securities sold under agreements
to repurchase, short-term borrowings and interest payable. Other than cash and due from banks, which are considered Level 1 inputs,
and mortgage servicing rights, which are Level 3 inputs, these instruments are Level 2 inputs. 

Interest bearing time deposits with banks
- The estimated fair value is determined by discounting the contractual future cash flows, using the rates currently offered for
deposits of similar remaining maturities. 

Loans   For variable-rate loans
that reprice frequently and which entail no significant changes in credit risk, carrying values approximated fair value. Substantially
all commercial loans and real estate mortgages are variable rate loans. The fair value of other loans (i.e. consumer loans and
fixed-rate real estate mortgages) is estimated by calculating the present value of the cash flow difference between the current
rate and the market rate, for the average maturity, discounted quarterly at the market rate. 

Fixed rate time deposits - The estimated
fair value is determined by discounting the contractual future cash flows, using the rates currently offered for deposits of similar
remaining maturities. 

Long term debt and other interest bearing
liabilities   The fair value is estimated using discounted cash flow analysis, based on incremental borrowing rates for
similar types of arrangements. 

Commitments to extend credit and letters
of credit   The fair value of commitments to extend credit is estimated using the fees currently charged to enter into similar
agreements, taking into account market interest rates, the remaining terms and present credit-worthiness of the counterparties.
The fair value of guarantees and letters of credit is based on fees currently charged for similar agreements. 

The estimated fair values of the Company s
financial instruments are as follows (in thousands): 

Financial Instruments  

 (in thousands) 

The following presents the carrying amount,
fair value and placement in the fair value hierarchy of the Company s financial instruments not previously disclosed as
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. This table excludes financial instruments for which the carrying amount approximates
fair value (in thousands). 

11.
Defined Benefit Retirement Plan   

The Company sponsors a defined benefit
retirement Plan (the  JVB Plan ) which covers substantially all of its employees employed prior to December 31, 2007.
As of January 1, 2008, the JVB Plan was amended to close the JVB Plan to new entrants. All active participants as of December
31, 2007 became 100% vested in their accrued benefit and, as long as they remained eligible, continued to accrue benefits until
December 31, 2012. The benefits are based on years of service and the employee s compensation. Effective December 31, 2012,
the JVB Plan was amended (frozen) to cease future service accruals after that date. The Company s funding policy is to contribute
annually no more than the maximum amount that can be deducted for federal income tax purposes. Contributions are intended to provide
for benefits attributed to service through December 31, 2012. The Company has made no contributions in the first nine months of
2016 and does not expect to contribute to the JVB Plan in the remainder of 2016. Pension expense included the following components
for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

As a result of the FNBPA acquisition,
the Company sponsors a second defined benefit retirement plan (the  FNB Plan ), which covers substantially all former
FNBPA employees that were employed prior to September 30, 2008. The FNB Plan was amended as of December 31, 2015 to cease future
service accruals to previously unfrozen participants and is now considered to be  frozen . The Company s funding
policy is to contribute annually no more than the maximum amount that can be deducted for federal income tax purposes. Contributions
are intended to provide for benefits attributed to service prior to the frozen date. The Company has made no contributions in
the first nine months of 2016 and does not expect to contribute to the FNB Plan in the remainder of 2016. Pension benefit included
the following components for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

(Dollars in thousands)    
     Three Months Ended       
     Nine Months Ended     

September 30,       
     September 30,     

2016       
     2015       
     2016       
     2015     
 
     Components of net periodic pension
    cost (income)    

Interest cost    
     $  53       
     $  -       
     $  159       
     $  -     
 
     Expected return on plan assets    
        (57  )    
        -       
        (171  )    
        -     
 
     Recognized net actuarial loss    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
     Net periodic pension cost (income)    
     $  (4  )    
     $  -       
     $  (12  )    
     $  -     

Amortization of net actuarial loss recognized in other
    comprehensive income    
     $  -       
     $  -       
     $  -       
     $  -     

Total recognized in net periodic pension cost and other
    comprehensive income    
     $  (4  )    
     $  -       
     $  (12  )    
     $  -     

12.
Commitments, Contingent Liabilities and Guarantees   

In the ordinary course of business, the
Company makes commitments to extend credit to its customers through letters of credit, loan commitments and lines of credit. At
September 30, 2016, the Company had $60,613,000 outstanding in loan commitments and other unused lines of credit extended to its
customers as compared to $47,280,000 at December 31, 2015. 

The Company does not issue any guarantees
that would require liability recognition or disclosure, other than its letters of credit. Letters of credit are conditional commitments
issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Generally, financial and performance letters
of credit have expiration dates within one year of issuance, while commercial letters of credit have longer term commitments.
The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as the risks that are involved in extending loan
facilities to customers. The Company generally holds collateral and/or personal guarantees supporting these commitments. The Company
had outstanding $2,574,000 and $2,586,000 of financial and performance letters of credit commitments as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, respectively. Commercial letters of credit as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 totaled $12,400,000.
Management believes that the proceeds obtained through a liquidation of collateral and the enforcement of guarantees would be
sufficient to cover the potential amount of future payments required under the corresponding guarantees. The amount of the liability
as of September 30, 2016 for payments under letters of credit issued was not material. Because these instruments have fixed maturity
dates, and because many of them will expire without being drawn upon, they do not generally present any significant liquidity
risk. 

Additionally, the Company has committed
to fund and sell qualifying residential mortgage loans to the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh in the total amount of $10,000,000.
As of September 30, 2016, $7,124,000 remained to be delivered on that commitment, $428,000 of which has been committed to borrowers. 

13 .
Subsequent Events   

In October 2016, the Board of Directors
declared a dividend of $0.22 per share to shareholders of record on November 15, 2016, payable on December 1, 2016. 

Item 2.    

   Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

Forward Looking Statements: 

The information contained in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q contains forward looking statements (as such term is defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the
regulations thereunder) including statements which are not historical facts or that address trends or management's intentions,
plans, beliefs, expectations or opinions.  Such forward looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and may
be affected by various factors which may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward looking statements
including, without limitation: 

the
                                         impact of adverse changes in the economy and real estate markets, including protracted
                                         periods of low-growth and sluggish loan demand;   

the
                                         effect of market interest rates, particularly a continuing period of low market interest
                                         rates, and relative balances of rate-sensitive assets to rate-sensitive liabilities,
                                         on net interest margin and net interest income;   

the
                                         effect of competition on rates of deposit and loan growth and net interest margin;   

increases
                                         in non-performing assets, which may result in increases in the allowance for credit losses,
                                         loan charge-offs and elevated collection and carrying costs related to such non-performing
                                         assets;   

other
                                         income growth, including the impact of regulatory changes which have reduced debit card
                                         interchange revenue;   

investment
                                         securities gains and losses, including other than temporary declines in the value of
                                         securities which may result in charges to earnings;   

the
                                         level of other expenses, including salaries and employee benefit expenses;   

the
                                         increasing time and expense associated with regulatory compliance and risk management;   

the
                                         uncertainty and lack of clear regulatory guidance associated with the delay in implementing
                                         many of the regulations mandated by the Dodd Frank Act;   

capital
                                         and liquidity strategies, including the expected impact of the capital and liquidity
                                         requirements modified by the Basel III standards; amd   

integration
                                         costs and cost savings related to business combinations, including the acquisition of
                                         FNBPA completed on November 30, 2015.   

The Company undertakes no obligation to
publicly update or revise forward looking information, whether as a result of new or updated information, future events or otherwise. 
For a more complete discussion of certain risks, uncertainties and other factors affecting the Company, refer to the Company s
Risk Factors, contained in Item 1A of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and
Item 1A of Part II of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, a copy of which may be obtained from the Company upon request and without
charge (except for the exhibits thereto). 

Critical Accounting Policies: 

Disclosure of the Company s significant
accounting policies is included in the notes to the consolidated financial statements of the Company s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Some of these policies require significant judgments, estimates, and assumptions
to be made by management, most particularly in connection with determining the provision for loan losses and the appropriate level
of the allowance for loan losses, as well as management s evaluation of the investment portfolio for other-than-temporary
impairment. There have been no changes in critical accounting policies since December 31, 2015. 

General: 

The following discussion relates to the
consolidated financial condition of the Company as of September 30, 2016, as compared to December 31, 2015, and the consolidated
results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same periods in 2015. This discussion
should be read in conjunction with the interim consolidated financial statements and related notes included herein. 

Overview: 

Juniata Valley Financial Corp. is a Pennsylvania
corporation organized in 1983 to be the holding company of The Juniata Valley Bank. The Bank is a state-chartered bank headquartered
in Mifflintown, Pennsylvania. Juniata Valley Financial Corp. and its subsidiary bank derive substantially all of their income
from banking and bank-related services, including interest earned on residential real estate, commercial mortgage, commercial
and consumer loans, interest earned on investment securities and fee income from deposit services and other financial services
to its customers through 15 locations in Pennsylvania. The Company completed its acquisition of FNBPA on November 30, 2015, at
which time total assets increased by approximately $92 million, or 19%. Juniata Valley Financial Corp. also owns 39.16% of Liverpool
Community Bank (LCB), located in Liverpool, Pennsylvania. The Company accounts for LCB as an unconsolidated subsidiary using the
equity method of accounting. 

Financial Condition: 

Total assets as of September 30, 2016,
were $577.0 million, a decrease of 1.2% compared to December 31, 2015. Comparing the balances at September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, deposits increased by $6.2 million, with non-interest bearing deposits decreasing by $2.2 million and interest-bearing
deposits increasing by $8.4 million. The Company s investment portfolio decreased by $2.4 million and borrowings decreased
by $14.3 million. 

The table below shows changes in deposit
volumes by type of deposit (in thousands of dollars) between December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016. 

Overall, loan balances remained relatively
consistent at December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016, as shown in the table below (in thousands of dollars); however, commercial,
financial and agricultural, real estate construction and personal consumer loans increased, offsetting reductions in the consumer
and commercial real estate mortgage portfolios as well as reductions in loan balances of states and political subdivisions. 

A summary of the activity in the allowance
for loan losses for each of the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands) is presented below. 

As of September 30, 2016, 55 loans (exclusive
of loans acquired with credit deterioration), with aggregate outstanding balances of $13,037,000, were individually evaluated
for impairment. A collateral analysis was performed on each of these 55 loans in order to establish a portion of the reserve needed
to carry impaired loans at fair value. As a result, four loans were determined to have insufficient collateral, and specific reserves,
totaling $144,000, were established for the impaired loans. 

Management believes that the specific
reserves carried are adequate to cover potential future losses related to these relationships. There are no other material loans
classified as loss, doubtful, substandard, or special mention which management expects to significantly impact future operating
results, liquidity or capital resources. 

Following is a summary of the Bank s
non-performing loans on September 30, 2016 as compared to December 31, 2015. 

Stockholders  equity increased from
December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016 by $2,185,000, or 3.6%. The Company s net income for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 exceeded dividends paid by $684,000. The adjustment to accumulated other comprehensive loss to record the amortization
of the net actuarial loss of the Company s defined benefit retirement plan increased the Company s equity by $123,000.
The change in market value of securities available for sale increased shareholders  equity by $1,282,000 when comparing
September 30, 2016 to December 31, 2015. Stock based compensation expense recorded pursuant to the Company s Stock Option
Plan added $50,000 during the nine month period and net issuance of stock for employee stock plans added $64,000 to equity. Additionally,
the Company repurchased 1,000 shares into treasury during the period, costing $18,000. 

Subsequent to September 30, 2016, the
following events took place: 

On October 18, 2016, the Board of Directors
declared a cash dividend of $0.22 per share to shareholders of record on November 15, 2016, payable on December 1, 2016. 

Comparison of the Three Months Ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015   

Operations Overview: 

 Net income for the third quarter of 2016
was $1,447,000, an increase of $439,000, or 43.5%, when compared to the third quarter of 2015. The increase was due primarily
to growth of earning assets and revenues as a result of the acquisition of FNBPA, consummated on November 30, 2015, but also due
to infrequently occurring items in both periods. Basic and diluted earnings per share were $0.30 in the third quarter of 2016
compared to $0.24 in the third quarter of 2015. Presented below are selected key ratios for the two periods: 

The discussion that follows further explains
changes in the components of net income when comparing the third quarter of 2016 with the third quarter of 2015. 

Net Interest Income: 

 Net interest income was $4,488,000 for
the third quarter of 2016, as compared to $3,803,000 in the same quarter in 2015, an increase of 18.0%. Average earning assets
increased by 17.6%, and the net interest margin, on a fully tax equivalent basis, remained at 3.59% in both periods. 

Average loan balances increased by $72.7
million, or 23.9%, and interest on loans increased $726,000 in the third quarter of 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015.
Average balances of loans added through the acquisition of FNBPA were approximately $40 million, while the remaining amount of
the increase, approximately $33 million, was the result of new loan origination. The increase in average loans outstanding increased
interest income by $858,000 but was partially offset by a decrease of 16 basis points in the average weighted yield that reduced
interest income by approximately $132,000. 

Interest earned on investment securities
increased $38,000 in the third quarter of 2016 as compared to the third quarter of 2015. Yield increases added $14,000, while
average balance increases added $24,000 to interest income. The overall pre-tax yield on the investment securities portfolio increased
during the period by 5 basis points, with the average balance increasing by $4.3 million. 

Total average earning assets during the
third quarter of 2016 were $519.1 million, compared to $441.5 million during the third quarter of 2015, yielding 3.89% and 3.88%,
respectively, in the 2016 and 2015 periods. Average interest-bearing liabilities increased by $51.9 million, while average non-interest
bearing deposits increased $21.9 million. The cost to fund interest earning assets was 0.43%, in both periods. 

Net interest margin on a fully tax-equivalent
basis remained at 3.59% for both the third quarter of 2016 and the third quarter of 2015. 

AVERAGE BALANCE SHEETS AND NET INTEREST
INCOME ANALYSIS  

 (Dollars in thousands) 

Notes: 

 1) Average balances were calculated using
a daily average. 

 2) Includes interest-bearing demand and
money market accounts. 

 3) Net margin on interest earning assets
is net interest income divided by average interest earning assets. 

 4) Interest on obligations of states and
municipalities is not subject to federal income tax. In order to make the net yield comparable on a fully taxable basis, a tax
equivalent adjustment is applied against the tax-exempt income utilizing a federal tax rate of 34%. 

 5) Non-accruing loans are included in
the above table until they are charged off. 

 6) The change in interest due to rate
and volume has been allocated to volume and rate changes in proportion to the relationship of the absolute dollar amounts of the
change in each. 

 (7) Includes gross unrealized gains (losses)
on securities available for sale. 

Provision for Loan Losses: 

 In the third quarter of 2016, the provision
for loan losses was $132,000, as compared to a provision of $140,000 in the third quarter of 2015. Management regularly reviews
the adequacy of the loan loss reserve and makes assessments as to specific loan impairment, historical charge-off expectations,
general economic conditions in the Bank s market area, specific loan quality and other factors. Factors affecting the provision
for loan losses were the increased loan balances considered in the analysis and credit concentrations. See the earlier discussion
in the Financial Condition section, explaining the information used to determine the provision. 

Non-interest Income: 

 Non-interest income in the third quarter
of 2016 was $1,571,000, compared to $1,193,000 in the third quarter of 2015, representing an increase of $378,000, or 31.7%. 

Most significantly impacting the comparative
third quarter periods were gains from life insurance in both periods. Third quarter non-interest income included $364,000 in 2016
versus $98,000 in 2015. Increases in customer service fees and debit card income of 18.9% and 20.5%, respectively, were primarily
due to the addition of deposit accounts from the FNBPA acquisition. Trust fees decreased by $21,000, or 20.0%, primarily due to
estate fees earned in the third quarter of 2015. 

Commissions from the sales of non-deposit
products decreased in the third quarter of 2016 by $18,000, or 29.5%, as sales activity decreased. Fees derived from loan activity
increased by $9,000, or 18.4%, due primarily to an increase in title insurance fees. 

The Company originates mortgages to sell
on the secondary market, while retaining the servicing rights; the Company has built a servicing portfolio of approximately $21.1
million as of September 30, 2016. The mortgage servicing right asset, as of September 30, 2016, was $196,000. Mortgage banking
income is made up of origination and servicing fees collected from the buyer, origination points collected from the borrower and
an adjustment to the fair value of the mortgage servicing rights asset. In the third quarter of 2016, mortgage banking income
was $41,000, an increase of $11,000, or 36.7%, from the third quarter of 2015, due to more activity. 

Gains from the redemption of investment
securities of $6,000 were realized in the third quarter of 2016, as compared to $18,000 in the third quarter of 2015. 

Less significant changes in non-interest
income categories included slight changes in earnings on bank-owned life insurance, income from unconsolidated subsidiary and
other miscellaneous income. 

As a percentage of average assets, annualized
non-interest income, exclusive of net gains on the sale of securities, was 1.10% in the third quarter of 2016 as compared to 0.97%
in the third quarter of 2015. Excluding the life insurance gains, the ratios would have been 0.84% and 0.89% in the third quarters
of 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Non-interest Expense: 

 Total non-interest expense for the third
quarter of 2016 was $4,330,000, or 17.0% higher as compared to the third quarter of 2015. Expenses of $153,000 related to the
aforementioned FNBPA acquisition were recorded in the third quarter of 2015 but none in the current year period. Excluding the
merger and acquisition expenses, non-interest expense for the third quarter of 2016 increased 22.0% over the comparable third
quarter of 2015, with most increases primarily due to costs associated with managing and operating a larger franchise. Employee
compensation expense increased by $328,000, and employee benefits costs increased by $128,000, representing increases of 21.6%
and 29.4%, respectively. Occupancy and equipment expense grew by 23.7% to $438,000. Data processing expense and professional fees
increased 26.7% and 21.5%, respectively, in the third quarter of 2016 versus the third quarter of 2015. Premium expense for FDIC
insurance increased by 29.7%, as a result of the increased asset size following the FNBPA transaction. In the third quarter of
2016, losses from sales and valuations of other real estate owned totaled $50,000, compared to net gains of $8,000 in the third
quarter of 2015. 

As a percentage of average assets, annualized
non-interest expense was 3.04% in the third quarter of 2016 compared to 3.07% in the third quarter of 2015. Excluding merger and
acquisition expenses, annualized non-interest expense as a percentage of average assets was 2.94% in the third quarter of 2015. 

Provision for income taxes: 

 Income tax expense in the third quarter
of 2016 was $150,000 as compared to the $146,000 recorded in the third quarter of 2015. The Company qualifies for a federal tax
credit for a low-income housing project investment, and the tax provisions for each period reflect the application of the tax
credit. For the third quarter of 2016, the tax credit lowered the effective tax rate from 18.3% to 9.4%. In the third quarter
of 2015, the tax credit lowered the effective tax rate from 25.1% to 12.6%. 

Comparison of the Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015  

Operations Overview: 

 Net income for the first nine months of
2016 was $3,854,000, an increase of $921,000, or 31.4%, compared to the first nine months of 2015. As stated earlier, the increase
was due primarily to growth of earning assets and revenues as a result of the acquisition of FNBPA, consummated on November 30,
2015 and also includes the effect of several infrequently occurring items in both periods. Basic and diluted earnings per share
were $0.80 in the first nine months of 2016, representing an increase of 14.3% from the $0.70 earned in the first nine months
of 2015. Annualized return on average equity for the first nine months in 2016 was 8.38%, compared to 7.79% for the same period
in the prior year, an increase of 7.6%. For the nine months ended September 30, annualized return on average assets was 0.89%
in 2016, versus 0.82% in 2015. Improvements in these three performance ratios were achieved despite the significantly higher merger
and aquisition expenses incurred in the 2016 nine-month period, as those increased costs were offset by higher gains in loan sales,
securities transactions and life insurance. 

Presented below are selected key ratios
for the two periods: 

The discussion that follows explains changes
in the components of net income when comparing the first nine months of 2016 with the first nine months of 2015. 

Net Interest Income: 

 Net interest income was $13,648,000 for
the first nine months of 2016, as compared to $11,188,000 in the same period in 2015, an increase of $2,460,000, or 22.0%. Average
earning assets increased by $89.1 million, or 20.4%, and the net interest margin on a fully tax equivalent basis increased by
4 basis points. 

On average, loans outstanding increased
by $81.0 million, or 27.3%, due in nearly equal parts to the acquisition of FNBPA and organic growth. Interest on loans increased
$2,430,000, or 22.7%, in the first nine months of 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015. The higher volume of loans increased
interest income by $2,797,000 with an average weighted yield decrease of 18 basis points partially offsetting the impact of the
higher volume of loans by $367,000.  

Interest earned on investment securities
increased $143,000 in the first nine months of 2016 as compared to 2015, with average balances increasing $6.7 million during
the period. The overall pre-tax yield on the investment securities portfolio increased during the period by 4 basis points. 

Average interest-bearing liabilities increased
by $58.9 million, and average non-interest bearing deposits increased by $25.1 million. The cost of interest bearing liabilities
decreased by 4 basis points as a result of the sustained low general rate environment. 

Total average earning assets during the
first nine months of 2016 were $526.0 million, compared to $436.9 million during the first nine months of 2015, yielding 3.88%
in both comparative periods. Funding costs for earning assets were 0.42% and 0.47% for the first nine months of 2016 and 2015,
respectively. Net interest margin on a fully tax-equivalent basis for the first nine months of 2016 was 3.59%. For the same period
in 2015, the fully-tax equivalent net interest margin was 3.55%. 

AVERAGE BALANCE SHEETS AND NET INTEREST
INCOME ANALYSIS  

 (Dollars in thousands) 

Notes: 

 1) Average balances were calculated using
a daily average. 

 2) Includes interest-bearing demand and
money market accounts. 

 3) Net margin on interest earning assets
is net interest income divided by average interest earning assets. 

 4) Interest on obligations of states and
municipalities is not subject to federal income tax. In order to make the net yield comparable on a fully taxable basis, a tax
equivalent adjustment is applied against the tax-exempt income utilizing a federal tax rate of 34%. 

 5) Non-accruing loans are included in
the above table until they are charged off. 

 6) The change in interest due to rate
and volume has been allocated to volume and rate changes in proportion to the relationship of the absolute dollar amounts of the
change in each. 

 (7) Includes gross unrealized gains (losses)
on securities available for sale. 

Provision for Loan Losses: 

 In the first nine months of 2016, the
provision for loan losses was $366,000, as compared to a provision of $302,000 in the first nine months of 2015. Management regularly
reviews the adequacy of the loan loss reserve and makes assessments as to specific loan impairment, historical charge-off expectations,
general economic conditions in the Bank s market area, specific loan quality and other factors. See the earlier discussion
in the Financial Condition section, explaining the information used to determine the provision. 

Non-interest Income: 

Non-interest income in the first nine
months of 2016 was $4,095,000, an increase of $772,000, or 23.2%, compared to $3,323,000 in the first nine months of 2015. Most
significantly impacting non-interest income in the first nine months of 2016 were gains from bank-owned life insurance of $364,000,
gains on investment security transactions of $134,000 and a gain on the sale of loans of $113,000, all infrequently occurring
items. In the first nine months of 2015 there were no gains on loan sales and a gain of $2,000 as a result of investment security
transactions. Also, in the 2015 period, there were gains from bank-owned life insurance of $98,000. Increases in customer service
fees and debit card income of 11.3% and 19.6% respectively, were primarily due to the addition of deposit accounts from the FNBPA
acquisition. 

Fees for trust services increased by $45,000,
or 16.7% in the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015, primarily as a result of fees
earned on estate settlements. Commissions from the sales of non-deposit products decreased in the first nine months of 2016 by
$88,000, or 32.7%, as sales activity decreased. Fees derived from loan activity increased by $40,000, or 29.6%, due primarily
to an increase in title insurance fees. Mortgage banking activity decreased in the first nine months of 2016 as compared to the
same period in 2015 and resulted in a decrease in fee income of $38,000, or 26.4%. 

As a percentage of average assets, annualized
non-interest income, exclusive of net gains on the sale of securities, was 0.92% in the first nine months of 2016 and 0.93% in
the first nine months of 2015. 

Non-interest Expense: 

Total non-interest expense was $12,956,000
for the first nine months of 2016, $2,029,000, or 18.6%, higher than in the first nine months of 2015. Expenses of $372,000, related
to the aforementioned FNBPA acquisition, were recorded in the first nine months of 2016 as compared to $211,000 in the prior year
period. Excluding the merger and acquisition expenses, non-interest expense for the first nine months of 2016 was $12,584,000,
an increase of 17.4% over the comparable period in 2015, with most increases primarily due to costs associated with managing and
operating a larger franchise. Employee compensation expense increased by $782,000, and employee benefits costs increased by $240,000,
representing increases of 17.4% and 16.4%, respectively. Occupancy and equipment expense grew by 16.4%, to $1,399,000. Data processing
expense and professional fees increased 16.5% and 26.2%, respectively, in the first nine months of 2016 versus the first nine
months of 2015. Premium expense for FDIC insurance increased by 25.0%, as a result of the increased asset size following the FNBPA
transaction. Amortization of intangible assets increased by $53,000 in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the prior year
period due to the addition of core deposit and other intangibles associated with the FNBPA acquisition. In the first nine months
of 2016, losses from sales and valuations of other real estate owned totaled $56,000, compared to net gains of $13,000 in the
first nine months of 2015. 

Costs associated with merger and acquisition
activities added $372,000 of non-interest expense to the first nine months of 2016, compared to $211,000 of such expenses recorded
in the same period one year ago. 

As a percentage of average assets, annualized
non-interest expense was 3.01% in the first nine months of 2016 compared to 3.05% in the first nine months of 2015. Merger and
acquisition expenses affected these ratios in both comparative periods, by 0.09% in the 2016 period and by 0.06% in the 2015 period. 

Provision for income taxes: 

 Income tax expense in the first nine months
of 2016 was $567,000 as compared to the $349,000 recorded in the first nine months of 2015. The Company qualifies for a federal
tax credit for its low-income housing project investment, and the tax provisions for each period reflect the application of the
tax credit. The tax credit recorded in the first nine months of 2016 and 2015 was $429,000 and $431,000, respectively, offsetting
$996,000 in regular tax expense in the 2016 period and $780,000 of regular tax expense in the 2015 period. For the first nine
months of 2016, the tax credit lowered the effective tax rate from 22.5% to 12.8% as compared to the same period in 2015, in which
the tax credit lowered the effective tax rate from 23.8% to 10.6%. 

Liquidity: 

The objective of liquidity management
is to ensure that sufficient funding is available, at a reasonable cost, to meet the ongoing operational cash needs of the Company
and to take advantage of income producing opportunities as they arise. While the desired level of liquidity will vary depending
upon a variety of factors, it is the primary goal of the Company to maintain a high level of liquidity in all economic environments.
Principal sources of asset liquidity are provided by loans and securities maturing in one year or less, and other short-term investments,
such as federal funds sold and cash and due from banks. Liability liquidity, which is more difficult to measure, can be met by
attracting deposits and maintaining the core deposit base. The Company is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh
for the purpose of providing short-term liquidity when other sources are unable to fill these needs. During the first nine months
of 2016, overnight borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank averaged $11,288,000. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had
short term borrowings and long-term debt with the Federal Home Loan Bank of $13,000,000 and $25,000,000, respectively, and had
remaining unused borrowing capacity with the Federal Home Loan Bank of $124.3 million. 

Funding derived from securities sold under
agreements to repurchase (accounted for as collateralized financing transactions) is available through corporate cash management
accounts for business customers. This product gives the Company the ability to pay interest on corporate checking accounts. 

In view of the sources previously mentioned,
management believes that the Company's liquidity is capable of providing the funds needed to meet operational cash needs. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements: 

The Company s consolidated financial
statements do not reflect various off-balance sheet arrangements that are made in the normal course of business, which may involve
some liquidity risk, credit risk, and interest rate risk. These commitments consist mainly of loans approved but not yet funded,
unused lines of credit and outstanding letters of credit. Letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Company
to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Generally, financial and performance letters of credit have expiration
dates within one year of issuance, while commercial letters of credit have longer term commitments. The credit risk involved in
issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as the risks that are involved in extending loan facilities to customers. The
Company generally holds collateral and/or personal guarantees supporting these commitments. The Company had $2,574,000 and $2,586,000
of financial and performance letters of credit commitments outstanding as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.
Commercial letters of credit as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were $12,400,000. Management believes that the proceeds
obtained through a liquidation of collateral and the enforcement of guarantees would be sufficient to cover the potential amount
of future payments required under the corresponding guarantees. The amount of the liability as of September 30, 2016 for payments
under letters of credit issued was not material. Because these instruments have fixed maturity dates, and because many of them
will expire without being drawn upon, they do not generally present any significant liquidity risk. 

Additionally, the Company has committed
to fund and sell qualifying residential mortgage loans to the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh in the total amount of $10,000,000.
As of September 30, 2016, $7,124,000 remained to be delivered on that commitment, of which $428,000 has been committed to borrowers. 

The Company has no investment in or financial
relationship with any unconsolidated entities that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on liquidity or the availability
of capital resources. 

Interest Rate Sensitivity: 

Interest rate sensitivity management is
overseen by the Asset/Liability Management Committee. This process involves the development and implementation of strategies to
maximize net interest margin, while minimizing the earnings risk associated with changing interest rates. Traditional gap analysis
identifies the maturity and re-pricing terms of all assets and liabilities. A simulation analysis is used to assess earnings and
capital at risk from movements in interest rates. See Item 3 for a description of the complete simulation process and results. 

Capital Adequacy: 

Bank regulatory authorities
in the United States issue risk-based capital standards. These capital standards relate a banking company s capital to the
risk profile of its assets and provide the basis by which all banking companies and banks are evaluated in terms of capital adequacy.
Effective January 1, 2015, the risk-based capital rules were modified subject to a transition period for several aspects of the
final rules, including the new minimum capital ratio requirements, the capital conservation buffer and the regulatory capital
adjustments and deductions. The new framework is commonly called  BASEL III . The final rules revised federal regulatory
agencies  risk-based and leverage capital requirements and their method for calculating risk-weighted assets to make them
consistent with the Basel III framework. The final rules apply to all depository institutions, top-tier bank holding companies
with total consolidated assets of $500 million or more, and top-tier savings and loan holding companies ( banking organizations ).
Among other things, the rules established a new common equity tier 1 (CET1) minimum capital requirement (4.5% of risk-weighted
assets) and a higher minimum tier 1 capital requirement (from 4.0% to 6.0% of risk-weighted assets), and assign higher risk weightings
(150%) to exposures that are more than 90 days past due or are on nonaccrual status and certain commercial real estate facilities
that finance the acquisition, development or construction of real property. 

Basel III requires
financial institutions to maintain: (a)  a minimum ratio of CET1 to risk-weighted assets of at least 4.5%, plus a 2.5%  capital
conservation buffer  (which is added to the 4.5% CET1 ratio as that buffer is phased in, effectively resulting in a minimum
ratio of CET1 to risk-weighted assets of at least 7.0%); (b) a minimum ratio of tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of
at least 6.0%, plus the capital conservation buffer (which is added to the 6.0% tier 1 capital ratio as that buffer is phased
in, effectively resulting in a minimum tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5% upon full implementation); (c) a minimum ratio of
total (that is, tier 1 plus tier 2) capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 8.0%, plus the capital conservation buffer (which
is added to the 8.0% total capital ratio as that buffer is phased in, effectively resulting in a minimum total capital ratio of
10.5% upon full implementation); and (d)  a minimum leverage ratio of 3.0%, calculated as the ratio of tier 1 capital balance
sheet exposures plus certain off-balance sheet exposures (computed as the average for each quarter of the month-end ratios for
the quarter). In addition, the proposed rules also limit a banking organization s capital distributions and certain discretionary
bonus payments if the banking organization does not hold a  capital conservation buffer . 

According to the
rules, CET1 is comprised of common stock plus related surplus, net of treasury stock and other contra-equity components, retained
earnings and accumulated other comprehensive income. However, certain banking institutions, including the Bank, were permitted
to make a one-time election to opt out of the requirement to include most components of AOCI in CET1. This opt-out option was
available only until March 31, 2015. The Bank elected to opt-out. 

At September 30,
2016, the Bank exceeded the regulatory requirements to be considered a  well capitalized  financial institution under
the new rules. The Bank s CET1 and Tier 1 Capital ratio was 13.24%, its Total Capital ratio was 14.00% and itsTier 1 leverage
was 8.80%. 

Item 3. Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

Market risk is the exposure to economic
loss that arises from changes in the values of certain financial instruments. The types of market risk exposures generally faced
by financial institutions include equity market price risk, interest rate risk, foreign currency risk and commodity price risk.
Due to the nature of its operations, only equity market price risk and interest rate risk are significant to the Company. 

Equity market price risk is the risk that
changes in the values of equity investments could have a material impact on the financial position or results of operations of
the Company. The Company s equity investments consist of common stocks of publicly traded financial institutions. 

Declines and volatility in the values
of financial institution stocks in the last several years have significantly reduced the likelihood of realizing significant gains
in the near-term. Although the Company has realized occasional gains from this portfolio in the past, the primary objective of
the portfolio is to achieve value appreciation in the long term while earning consistently attractive after-tax yields from dividends.
The carrying value of the financial institutions stocks accounted for 0.4% of the Company s total assets as of September
30, 2016. Management performs an impairment analysis on the entire investment portfolio, including the financial institutions
stocks, on a quarterly basis. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, no  other-than-temporary  impairment
was identified. There is no assurance that declines in market values of the common stock portfolio in the future will not result
in  other-than-temporary  impairment charges, depending upon facts and circumstances present. 

The equity investments in the Company s
portfolio had an adjusted cost basis of approximately $1,719,000 and a fair value of $2,172,000 at September 30, 2016. Net unrealized
gains in this portfolio were approximately $453,000 at September 30, 2016. 

In addition to its equity portfolio, the
Company s investment management and trust services revenue could be impacted by fluctuations in the securities markets.
A portion of the Company s trust revenue is based on the value of the underlying investment portfolios. If securities values
decline, the Company s trust revenue could be negatively impacted. 

Interest rate risk creates exposure in
two primary areas. First, changes in rates have an impact on the Company s liquidity position and could affect its ability
to meet obligations and continue to grow. Second, movements in interest rates can create fluctuations in the Company s net
interest income and changes in the economic value of equity. 

The primary objective of the Company s
asset-liability management process is to maximize current and future net interest income within acceptable levels of interest
rate risk while satisfying liquidity and capital requirements. Management recognizes that a certain amount of interest rate risk
is inherent, appropriate and necessary to ensure profitability. A simulation analysis is used to assess earnings and capital at
risk from movements in interest rates. The model considers three major factors: (1) volume differences; (2) repricing differences;
and (3) timing in its income simulation. As of the most recent model run, data was disseminated into appropriate repricing buckets,
based upon the static position at that time. The interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities were assigned a multiplier
to simulate how much that particular balance sheet item would re-price when interest rates change. Finally, the estimated timing
effect of rate changes is applied, and the net interest income effect is determined on a static basis (as if no other factors
were present). As the table below indicates, based upon rate shock simulations on a static basis, the Company s balance
sheet is relatively rate-neutral as rates decline. Over a one-year period, the net effect of an immediate 100, 200, 300 and 400
basis point rate increase would change net interest income by $414,000, $507,000, $184,000 and $(650,000), respectively. As the
table below indicates, the net effect of interest rate risk on net interest income is minimal in a rising rate environment through
a 300 basis point increase. The Company s rate risk policies provide for maximum limits on net interest income that can
be at risk for 100 through 400 basis point changes in interest rates. 

Effect of Interest Rate Risk on Net Interest
Income 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

The net interest income at risk position
remained within the guidelines established by the Company s asset/liability policy. 

No material change has been noted in the
Bank s equity value at risk. Please refer to the Annual Report on Form 10-K as of December 31, 2015 for further discussion
of this topic. 

Item 4. Controls
and Procedures   

Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company
carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls
and procedures as defined by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( Exchange Act ), Rule 13a-15(e). Disclosure controls
and procedures are controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in Company reports
filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. These controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls
and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files under the
Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive and principal
financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Based upon that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report. 

It should be noted that any system of
controls, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of
the system are met. In addition, the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control systems, there can be no assurance that any design
will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential conditions, regardless of how remote. 

Attached as Exhibits 31 and 32 to this
quarterly report are certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a)
and rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act. This portion of the Company s quarterly report includes the information concerning
the controls evaluation referred to in the certifications and should be read in conjunction with the certifications for a more
complete understanding of the topics presented. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting  

There were no significant changes in the
Company s internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016, that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal controls over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item
    1.  
      LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   

In the opinion of management of the
    Company, there are no legal proceedings pending to which the Company or its subsidiary is a party or to which its property
    is subject, which, if determined adversely to the Company or its subsidiary, would be material in relation to the Company s
    or its subsidiary s financial condition. There are no proceedings pending other than ordinary routine litigation incident
    to the business of the Company or its subsidiary. In addition, no material proceedings are pending or are known to be threatened
    or contemplated against the Company or its subsidiary by government authorities.   

Item 1A.  
      RISK FACTORS   

There have been no material changes
    to the risk factors that were disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
    2015.   

No repurchase plan or program
expired during the quarter. The Company has no stock repurchase plan or program that it has determined to terminate prior to expiration
or under which it does not intend to make further purchases. 

Certain regulatory restrictions
exist regarding the ability of the Bank to transfer funds to the Company in the form of cash dividends, loans or advances. At
September 30, 2016, $33,979,000 of undistributed earnings of the Bank, included in the consolidated stockholders  equity,
was available for distribution to the Company as dividends without prior regulatory approval, subject to regulatory capital requirements. 

Item
    3.   
      DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES   

Not applicable   

Item 4.  
      MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   

Not applicable   

Item 5.  
      OTHER INFORMATION   

None   

Item 6.  
      EXHIBITS   

101.LAB  
      - XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase   

101.PRE  
      - XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation
    Linkbase   

101.INS  
      - XBRL Instance Document   

101.SCH  
      - XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema   

101.CAL  
      - XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation
    Linkbase   

101.DEF  
      - XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition
    Linkbase   

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

Juniata Valley Financial
    Corp.   

(Registrant)   

Date  
      11-09-2016  
       
      By  
      /s/
    Marcie A. Barber     

Marcie A. Barber, President and Chief
    Executive Officer  (Principal Executive Officer)   

Date  
      11-09-2016  
       
      By  
      /s/
    JoAnn N. McMinn   

JoAnn N. McMinn,  Chief Financial
    Officer (Principal Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer)  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451024_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 Rule 13a   14(a)/15d
  14(a) Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer  

I, Marcie A. Barber, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Juniata Valley Financial Corp.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statements of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 (f) and 15d   15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451024_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 Rule 13a   14(a)/15d
  14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer  

I, JoAnn N. McMinn, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Juniata Valley Financial Corp.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statements of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 (f) and 15d   15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v451024_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION of PRESIDENT
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

The undersigned herby certifies, pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and in connection with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, that: 

the report fully complies with the requirements
of Sections 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and    

the information contained in the report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the Company s consolidated financial condition and results of operations.    

The foregoing certification is being furnished
solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the report or as a separate disclosure document. 

/s/ Marcie A. Barber  

Marcie A. Barber, President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v451024_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2  

SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION of CHIEF FINANCIAL
OFFICER  

The undersigned herby certifies, pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and in connection with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, that: 

the report fully complies with the requirements
of Sections 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and    

the information contained in the report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the Company s consolidated financial condition and results of operations.    

The foregoing certification is being furnished
solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the report or as a separate disclosure document. 

/s/ JoAnn N. McMinn  

JoAnn N. McMinn, Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 juvf-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 juvf-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 juvf-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 juvf-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 juvf-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 juvf-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

