<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_1067837_0001193125-16-762805_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7839708</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>104730</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>440211</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1727338</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4342289</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>998043</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>40</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-762805.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108142117
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-762805
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ENTERCOM COMMUNICATIONS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001067837
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO BROADCASTING STATIONS [4832]
		IRS NUMBER:				231701044
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14461
		FILM NUMBER:		161980844

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 E. CITY AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 809
		CITY:			BALA CYNWYD
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19004
		BUSINESS PHONE:		610-660-5610

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 E. CITY AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 809
		CITY:			BALA CYNWYD
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19004

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-762805.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 d241409d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q
            
  (Mark One)   
 
  For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  or       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                         
  Commission File Number:  001-14461         
    
       Entercom Communications Corp.        
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)        

Pennsylvania  
   
  23-1701044   
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. employer  
  identification no.)    
    401 E. City Avenue, Suite 809   
  Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania 19004   
  (Address of principal executive offices and zip code)   
  (610) 660-5610   
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)       
  (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes       No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.      

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes       No       Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the
issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.    Class A common stock, $0.01 par value - 33,412,985 Shares
Outstanding as of October 24, 2016    (Class A Shares Outstanding include 2,103,451 unvested and vested but deferred restricted stock
units)    Class B common stock, $0.01 par value - 7,197,532 Shares Outstanding as of October 24, 2016.  

Table of Contents  

   ENTERCOM COMMUNICATIONS CORP.   
    INDEX       

Part I Financial Information  

Item 1. 
   
  Financial Statements  

1 

Item 2. 
   
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

26 

Item 3. 
   
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  

35 

Item 4. 
   
  Controls and Procedures  

36 

Part II Other Information  

Item 1. 
   
  Legal Proceedings  

37 

Item 1A. 
   
  Risk Factors  

37 

Item 2. 
   
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

37 

Item 3. 
   
  Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

37 

Item 4. 
   
  Mine Safety Disclosures  

37 

Item 5. 
   
  Other Information  

37 

Item 6. 
   
  Exhibits  

38 

Signatures   

39 

Exhibit Index   

40 
     
    Private Securities Litigation Reform Act Safe Harbor Statement   
 In addition to historical information, this report contains statements by us with regard to our expectations as to financial results and other
aspects of our business that involve risks and uncertainties and may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  
 Forward-looking statements are presented for illustrative purposes only and reflect our current expectations concerning future results and
events. All statements other than statements of historical fact are  forward-looking statements  for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including, without limitation, any projections of earnings, revenues or other financial
items; any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations; any statements concerning proposed new services or developments; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; any statements of
belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing.    You can identify forward-looking statements by our use of
words such as  anticipates,   believes,   continues,   expects,   intends,   likely,   may,   opportunity,   plans,   potential, 
 project,   will,   could,   would,   should,   seeks,   estimates,   predicts  and similar expressions which identify forward-looking statements, whether in the
negative or the affirmative. We cannot guarantee that we actually will achieve these plans, intentions or expectations. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control,
which could cause actual results to differ materially from those forecasted or anticipated in such forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect our view only as of the date of
this report. We undertake no obligation to update these statements or publicly release the result of any revision(s) to these statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated
events.    Key risks to our company are described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
February 26, 2016 and as may be supplemented by the risks described under Part II, Item 1A, of our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and in our Current Reports on Form 8-K.  
      i  

Table of Contents  

   PART I   
  FINANCIAL INFORMATION       
 ITEM 1. Financial Statements      ENTERCOM COMMUNICATIONS CORP.   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
  (amounts in thousands)   
  (unaudited)       
    See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.   
      1  

Table of Contents  

   ENTERCOM COMMUNICATIONS CORP.   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   
  (amounts in thousands, except share and per share data)   
  (unaudited)       
    See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.   
      2  

Table of Contents  

   ENTERCOM COMMUNICATIONS CORP.   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY   
  NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015   
  (amounts in thousands, except share data)   
  (unaudited)       
    See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.   
      3  

Table of Contents  

   ENTERCOM COMMUNICATIONS CORP.   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
  (amounts in thousands)   
  (unaudited)       
 
      4  

Table of Contents  

   ENTERCOM COMMUNICATIONS CORP.   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
  (amounts in thousands)   
  (unaudited)       
    See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.   
      5  

Table of Contents  

   ENTERCOM COMMUNICATIONS CORP.   
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015   
  1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SIGNIFICANT POLICIES   
 The condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial statements included herein have been prepared by Entercom Communications Corp. and its
subsidiaries (collectively, the  Company ) in accordance with: (i) generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ) for interim financial information; and (ii) the instructions of the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the  SEC ) for Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for annual financial statements. In the opinion of management, the financial
statements reflect all adjustments considered necessary for a fair statement of the results of operations and financial position for the interim periods presented. All such adjustments are of a normal and recurring nature. The Company s results
are subject to seasonal fluctuations and, therefore, the results shown on an interim basis are not necessarily indicative of results for a full year.  
 This Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes included in the Company s audited financial
statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015 and filed with the SEC on February 26, 2016, as part of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial
statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations.    There have been
no material changes from Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies, as described in the notes to the Company s financial statements contained in its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 that was filed with the SEC on
February 26, 2016.     Recent Accounting Pronouncements   
 All new accounting pronouncements that are in effect that may impact the Company s financial statements have been implemented. The Company
does not believe that there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued, other than as noted below or those included in the notes to the Company s financial statements contained in its Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015 that was filed with the SEC on February 26, 2016, that might have a material impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  
  Cash Flow Classification     In August 2016,
the accounting guidance for classifying elements of cash flow was modified. The guidance is effective for the Company as of January 1, 2018 under a retrospective application method. Management does not believe the impact of this guidance will
be material to the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows.     Stock-Based Compensation Modification   
 In March 2016, the accounting guidance for stock-based compensation was modified to reflect in the income statement the income tax effects of
awards when stock-based awards vest. The guidance on employers  accounting for an employee s use of shares to satisfy the employer s statutory income tax withholding obligation and for forfeitures is also changing. This guidance is
effective for the Company as of January 1, 2017. The Company believes that: (1) the Company may recognize future income tax benefits that were previously not allowed to be recognized; and (2) the Company may increase the shares
withheld upon the vesting of RSUs in order to satisfy employees  tax obligations. Management does not believe the impact of this guidance will be material to the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  
  Leasing Transactions     In February 2016,
the accounting guidance was modified to require that all leases with a term of more than one year, covering leased assets such as real estate, broadcasting towers and equipment, be reflected on the balance sheet as assets and liabilities for the
rights and obligations created by these leases. While the Company is currently reviewing the effects of this guidance, the Company believes that this would result in: (1) an increase in the assets
 
      6  

Table of Contents  

and liabilities reflected on the Company s consolidated balance sheets; and (2) an increase in the Company s interest expense and depreciation and amortization expense and a
decrease to the Company s station operating expense reflected on its consolidated statements of operations. This guidance is effective for the Company as of January 1, 2019.  
  Revenue Recognition     In May 2014, the
accounting guidance for revenue recognition was modified. Under the guidance, an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be
entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and
changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. The guidance will be applied using one of two retrospective methods. The guidance is effective for the Company as of January 1, 2018. The Company
has not determined the potential effects of this guidance on its financial statements.    The following accounting pronouncements were
effective for the Company as of January 1, 2016.     Business Combinations   
 In September 2015, the accounting guidance for business combinations was modified to reflect measurement period adjustments to be recorded
prospectively rather than retroactively to the assets and liabilities initially recorded under purchase price accounting. This guidance was effective for the Company as of January 1, 2016. This guidance did not have an impact on the
Company s financial position and results of operations, but could have an impact in a future period when an adjustment is recorded for a previously reported business combination. There should be no material impact to the Company s cash
flows.     Cloud Computing Costs     In
April 2015, the accounting guidance was revised to identify when a cloud computing service includes a software license that is to be capitalized and treated consistently with the acquisition of other software licenses. This guidance was effective
for the Company as of January 1, 2016. The adoption of this accounting guidance did not have any material effect on the Company s results of operations, cash flows or financial position.  
  Debt Issuance Costs     In April 2015, the
accounting guidance was amended to modify the presentation of debt issuance costs on the balance sheet by requiring that all costs, including incremental third-party costs, be reflected as an offset to the associated debt liability rather than as a
deferred charge. This guidance was effective for the Company as of January 1, 2016. The impact of this guidance was to reclassify debt issuance costs (other than those for line-of-credit arrangements) from other assets to the respective
long-term debt liability for balance sheet presentation purposes only and had no impact on the Company s results of operations, cash flows or financial position. In addition, certain reclassifications were recorded to the prior year s
balance sheet to conform to the presentation in the current year, which did not have a material impact on the Company s previously reported financial statements.  
  Consolidation     In February 2015, the
accounting guidance for consolidation was amended which revises the analysis of and reduces the need to consolidate certain entities. This guidance was effective for the Company as of January 1, 2016. This accounting guidance did not have any
material effect on the Company s results of operations, cash flows or financial position.     Extraordinary Items   
 In January 2015, the accounting guidance was updated to eliminate the concept of an extraordinary item and the requirement to consider whether
an underlying event or transaction is extraordinary. If an item was considered extraordinary, it was presented in the income statement net of tax, after income from continuing operations. Eliminating the concept of extraordinary removes the
uncertainty for the preparer as to whether the item had been  
      7  

Table of Contents  

treated properly. This guidance was effective for the Company as of January 1, 2016. The Company will apply this guidance prospectively to all applicable transactions. When applied, this
guidance should have no impact to the Company s cash flows or financial position as this only impacts the Company s presentation of the Company s results of operations.  
  Derivatives And Hedging     In November
2014, the accounting guidance was updated for determining whether the host contract in a hybrid financial instrument issued in the form of a share is more akin to debt or to equity. This update does not change the current criteria for determining
when separation of certain embedded derivative features in a hybrid financial instrument is required, but clarifies how current accounting guidance should be interpreted in the evaluation of the economic characteristics and risks of a host contract
in a hybrid financial instrument that is issued in the form of a share, reducing existing diversity in practice. This guidance was effective for the Company as of January 1, 2016. The adoption of this accounting guidance did not have any
material effect on the Company s results of operations, cash flows or financial position.     Stock-Based Performance Awards   
 In June 2014, the accounting guidance was updated for stock-based awards when the terms of an award provide that a performance target that
affects vesting could be achieved after the requisite service period. The current accounting standard for stock-based compensation as it applies to awards with performance conditions should be applied. This guidance was effective for the Company as
of January 1, 2016. The adoption of this accounting guidance did not have any material effect on the Company s results of operations, cash flows or financial position.  
  Reclassifications     Certain
reclassifications have been made to the prior year s financial statements to conform to the presentation in the current year (see the above accounting pronouncement on debt issuance costs).  
  2. INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL   
 Goodwill and certain intangible assets are not amortized for book purposes. They may be, however, amortized for tax purposes. The Company
accounts for its acquired broadcasting licenses as indefinite-lived intangible assets and, similar to goodwill, these assets are reviewed at least annually for impairment. At the time of each review, if the fair value is less than the carrying value
of goodwill and certain intangibles (such as broadcasting licenses), then a charge is recorded to the results of operations.    There was no
material change in the carrying value of broadcasting licenses or goodwill since the year ended December 31, 2015.     Broadcasting Licenses
Impairment Test     The Company performs its annual broadcasting license impairment test during the second quarter of each year by
evaluating its broadcasting licenses for impairment at the market level using the direct method.    During the second quarter of the current
year and each of the past several years, the Company completed its annual impairment test for broadcasting licenses and determined that the fair value of its broadcasting licenses was greater than the amount reflected in the balance sheet for each
of the Company s markets and, accordingly, no impairment was recorded. The annual impairment test in 2016 included the four new markets added during the second half of 2015.  
 Each market s broadcasting licenses are combined into a single unit of accounting for purposes of testing impairment, as the broadcasting
licenses in each market are operated as a single asset. The Company determines the fair value of the broadcasting licenses in each of its markets by relying on a discounted cash flow approach (a 10-year income model) assuming a start-up scenario in
which the only assets held by an investor are broadcasting licenses. The Company s fair value analysis contains assumptions based upon past experience, reflects expectations of industry observers and includes judgments about future performance
using industry normalized information for an average station within a certain market. These assumptions include, but are not limited to: (1) the discount rate; (2) 
      8  

Table of Contents  

the market share and profit margin of an average station within a market, based upon market size and station type; (3) the forecast growth rate of each radio market; (4) the estimated
capital start-up costs and losses incurred during the early years; (5) the likely media competition within the market area; (6) the tax rate; and (7) future terminal values.  
 The methodology used by the Company in determining its key estimates and assumptions was applied consistently to each market. Of the seven
variables identified above, the Company believes that the assumptions in items (1) through (3) above are the most important and sensitive in the determination of fair value.  
 If actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by the industry or the Company, or if events occur or circumstances change
that would reduce the fair value of the Company s broadcasting licenses below the amount reflected in the balance sheet, the Company may be required to conduct an interim test and possibly recognize impairment charges, which may be material, in
future periods.    There were no events or circumstances since the Company s second quarter annual license impairment test that
indicated an interim review of broadcasting licenses was required.     Goodwill Impairment Test   
 The Company performs its annual goodwill impairment test during the second quarter of each year by evaluating its goodwill for each reporting
unit.    During the second quarter of the current year and each of the past several years, the Company completed its annual goodwill
impairment test and the results indicated that there was no impairment as the fair value was greater than the carrying value. The annual goodwill impairment test in 2016 included the four new markets added during the second half of 2015.  
 If actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by the industry or the Company, or if events occur or circumstances change
that would reduce the fair value of the Company s goodwill below the amount reflected in the balance sheet, the Company may be required to conduct an interim test and possibly recognize impairment charges, which could be material, in future
periods.    There were no events or circumstances since the Company s second quarter annual goodwill test that indicated an interim
review of goodwill was required.     3. OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES   
 Other current liabilities consist of the following as of the periods indicated:  
   
    4. LONG-TERM DEBT   
  Refinancing     On November 1, 2016, the
Company and its wholly owned subsidiary, Entercom Radio LLC, entered into a $540 million credit agreement (the  New Credit Facility ) with a syndicate of lenders and used the proceeds to: (1) refinance its senior secured credit
facility (the  Credit Facility ) that was comprised of: (a) a $223.0 million  
      9  

Table of Contents  

outstanding term loan component ( Term B Loan  and (b) $3.0 million outstanding under its revolving credit facility (the  Revolver  (2) fund the redemption
effective December 1, 2016 of $220.0 million 10.5% Senior Notes due December 1, 2019 (the  Senior Notes ) and discharge the indenture (the  Indenture ) governing the Senior Notes; (3) fund $11.6 million of accrued
interest and a call premium of $5.8 million on the Senior Notes; and (4) pay transaction costs associated with the refinancing. In the fourth quarter of 2016, the Company expects to record debt extinguishment costs related to the refinancing.
   The New Credit Facility is comprised of a revolving credit facility and a term B loan.  
 The $60 million revolving credit facility (the  New Revolver ) has a maturity date of November 1, 2021 and provides for
interest based upon the prime rate or the European London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ) plus a margin. The margin may increase or decrease based upon the Company s Consolidated Leverage Ratio as defined in the agreement. The
initial margin is at LIBOR plus 3.5% or the prime rate plus 2.5%. In addition, the New Revolver requires the payment of a commitment fee of 0.5% per annum for the unused amount.  
 The $480 million term B loan (the  New Term B Loan ) has a maturity date of November 1, 2023 and provides for interest based
upon the Base Rate or LIBOR, plus a margin. The initial rate is at LIBOR plus 3.5%, with a LIBOR floor of 1.0%, or the Base Rate plus 2.5%. The Base Rate is the highest of: (a) the administrative agent s prime rate; (b) the Federal
Funds Rate plus 0.5%; or (c) the LIBOR Rate plus 1.0%. The facility amortizes: (1) with equal quarterly installments of principal in annual amounts equal to 1.0% of the original principal amount of the New Term B Loan; and
(2) mandatory yearly prepayments based upon a percentage of Excess Cash Flow as defined in the loan agreement.    The Company expects
to use the New Revolver to: (1) provide for working capital; and (2) provide for general corporate purposes, including capital expenditures and any or all of the following (subject to certain restrictions): repurchases of Class A
common stock, repurchases of preferred stock, dividends, investments and acquisitions. The New Credit Facility is secured by a pledge of 100% of the capital stock and other equity interest in all of the Company s wholly owned subsidiaries. In
addition, the New Credit Facility is secured by a lien on substantially all of the Company s assets with limited exclusions (including the Company s real property). The Company s parent, Entercom Communications Corp., and all of the
Company s subsidiaries, jointly and severally guaranteed the New Credit Facility. The assets securing the New Credit Facility are subject to customary release provisions which would enable the Company to sell such assets free and clear of
encumbrance, subject to certain conditions and exceptions.    The New Credit Facility has usual and customary covenants including, but not
limited to, consolidated leverage ratios, consolidated interest coverage ratios, limitations on acquisitions, stock repurchases, additional borrowings, and dividends. Specifically, the New Credit Facility requires the Company to comply with certain
financial covenants which are defined terms within the agreement, including:      

a minimum Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio of 2.0 times (applicable only to the New Revolver).    
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants then applicable and all other terms of the Credit
Facility in all material respects. As of the refinancing, the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants then applicable and all other terms of the New Credit Facility in all material respects. The Company s ability to maintain
compliance with its covenants under the New Credit Facility is highly dependent on its results of operations. Management believes that over the next 12 months the Company can continue to maintain compliance.  
 Failure to comply with the Company s financial covenants or other terms of its New Credit Facility and any subsequent failure to
negotiate and obtain any required relief from its lenders could result in a default under the New Credit Facility. Any event of default could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business and financial condition. The acceleration of
the Company s debt could have a material adverse effect on its business. The Company may seek from time to time to amend its New Credit Facility or obtain other funding or additional funding, which may result in higher interest rates on its
debt.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

  Long-term debt was comprised of the following as of September 30, 2016:  
   
    (A) Senior Debt      The
Credit Facility     As of September 30, 2016, the amount outstanding under the Credit Facility s Term B Loan was $225.0 million
and there was no amount outstanding under the Revolver.    The amount available under the Revolver, which includes the impact of outstanding
letters of credit, was $39.3 million as of September 30, 2016.    On November 23, 2011, the Company entered into its prior credit
agreement with a syndicate of lenders for a $425 million Credit Facility that was initially comprised of: (a) a $50 million Revolver (reduced to $40 million in December 2015) that was due to mature on November 23, 2016; and (b) a $375
million Term B Loan that was due to mature on November 23, 2018.    The Term B Loan required mandatory prepayments equal to a
percentage of Excess Cash Flow, which was defined within the agreement and was subject to incremental step-downs depending on the consolidated Leverage Ratio. The payment was due in the first quarter of each year for the prior year and was included
under the current portion of long-term debt, net of any prepayments made through September 30, 2016. For purposes of presenting the September 30, 2016 financial statements, the estimate of the Excess Cash Flow reflects the amount due under
the Credit Facility in the first quarter of 2017. Under the New Credit Facility, however, the first such Excess Cash Flow payment, if any, will be due in the first quarter of 2018.  
  (B) Senior Unsecured Debt      The Senior Notes   
 In connection with the refinancing described above, on November 1, 2016, the Company issued a call notice and funded the redemption of its
$220.0 million Senior Notes due December 1, 2019 and discharged the Indenture governing the Senior Notes. The effective date of the Senior Notes redemption is December 1, 2016.  
 As background, on November 23, 2011, the Company issued $220.0 million of 10.5% unsecured Senior Notes which mature on December 1,
2019. The Company received net proceeds of $212.7 million, which included a discount of $2.9 million, and incurred deferred financing costs of $6.1 million. These amounts are amortized over the term under the effective interest rate method. Interest
on the Senior Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year.  
      11  

Table of Contents  

   (C) Net Interest Expense   
 The components of net interest expense are as follows:      
 
      12  

Table of Contents  

   5. NET INCOME (LOSS) PER COMMON SHARE   
 The following tables present the computations of basic and diluted net income (loss) per share:  
   
    Disclosure Of Anti-Dilutive Shares   
 The following table presents those shares excluded as they were anti-dilutive:  

13  

Table of Contents  

   6. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION   
 Under the Entercom Equity Compensation Plan (the  Plan ), the Company is authorized to issue share-based compensation awards to key
employees, directors and consultants.     Restricted Stock Units ( RSUs ) Activity   
 The following is a summary of the changes in RSUs under the Plan during the current period:  
   
    RSUs With Service And Market Conditions   
 The Company issued RSUs with service and market conditions that are included in the table above. These shares vest if: (1) the
Company s stock achieves certain shareholder performance targets over a defined measurement period; and (2) the employee fulfills a minimum service period. The compensation expense is recognized even if the market conditions are not
satisfied and are only reversed in the event the service period is not met, as all of the conditions need to be satisfied. These RSUs are amortized over the longest of the explicit, implicit or derived service periods, which range from one to three
years.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents the changes in outstanding RSUs with market conditions:  
   
   The fair value of RSUs with service conditions is estimated using the Company s closing stock price on
the date of the grant. To determine the fair value of RSUs with service and market conditions, the Company used the Monte Carlo simulation lattice model. The Company s determination of the fair value was based on the number of shares granted,
the Company s stock price on the date of grant and certain assumptions regarding a number of highly complex and subjective variables. If other reasonable assumptions were used, the results could differ.  
 The specific assumptions used for these valuations are as follows:      

(1)   
 Expected Volatility Term Structure - The Company estimated the volatility term structure using: (1) the historical volatility of its stock; and (2) the implied volatility provided by its traded options from a
trailing month s average of the closing bid-ask price quotes.    

(2)   
 Risk-Free Interest Rate - The Company estimated the risk-free interest rate based upon the implied yield available on U.S. Treasury issues using the Treasury bond rate as of the date of grant.    

(3)   
 Quarterly Dividend Payment As A Constant - The Company assumed a constant quarterly dividend of $0.075 per share. Prior to 2016, the Company had no recent history of dividend payments.    
  RSUs With Service And Performance Conditions   
 In addition to the RSUs included in the table above summarizing the activity in RSUs under the Plan, the Company issued RSUs with both service
and performance conditions. Vesting of performance-based awards, if any, is dependent upon the achievement of certain performance targets. If the performance standards are not achieved, all unvested shares will expire and any accrued expense will be
reversed. The Company determines the requisite service period on a case-by-case basis to determine the expense recognition period for non-vested performance based RSUs. The fair value is determined based upon the closing price of the Company s
common stock on the date of grant. The Company applies a quarterly probability assessment in computing its non-cash compensation expense and any change in the estimate is reflected as a cumulative adjustment to expense in the quarter of the change.
 
      15  

Table of Contents  

  The following table reflects the activity of RSUs with service and performance conditions:  

Nine Months Ended September 30,  

Year Ended December 31,  

2016  

2015  

(amounts in thousands, except per share data)  

Reconciliation Of RSUs With Service And Performance Conditions   

Beginning of period balance  

29 

8 

Number of RSUs granted  

21 

Number of RSUs that did not meet criteria  

(8 
 )  

Number of RSUs vested  

End of period balance  

21 

29 

Average fair value of RSUs granted with performance conditions  
    
 $ 

$ 
 11.11 

As of September 30, 2016, no non-cash compensation expense was recognized for RSUs with performance
conditions.     Option Activity     The
following table provides summary information related to the exercise of stock options:      

(1)   
 Amount excludes impact from suspended income tax benefits and/or valuation allowances.    
      16  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents the option activity during the current period under the Plan:  
   
   The following table summarizes significant ranges of outstanding and exercisable options as of the current
period:      
    Recognized Non-Cash Stock-Based Compensation Expense   
 The following non-cash stock-based compensation expense, which is related primarily to RSUs, is included in each of the respective line items
in our statement of operations:      
 
      17  

Table of Contents  

(1)   
 Amount excludes impact from suspended income tax benefits and/or valuation allowances.       7. INCOME TAXES
     Tax Rates For The Nine Months And Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   
 The effective income tax rates were 37.6% and 39.8% for the nine months and three months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. These
rates were impacted by discrete income tax benefits from recent legislation in certain single member states that allowed for: (1) the reversal of partial valuation allowances; and (2) a retroactive decrease in deferred tax liabilities
associated with non-amortizable assets such as broadcasting licenses and goodwill. The income tax rate was also impacted by income tax expense from: (i) an increase in deferred tax liabilities associated with non-amortizable assets such as
broadcasting licenses and goodwill; (ii) an adjustment for expenses that are not deductible for tax purposes; and (iii) a tax benefit shortfall associated with share-based awards.  
  Tax Rates For The Nine Months And Three Months Ended September 30, 2015   
 The effective income tax rates were 38.9% and 37.1% for the nine months and three months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. These
rates were impacted by an adjustment for expenses that are not deductible for tax purposes, an increase in net deferred tax liabilities associated with non-amortizable assets such as broadcasting licenses and goodwill and a tax benefit shortfall
associated with stock-based awards.     Net Deferred Tax Assets And Liabilities   
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, net deferred tax liabilities were $94.1 million and $78.2 million, respectively. The
income tax accounting process to determine the deferred tax liabilities involves estimating all temporary differences between the tax and financial reporting bases of the Company s assets and liabilities, based on enacted tax laws and statutory
tax rates applicable to the period in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. The Company estimated the current exposure by assessing the temporary differences and computing the provision for income taxes by applying the
estimated effective tax rate to income.     8. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS   
  Fair Value Of Financial Instruments Subject To Fair Value Measurements   
  Recurring Fair Value Measurements     The
following table sets forth the Company s financial assets and/or liabilities that were accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis and are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair
value measurement. The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment and may affect the valuation of fair value and its placement within the fair value hierarchy levels.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

(1)   
 The Company s deferred compensation liability, which is included in other long-term liabilities, is recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. The unfunded plan allows participants to hypothetically invest in
various specified investment options. The deferred compensation plan liability is valued at Level 1 as it is based on quoted market prices of the underlying investments.    
  Non-Recurring Fair Value Measurements   
 The Company has certain assets that are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis and are adjusted to fair value only when the carrying
values are more than the fair values. The categorization of the framework used to price the assets is considered Level 3, due to the subjective nature of the unobservable inputs used to determine the fair value.  
 During the quarters ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company reviewed the fair value of its broadcasting licenses, goodwill and net
property and equipment and other intangibles, and concluded that these assets were not impaired as the fair value of these assets equaled or exceeded their carrying value.  
  Fair Value Of Financial Instruments Subject To Disclosures   
 The carrying amount of the following assets and liabilities approximates fair value due to the short maturity of these instruments:
(1) cash and cash equivalents; (2) accounts receivable; and (3) accounts payable, including accrued liabilities.    The
following table presents the carrying value of financial instruments and, where practicable, the fair value as of the periods indicated:      
     
 The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of financial instruments:  

(1)   
 The Company s determination of the fair value of the Term B Loan was based on quoted prices for this instrument and is considered a Level 2 measurement as the pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active
markets.    

(2)   
 The fair value of the Revolver is considered to approximate the carrying value as the interest payments are based on LIBOR rates that reset periodically. The Revolver is considered a Level 2 measurement as the pricing
inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets.    
      19  

Table of Contents  

(3)   
 The Company utilizes a Level 2 valuation input based upon the market trading prices of the Senior Notes to compute the fair value as these Senior Notes are traded in the debt securities market. The Senior Notes are
considered a Level 2 measurement as the pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets.    

(4)   
 The Company does not believe it is practicable to estimate the fair value of the other debt.    

(5)   
 The Company does not believe it is practicable to estimate the fair value of the outstanding standby letters of credit.    
  9. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS     The Company
consummated acquisitions under the purchase method of accounting, and the purchase price was allocated to the assets and liabilities based upon their respective fair values as determined as of the acquisition date. Merger and acquisition costs are
excluded from the purchase price as these costs are expensed for book purposes and amortized for tax purposes.    There were no acquisitions
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.     2015 Acquisition   
  Acquisition Of Lincoln Financial Media Company   
 On July 16, 2015, the Company acquired under a Stock Purchase Agreement ( SPA ) with The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company
the stock of one of its subsidiaries, Lincoln Financial Media Company ( Lincoln ), which held through subsidiaries the assets and liabilities of radio stations serving the Atlanta, Denver, Miami and San Diego markets. The purchase price
was $105.0 million of which: (1) $77.5 million was paid in cash using $42.0 million in borrowing under the Company s Revolver together with cash on hand; and (2) $27.5 million was paid with the Company s issuance of
perpetual cumulative convertible preferred stock ( Preferred ).    The aggregate fair value purchase price allocation of the
assets and liabilities as reported on the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 26, 2016, were revised on July 1, 2016, to reflect a liability associated with an assumed lawsuit. The amount of the liability could not be
estimated at the time of the acquisition. This revision resulted in an increase to goodwill of $0.1 million in one of the Lincoln markets.     Disposition
    In March 2016, the Company sold certain assets of KRWZ AM in Denver, Colorado, for $3.8 million in cash. The Company believes that the
sale of this station, with a marginal market share, will not alter the Company s competitive position in the market. The Company reported a gain, net of expenses, of $0.3 million on the disposition of these assets.  
  Merger And Acquisition Costs And Restructuring Charges   
 Merger and acquisition costs and restructuring charges are expensed as a separate line item in the statement of operations. The Company records
merger and acquisition costs whether or not an acquisition occurs.    In the third quarter of 2016, the Company recorded merger and
acquisition costs of $0.7 million.    In 2015, the Company recorded merger and acquisition costs of $4.0 million (primarily legal,
professional and advisory services) as well as restructuring costs of $1.7 million related to the Company s integration of its acquisitions.  
 The restructuring plan included: (1) costs associated with exiting contractual vendor obligations as these obligations were duplicative;
(2) a workforce reduction and realignment charges that included one-time termination  
      20  

Table of Contents  

benefits and related costs; and (3) lease abandonment costs. The lease abandonment costs are longer-term as the lease expires in June 2026. The estimated amount of unpaid restructuring
charges as of September 30, 2016, after excluding the lease abandonment liability as of September 30, 2016, was included in accrued expenses as most expenses are expected to be paid within one year.  
   
    Unaudited Pro Forma Summary Of Financial Information   
 The following pro forma information presents the consolidated results of operations as if the business combinations in 2015 had occurred as of
January 1, 2014, after giving effect to certain adjustments, including: (1) depreciation and amortization of assets; (2) amortization of unfavorable contracts related to the fair value adjustments of the assets acquired;
(3) change in the effective tax rate; (4) interest expense on any debt incurred; (5) merger and acquisition costs and restructuring charges; and (6) accrued dividends on perpetual cumulative convertible preferred stock. For
purposes of this presentation, the pro forma data: (a) excludes certain radio stations that were acquired and immediately disposed of, as the Company never operated these stations and does not expect to operate these stations at a future time;
and (b) excludes a radio station disposed of and previously owned and operated by the Company as these assets were a key component of the assets acquired. In addition, there was no adjustment to the pro forma information for the AM station in
Denver, Colorado, that was disposed of in 2016. These unaudited pro forma results have been prepared for comparative purposes only and do not purport to be indicative of what would have occurred had the acquisitions been made as of that date or
results which may occur in the future.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

10. ASSETS HELD FOR SALE   
 Long-lived assets to be sold are classified as held for sale in the period in which they meet all the criteria for the disposal of long-lived
assets. The Company measures assets held for sale at the lower of their carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. Additionally, the Company determined that these assets comprise operations and cash flows that can be clearly distinguished,
operationally and for financial reporting purposes, from the rest of the Company.    As of September 30, 2016, the Company entered into
an agreement to sell an AM radio station in one of its markets for $0.9 million and classified these assets and liabilities as assets held for sale. The Company expects that the sale of this radio station will not alter the Company s
competitive position in the market. This transaction, which is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2016, is expected to result in a gain of $0.2 million.  
 During 2016, the Company disposed of the following assets that were previously reflected as held for sale as of December 31, 2015:
(1) an AM radio station in Denver, Colorado, that resulted in a gain on disposal of assets of $0.3 million; (2) land, building and a tower at a tower/antenna site to be sold to a government agency that did not result in a gain or loss; and
(3) land and a building that the Company formerly used as its main studio facility in one of its markets and a co-located tower/antenna structure for two of its AM radio stations that the Company plans to relocate to other suitable sites, that
resulted in a gain on disposal of assets of $0.7 million.    Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The Company determined that the carrying value of these assets was less than the fair value by utilizing offers from third parties for a bundle of assets. This is
considered a Level 3 measurement.  
      22  

Table of Contents  

  The major categories of these assets are as follows:  
   
    11. SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY   
  Dividends     During the second quarter of
2016, the Company commenced a quarterly $0.075 per share common stock dividend program, with payments that approximate $2.9 million per quarter. Any future dividends will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors based upon the relevant factors
at the time of such consideration, including, without limitation, compliance with the restrictions set forth in the Company s New Credit Facility.  
 The Company paid dividends of $0.4 million on its Preferred in each of the first three quarters of 2016. In October 2016, the Company paid a
dividend on its Preferred of $0.6 million.     Dividend Equivalents   
 The Company s grants of RSUs include the right, upon vesting, to receive a cash payment equal to the aggregate amount of dividends, if
any, that holders would have received on the shares of common stock underlying their RSUs if such RSUs had been vested during the period.  
 The following table presents the amounts accrued and unpaid on unvested RSUs:  
   
    Employee Stock Purchase Plan   
 The Company adopted an employee stock purchase plan ( ESPP ) during the second quarter of 2016 that commenced with the third quarter
of 2016. The ESPP allows participants to purchase the Company s stock equal to 85% of the market value of such shares on the purchase date. Under the ESPP, the purchase of stock is limited to the lesser of an amount not to exceed 15% of an
employee s annual gross earnings or an annual maximum limitation of $25,000 per year. The maximum number of shares authorized to be issued under the ESPP is 1.0 million. Pursuant to  
      23  

Table of Contents  

this plan, the Company does not record compensation expense to the employee as income subject to tax on the difference between the market value and the purchase price, as this plan was designed
to meet the requirements of Section 423(b) of the Internal Revenue Code. The Company recognizes the 15% discount in the Company s consolidated statements of operations as non-cash compensation expense.  
   
    12. CONTINGENCIES AND COMMITMENTS   
  Contingencies     On October 17, 2016,
the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement ( APA ) with Beasley Broadcast Group, Inc. ( Beasley ) to acquire four radio stations in Charlotte, North Carolina, for a purchase price of $24 million in cash. The Company
entered into two time brokerage agreements ( TBAs ) to operate the radio stations, of which three of the four radio stations are held in a trust ( Charlotte Trust ). On November 1, 2016, the Company commenced operations of
the radio stations held in the Charlotte Trust. The Company expects to begin operating the fourth station under a separate TBA with Beasley on January 1, 2017. If regulatory approval by the Federal Communications Commission (the
 FCC ) to complete the transaction is received prior to January 1, 2017, the TBA would not occur.    During the period of the
TBAs, which terminates upon closing of the APA, the Company will include net revenues, station operating expenses and monthly TBA fees associated with operating these stations in the Company s consolidated financial statements. The Company
expects that the APA, will close in the fourth quarter of 2016 or early in the first quarter of 2017.    The Company believes that the
Charlotte Trust is a variable interest entity ( VIE ) and that the Company is the primary beneficiary as the Company may absorb the profits and losses from the operation of the VIE during the period of the TBA. Effective upon the
commencement of the Charlotte Trust TBA, the Company expects to consolidate the assets and liabilities of the VIE within its consolidated financial statements, using fair values for the assets and liabilities as if the Company had closed on this
transaction. The equity investment by Beasley in the Charlotte Trust would be reflected as a non-controlling interest. The assets of the Company s consolidated VIE can only be used to settle the obligations of the VIE, and may not be sold, or
otherwise disposed of, except for assets sold or replaced with others of like kind or value. There is a lack of recourse by the beneficial interest holders of the VIE against the Company s general creditors.  
 As disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed on February 26, 2016, the
FCC is investigating a contest that took place at one of the Company s stations in 2007. On October 27, 2016, the FCC issued an order calling for an administrative hearing to determine if the FCC license for the station should be renewed.
   The Company is subject to various outstanding claims which arise in the ordinary course of business and to other legal proceedings.
Management anticipates that any potential liability of the Company, which may arise out of or with respect to these matters, will not materially affect the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. There were no
material changes from the contingencies listed in the Company s Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on February 26, 2016.     Other Matters   
 During the third quarter of 2016, the Company settled a legal claim with British Petroleum as a result of their Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill in
the Gulf of Mexico that occurred in 2010 and recovered $2.3 million on a net basis after deducting certain related expenses. The claim was a result of lost business due to the oil spill.  
      24  

Table of Contents  

   13. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS   
 Events occurring after September 30, 2016 and through the date that these consolidated financial statements were issued were evaluated to
ensure that any subsequent events that met the criteria for recognition have been included and are as follows:    On November 1, 2016,
the Company completed a debt refinancing as described under Note 4.    On October 27, 2016, the FCC issued an order calling for an
administrative hearing to determine if the FCC license for one of the Company s stations should be renewed. Refer to Note 12 for further discussion.  
 On October 17, 2016, the Company entered into an APA with Beasley to acquire four radio stations in Charlotte, North Carolina, a new
market for the Company. Refer to Note 12 for further discussion.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

     ITEM 2. Management s Discussion And Analysis Of Financial Condition And
Results Of Operations     In preparing the discussion and analysis contained in this Item 2, we presume that readers have read or
have access to the discussion and analysis contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on February 26, 2016. In addition, you should read the following discussion and
analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report. The following results of operations include a discussion of the nine and
three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the comparable periods in the prior year. Our results of operations during the relevant periods represent the operations of the radio stations owned or operated by us.  
  Results Of Operations For The Year-To-Date   
 The following significant factors affected our results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the nine
months ended September 30, 2015:    In the third quarter of 2016, we recorded merger and acquisition costs of $0.7 million.  
 During the third quarter of 2016, we settled a legal claim with British Petroleum as a result of their Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill in the Gulf
of Mexico that occurred in 2010 and recovered $2.3 million on a net basis after deducting certain related expenses. The claim was a result of lost business due to the oil spill.  
 On July 16, 2015, we acquired the stock of Lincoln Financial Media Company ( Lincoln ), which operated radio stations serving
the Atlanta, Denver, Miami and San Diego markets (the  Lincoln Acquisition ). The Lincoln Acquisition (other than certain of the Denver stations operated by Bonneville International Corporation ( Bonneville ) as described below)
increased our net revenues, station operating expenses, depreciation and amortization and interest expense.    We agreed with Bonneville to
exchange certain radio stations in Denver for a radio station in Los Angeles (the  Bonneville Exchange ). Pursuant to a time brokerage agreement ( TBA ), on July 17, 2015, we commenced operations of a radio station in Los
Angeles, which increased our net revenues and station operating expenses and increased our TBA expense. That same day, Bonneville commenced operations of certain of our Denver radio stations. This resulted in a decrease to our net revenues and
station operating expenses and an increase to our TBA income.    On July 16, 2015, we funded the Lincoln acquisition by:
(1) issuing $27.5 million in perpetual cumulative convertible preferred stock ( Preferred ), which resulted in an increase in preferred dividends in the current year; (2) borrowing $42.0 million in cash under our revolving credit
facility, which increased debt upon which interest is computed; and (3) using $35.5 million of cash on hand.    In 2015, we recorded
merger and acquisition costs of $4.0 million (primarily legal, professional and advisory services) as well as restructuring costs of $1.7 million related to our Lincoln acquisition and our integration of the Lincoln acquisition, respectively.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

    Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 As Compared To The Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2015        
    Net Revenues   
 Net revenues increased across most of our markets. For our core stations, which exclude the new stations acquired/disposed of through the
Lincoln Acquisition and Bonneville Exchange, net revenues were up in the mid- single digits. Comparing our performance for the new stations to the prior owners  performance, net revenues were up in the high single digits. Net revenues from the
new stations together with our core stations contributed to our reported overall growth over prior year results.    Excluding the benefit of
the net revenues associated with the new stations, net revenues increased the most for our stations located in the Denver and San Francisco markets.  
 Excluding the benefit of the net revenues associated with the new stations, net revenues decreased the most for our stations located in the
New Orleans and Portland markets.     Station Operating Expenses   
 For our core stations, station operating expenses increased in the low single digits. Comparing our performance for the new stations to the
prior owners  performance, station operating expenses decreased in the high single digits. Station operating expenses from the new stations together with our core stations contributed to the reported overall expense increase over prior year
results.     Depreciation And Amortization Expens e  
 Depreciation and amortization expense increased primarily as a result of the depreciation and amortization associated with the assets included
in the Lincoln Acquisition.  
      27  

Table of Contents  

   Corporate General And Administrative Expenses   
 Corporate general and administrative expenses increased primarily due to an increase in costs associated with: (1) a $1.0 million bonus
incurred in the second quarter in connection with a new employment agreement for our Chief Executive Officer; (2) investment in corporate marketing capabilities and staff; (3) an increase in deferred compensation expense of $0.7 million as
our deferred compensation liability generally tracks the movements in the stock market; and (4) an increase in non-cash equity compensation expense of $0.5 million.  
  Operating Income (Loss)     Operating income
in the current period benefited from: (1) an increase in net revenues, net of station operating expenses, that included the operation of the new stations and the disposition of one station that was effective July 17, 2015; and (2) a
net reduction in merger and acquisition costs and restructuring charges of $5.0 million.     Interest Expense   
 Interest expense was down for the period as average outstanding debt declined slightly as compared to prior year.  
 As a result of the refinancing, and assuming LIBOR is flat, we expect interest expense to decrease in future periods.  
  Income (Loss) Before Income Taxes (Benefit)   
 The increase was largely attributable to the positive impact of the Lincoln Acquisition on operating income, an increase in the core
stations  operating results and a $2.3 million settlement (net of certain expenses) with British Petroleum as a result of the Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill in the Gulf of Mexico.  
  Income Taxes (Benefit)       Tax Rate For The Nine
Months Ended September 30, 2016      The effective income tax rate was 37.6%, which was impacted by discrete income tax benefits
from recent legislation in certain single member states that allowed for: (1) the reversal of partial valuation allowances; and (2) a retroactive decrease in deferred tax liabilities associated with non-amortizable assets such as
broadcasting licenses and goodwill. We estimate that our 2016 annual tax rate before discrete items, which may fluctuate from quarter to quarter, will be about 40%.  
   Tax Rate For The Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015    
 The effective income tax rate was 38.9%, and was impacted by an adjustment for expenses that are not deductible for tax purposes and an
increase in net deferred tax liabilities associated with non-amortizable assets such as broadcasting licenses and goodwill.      Net Deferred Tax
Liabilities      As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, our net deferred tax liabilities were $94.1 million and
$78.2 million, respectively. The deferred tax liabilities primarily relate to differences between the book and tax bases of our broadcasting licenses and goodwill.  
  Net Income (Loss) Available To The Company   
 The increase was primarily attributable to the reasons described above under Income (Loss) Before Income Taxes (Benefit), net of income tax
expense.  
      28  

Table of Contents  

   Results Of Operations For The Quarter   
 The following significant factors affected our results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same
period in the prior year:    During the third quarter of 2016, we recorded merger and acquisition costs of $0.7 million.  
 During the third quarter of 2016, we settled a legal claim with British Petroleum as a result of their Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill in the Gulf
of Mexico that occurred in 2010 and recovered $2.3 million on a net basis after deducting certain related expenses. The claim, which is recorded in other income, was a result of lost business due to the oil spill.  
 The operation of the Lincoln stations (other than certain of the Denver stations operated under the Bonneville Exchange as described below)
increased our net revenues, station operating expenses, depreciation and amortization and interest expense.    Under the Bonneville
Exchange, we commenced operations of a radio station in Los Angeles, that resulted in an increase to our net revenues and station operating expenses and increased our TBA expense.  
 Under the Bonneville Exchange, Bonneville commenced operations of certain radio stations in Denver, that resulted in a decrease to our net
revenues and station operating expenses and an increase to our TBA income.    For the third quarter 2015, we recorded merger and acquisition
costs and restructuring expenses of $2.0 million as a result of the acquisition and integration of the Lincoln radio stations. The costs included a workforce reduction charge and realignment along with the recognition of duplicative contractual
obligations.      Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 As Compared To The Three Months Ended September 30, 2015    

29  

Table of Contents  

   Net Revenues   
 Net revenues increased for us as a result of our gaining revenue share in the majority of markets in which we operate and increased political
spending in the quarter. In addition, we are continuing to benefit from digital advertising initiatives. In comparing our results to last year, we closed on the Lincoln Acquisition on July 16, 2015, and commenced operations under the Bonneville
Exchange on the same date.    Excluding the benefit of the net revenues associated with the new stations, net revenues increased the most
for our stations located in the Kansas City and San Francisco markets.    Excluding the benefit of the net revenues associated with the new
stations, net revenues decreased the most for our stations located in the Portland and Wichita markets.     Station Operating Expenses   
 For our core stations, station operating expenses increased in the low single digits. Comparing our performance for the new stations to the
prior owners  performance, station operating expenses decreased in the mid-single digits. Station operating expenses from the new stations together with our core stations contributed to our reported overall expense increase over prior year
results.     Depreciation And Amortization Expense   
 Depreciation and amortization expense increased primarily as a result of the depreciation and amortization associated with the assets included
in the Lincoln Acquisition.     Corporate General And Administrative Expenses   
 Corporate general and administrative expenses increased primarily due to an increase in costs associated with: (1) an increase in deferred
compensation expense of $0.9 million as our deferred compensation liability generally tracks the movements in the stock market; (2) corporate sales and programming recognition meetings; and (3) investment in corporate marketing
capabilities and staff.     Operating Income (Loss)   
 Operating income increased primarily due to: (1) the increase in net revenues, net of station operating expenses, associated with the
Lincoln Acquisition; and (2) a $1.3 million decrease in merger and acquisition costs and restructuring charges. This increase was offset by a $1.8 million increase in corporate general and administrative costs and a $0.7 million decrease in net
time brokerage agreement income that was associated with the Bonneville Exchange.     Interest Expense   
 The decrease in interest expense was primarily due to lower outstanding debt upon which interest is computed, offset by borrowing under the
revolving credit facility, which has a higher interest rate as compared to the interest rate on our Term B Loan. Our variable interest rates remained flat year over year as our Term B Loan includes a LIBOR floor of 1%.  
 As a result of the refinancing, and assuming LIBOR is flat, we expect interest expense to decrease in future periods.  
  Income (Loss) Before Income Taxes (Benefit)   
 The increase was primarily due to: (1) the impact on net revenues of the Lincoln Acquisition, offset primarily by an increase to station
operating expenses as the variable expenses included in station operating expenses correlated to increased net revenues; and (2) a $2.3 million settlement (net of certain expenses) with British Petroleum as a result of their Deepwater Horizon
Oil Spill in the Gulf of Mexico.  
      30  

Table of Contents  

   Income Taxes (Benefit)   
 For the current and prior periods, the income tax rate was 39.8% and 37.1%, respectively, which primarily reflects adjustments for expenses
that are not deductible for tax purposes and an increase in net deferred tax liabilities associated with non-amortizable assets such as broadcasting licenses and goodwill.  
  Net Income (Loss) Available To The Company   
 The increase was primarily attributable to the reasons described above under Income (Loss) Before Income Taxes (Benefit), net of income tax
expense.     Liquidity And Capital Resources   
   Liquidity      As of September 30,
2016, we had $225.0 million outstanding under our senior secured credit facility (the  Credit Facility ), which includes an outstanding Term B Loan of $225.0 million and no amount outstanding under a revolving credit facility (the
 Revolver ). In addition, we had outstanding $220.0 million in principal for our 10.5% senior unsecured notes (the  Senior Notes ) and $0.7 million in outstanding letters of credit. As of September 30, 2016, we had $9.9
million in cash and cash equivalents. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we decreased our outstanding debt by $43.7 million.      The
Refinancing       The New Credit Facility   
 On November 1, 2016, we and our wholly owned subsidiary, Entercom Radio LLC, entered into a $540 million credit agreement (the  New
Credit Facility ) with a syndicate of lenders and used the proceeds to: (1) refinance our senior secured credit facility (the  Credit Facility ) that was comprised of: (a) a $223.0 million outstanding term loan component
( Term B Loan  and (b) $3.0 million outstanding under a revolving credit facility (the  Revolver  (2) fund the redemption effective December 1, 2016 of $220.0 million Senior Notes and discharged the indenture
(the  Indenture ) governing the Senior Notes; (3) fund $11.6 million of accrued interest and a call premium of $5.8 million on the Senior Notes; and (4) pay transaction costs associated with the refinancing. In the fourth quarter
of 2016, we expect to record debt extinguishment costs related to the refinancing.    The New Credit Facility is comprised of a revolving
credit facility and a term B loan.    The $60 million revolving credit facility (the  New Revolver ) has a maturity date of
November 1, 2021 and provides for interest based upon the prime rate or the European London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ) plus a margin. The margin may increase or decrease based upon our Consolidated Leverage Ratio as defined in
the agreement. The initial margin is at LIBOR plus 3.5% or the prime rate plus 2.5%. In addition, the New Revolver requires the payment of a commitment fee of 0.5% per annum for the unused amount.  
 The $480 million term B loan (the  New Term B Loan ) has a maturity date of November 1, 2023 and provides for interest based
upon the Base Rate or LIBOR, plus a margin. The initial rate is at LIBOR plus 3.5%, with a LIBOR floor of 1.0%, or the Base Rate plus 2.5%. The Base Rate is the highest of: (a) the administrative agent s prime rate; (b) the Federal
Funds Rate plus 0.5%; or (c) the LIBOR Rate plus 1.0%. The facility amortizes: (1) with equal quarterly installments of principal in annual amounts equal to 1.0% of the original principal amount of the New Term B Loan; and
(2) mandatory yearly prepayments based upon a percentage of Excess Cash Flow as defined in the loan agreement. Any remaining principal and interest is due at maturity.  
 We expect to use the New Revolver to: (1) provide for working capital; and (2) provide for general corporate purposes, including
capital expenditures and any or all of the following (subject to certain restrictions): repurchases of Class A common stock, repurchases of preferred stock, dividends, investments and acquisitions. The New Credit Facility is secured by a pledge
of 100% of the capital stock and other equity interest in all of our wholly owned subsidiaries. In addition, the New Credit Facility is secured by a lien on substantially all of our assets with limited exclusions (including our real property). Our
parent, Entercom Communications Corp., and all of our subsidiaries, jointly and severally guaranteed the New Credit Facility. The assets securing the New Credit Facility are subject to customary release provisions which would enable us to sell such
assets free and clear of encumbrance, subject to certain conditions and exceptions.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

  The New Credit Facility has usual and customary covenants including, but not limited to,
consolidated leverage ratios, consolidated interest coverage ratios, limitations on acquisitions, stock repurchases, additional borrowings, and dividends. Specifically, the New Credit Facility requires us to comply with certain financial covenants
which are defined terms within the agreement, including:      

a minimum Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio of 2.0 times (applicable only to the New Revolver).    
 As of September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with all financial covenants then applicable and all other terms of the Credit Facility
in all material respects. As of the refinancing, we were in compliance with all financial covenants then applicable and all other terms of the New Credit Facility in all material respects. Our ability to maintain compliance with our covenants under
the New Credit Facility is highly dependent on our results of operations. Management believes that over the next 12 months we can continue to maintain compliance.  
 Failure to comply with our financial covenants or other terms of our New Credit Facility and any subsequent failure to negotiate and obtain
any required relief from our lenders could result in a default under the New Credit Facility. Any event of default could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. The acceleration of our debt could have a material
adverse effect on our business. We may seek from time to time to amend our New Credit Facility or obtain other funding or additional funding, which may result in higher interest rates on our debt.  
   The Credit Facility      On
November 23, 2011, we entered into our prior credit agreement with a syndicate of lenders for a $425 million Credit Facility, which was initially comprised of: (a) a $50 million Revolver (reduced to $40 million in December 2015) that
matures on November 23, 2016; and (b) a $375 million Term B Loan that matures on November 23, 2018.    The undrawn amount of
the Revolver was $39.3 million as of September 30, 2016.    The Term B Loan required mandatory prepayments equal to a percentage of
Excess Cash Flow, which was defined within the agreement and was subject to incremental step-downs depending on the consolidated Leverage Ratio. The payment was due in the first quarter of each year for the prior year and was included under the
current portion of long-term debt, net of any prepayments made through September 30, 2016. For purposes of presenting the September 30, 2016 financial statements, the estimate of the Excess Cash Flow reflects the amount due under the
Credit Facility in the first quarter of 2017. Under the New Credit Facility, however, the first such Excess Cash Flow payment, if any, will be due in the first quarter of 2018.  
 As of September 30, 2016, we are in compliance with all financial covenants and all other terms of the New Credit Facility and Credit
Facility in all material respects. Our ability to maintain compliance with our covenants will be highly dependent on our results of operations. A default under our New Credit Facility or until such time as we redeem the indenture governing our
Senior Notes, could cause a cross default in the other. Any event of default could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.  
   The Senior Notes      In connection
with the refinancing described above, on November 1, 2016, we issued a call notice and funded the redemption effective as of December 1, 2016 of our $220 million Senior Notes due December 1, 2019 and discharged of the Indenture
governing the Senior Notes.    As background, simultaneously with entering into the Credit Facility on November 23, 2011, we issued the
Senior Notes which mature on December 1, 2019 in the amount of $220.0 million. Interest on the Senior Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year.  
      32  

Table of Contents  

  In addition to the parent, Entercom Communications Corp., all of our existing subsidiaries (other
than Entercom Radio, LLC, which is a finance subsidiary and is the issuer of the Senior Notes), jointly and severally guaranteed the Senior Notes. Under certain covenants, our subsidiary guarantors are restricted from paying dividends or
distributions in excess of amounts defined under the Senior Notes, and the subsidiary guarantors are limited in their ability to incur additional indebtedness under certain restrictive covenants.  
   Perpetual Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock    
 Upon closing on the Lincoln Acquisition, we issued Preferred that in the event of a liquidation, ranks senior to common stock in our capital
structure. The Preferred is convertible by Lincoln into a fixed number of shares after a three-year waiting period, subject to customary anti-dilution provisions. At certain times (including the first three years after issuance), we can redeem
the Preferred in cash at a price of 100%. The dividend rate on the Preferred increases over time from 6% to 12%. We declared and paid a $0.4 million dividend on our Preferred for the four quarterly periods commencing in October 2015 and $0.6 million
in October 2016.      Operating Activities    
 Net cash flows provided by operating activities were $51.0 million and $42.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively. The cash flows from operating activities increased primarily due to the increase in net revenues, net of station operating expenses, from the Lincoln Acquisition and Bonneville Exchange.  
   Investing Activities      Net cash
flows provided by investing activities were $2.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and net cash flows used in investing activities were $88.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the cash provided by investing activities primarily reflects the proceeds of $7.1 million
from the sale of several properties that were reflected under assets held for sale as of December 31, 2015, offset by additions to property and equipment of $4.3 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the cash used in
investing activities primarily reflects the Lincoln acquisition of $81.7 million (net of issuance of the Preferred and working capital cash acquired from Lincoln) and additions to property and equipment of $6.0 million.  
   Financing Activities      Net cash
flows used in financing activities were $52.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Net cash flows provided by financing activities were $23.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the cash flows used in financing activities primarily reflect the use of the Revolver of
$22.0 million offset by the reduction of our net borrowings by $65.3 million and the payment of common stock dividends of $5.8 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the cash flows provided by financing activities primarily
reflect the use of the Revolver of $42.0 million to fund a portion of the cash requirements necessary to complete the Lincoln Acquisition, offset by the reduction of our net borrowings of $17.3 million.  
   Dividends      During the second
quarter of 2016, we commenced a quarterly $0.075 per share common stock dividend program, with payments that approximate $2.9 million per quarter. Any future dividends will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors based upon the relevant
factors at the time of such consideration, including, without limitation, compliance with the restrictions set forth in our New Credit Facility.  
 A dividend on our Preferred of $0.4 million was paid in October 2015 and each of the subsequent three quarters. In October 2016, we paid a
dividend on our Preferred of $0.6 million.  
      33  

Table of Contents  

    Income Taxes    
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we paid $0.3 million in federal and state income taxes. The payment was primarily for a
federal alternative minimum tax ( AMT ), which is a credit available to offset income tax liabilities in future years. We expect to continue to make an additional AMT payment in the subsequent quarter of approximately $0.1 million. We
anticipate that it will not be necessary to make any other quarterly estimated federal or state income tax payments for the remainder of 2016 based upon available net operating loss carryovers, existing prepayments and expected quarterly income
subject to tax.      Capital Expenditures    
 Capital expenditures for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $4.3 million. We anticipate that total capital expenditures in 2016
will be between $7 million and $7.5 million. Capital expenditures this year are estimated to be lower than anticipated primarily due to a delay in the move of studio facilities in several markets.  
   Contractual Obligations      As of
September 30, 2016, there have been no net material changes in the total amount from the contractual obligations listed in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on February 26, 2016.  
   Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements      As
of September 30, 2016, we did not have any material off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements or obligations, including contingent obligations.  
 We do not have any other relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as
structured finance or special purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet financial arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes as of September 30, 2016. Accordingly,
we are not materially exposed to any financing, liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise if we had engaged in such relationships.     Critical
Accounting Policies     The SEC defines critical accounting policies as those that are most important to the portrayal of a company s
financial condition and results and that require management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain.  
 There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies from the information provided in Part II, Item 7,
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Critical Accounting Policies, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. We have, however, provided additional disclosures
related to one of our critical accounting policies for impairment testing of radio broadcasting licenses and goodwill, as we conducted our annual impairment test of broadcasting licenses and goodwill during the second quarter of 2016.  
   Radio Broadcasting Licenses And Goodwill    
 We have made acquisitions in the past for which a significant amount of the purchase price was allocated to broadcasting licenses and goodwill
assets. As of September 30, 2016, we have recorded approximately $840 million in radio broadcasting licenses and goodwill, which represents 83% of our total assets at that date. We must conduct impairment testing at least annually, or more
frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the assets might be impaired, and charge to operations an impairment expense in the periods in which the recorded value of these assets is more than their fair value. Any such impairment
could be material. After an impairment expense is recognized, the recorded value of these assets will be reduced by the amount of the impairment expense and that result will be the assets  new accounting basis. Our most recent impairment loss
to our broadcasting licenses and goodwill was in 2012.    We believe our estimate of the value of our radio broadcasting licenses and
goodwill assets is a critical accounting estimate as the value is significant in relation to our total assets, and our estimate of the value uses assumptions that incorporate variables based on past experiences and judgments about future performance
of our stations.  
      34  

Table of Contents  

    Broadcasting Licenses Impairment Test    
 There were no events or circumstances since the Company s second quarter annual license impairment test that indicated an interim review
of broadcasting licenses was required.    We completed our annual impairment test for broadcasting licenses during the second quarter of
2016 and determined that the fair value of the broadcasting licenses was more than the carrying value in each of our markets and, as a result, we did not record an impairment loss.  
 We perform our broadcasting license impairment test by using the direct method at the market level. Each market s broadcasting licenses
are combined into a single unit of accounting for the purpose of testing impairment, as the broadcasting licenses in each market are operated as a single asset. We determine the fair value of broadcasting licenses in each of our markets by relying
on a discounted cash flow approach (a 10-year income model) assuming a start-up scenario in which the only assets held by an investor are broadcasting licenses. Our fair value analysis contains assumptions based upon past experience, reflects
expectations of industry observers and includes judgments about future performance using industry normalized information for an average station within a certain market. These assumptions include, but are not limited to: (1) the discount rate;
(2) the market share and profit margin of an average station within a market, based upon market size and station type; (3) the forecast growth rate of each radio market; (4) the estimated capital start-up costs and losses incurred
during the early years; (5) the likely media competition within the market area; (6) a tax rate; and (7) future terminal values. Changes in our estimates of the fair value of these assets could result in material future period
write-downs in the carrying value of our broadcasting licenses and goodwill assets.    The methodology used by us in determining our key
estimates and assumptions was applied consistently to each market. Of the seven variables identified above, we believe that the first three (in items (1) through (3) above) are the most important and sensitive in the determination of fair
value.    If actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by the industry or by us, or if events occur or circumstances
change that would reduce the fair value of our broadcasting licenses below the carrying value, we may be required to recognize impairment charges, which could be material, in future periods.  
   Goodwill Impairment Test      There
were no events or circumstances since our second quarter of 2016 annual goodwill test that required us to test the carrying value of our goodwill.  
 We completed our annual goodwill impairment test during the second quarter of 2016 and the results indicated that there was no impairment as
the fair value was greater than the carrying value.    If actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by the industry
or us, or if events occur or circumstances change that would reduce the fair value of our goodwill below the amount reflected in the balance sheet, we may be required to conduct an interim test and possibly recognize impairment charges, which could
be material, in future periods.       ITEM 3. Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
 We are exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates on our variable rate senior debt (the New Term B Loan and New Revolver).  
 As of the date of the refinancing, if the borrowing rates under LIBOR were to increase 1% above the current rates, our interest expense on:
(1) our New Term B Loan would increase $2.5 million on an annual basis as our New Term B Loan provides for a minimum LIBOR floor; and (2) our New Revolver would increase by $0.6 million, assuming our entire New Revolver was outstanding as
of the refinancing.  
      35  

Table of Contents  

  As of September 30, 2016, if the borrowing rates under LIBOR were to increase 1% above the
current rates, our interest expense on: (1) our Term B Loan would increase $1.2 million on an annual basis as our Term B Loan provides for a minimum LIBOR floor; and (2) our Revolver would increase by $0.4 million, assuming our entire
Revolver was outstanding as of September 30, 2016.    From time to time, we may seek to limit our exposure to interest rate volatility
through the use of interest rate hedging instruments.    Assuming LIBOR remains flat, interest expense is expected to be lower due to the
decrease in our outstanding debt upon which interest is computed.    As of September 30, 2016, there were no interest rate hedging
transactions outstanding.    From time to time, we invest in cash equivalents that are money market instruments consisting of short-term
government securities and repurchase agreements that are fully collateralized by government securities. When such investments are made, we do not believe that we have any material credit exposure with respect to these assets. As of
September 30, 2016, we did not have any investments in money market instruments.    Our credit exposure related to our accounts
receivable does not represent a significant concentration of credit risk due to the quantity of advertisers, the minimal reliance on any one advertiser, the multiple markets in which we operate and the wide variety of industries in which our
advertisers compete.    See also additional disclosures regarding liquidity and capital resources made under Liquidity and Capital Resources
in Part 1, Item 2, above.       ITEM 4. Controls And Procedures   
  Evaluation Of Controls And Procedures     We
maintain  disclosure controls and procedures  (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) that are designed to ensure that: (i) information required to be disclosed in our Exchange
Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms; and (ii) such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, our management recognizes that any
controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and our management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of
possible controls and procedures.    We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on the foregoing, our President/Chief Executive Officer
and Executive Vice President/Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.  
  Changes In Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   
 There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during our most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
      36  

Table of Contents  

   PART II   
  OTHER INFORMATION       
 ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings     There were no material developments relating to the legal proceedings described in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 
26, 2016.       ITEM 1A. Risk Factors   
 There have been no material changes to the Risk Factors described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015,
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 26, 2016.       ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales Of Equity
Securities And Use Of Proceeds     The following table provides information on our repurchases during the quarter ended September 30,
2016:      

(1)   
 As a result of our withholding shares to satisfy employee tax obligations related to the vesting of restricted stock units during the three months ended September 30, 2016, we are deemed to have repurchased the
following shares withheld to satisfy employees  tax obligations: 249 shares at an average price of $13.57 per share in July 2016; and 588 shares at an average price of $14.61 per share in August 2016. These shares are included in the table
above.         ITEM 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
 None.       ITEM 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures     N/A      
 ITEM 5. Other Information     None.  
      37  

Table of Contents  

     ITEM 6. Exhibits   

(3)   
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit (as indicated above) to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 17, 2015.    

(5)   
 Filed herewith.    

(6)   
 These exhibits are submitted herewith as  accompanying  this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and shall not be deemed to be  filed  as part of such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.    
      38  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      

ENTERCOM COMMUNICATIONS CORP.  
 (Registrant)   

Date: November 8, 2016 

/S/ David J. Field  

Name: David J. Field  

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive officer)   

Date: November 8, 2016 

/S/ Stephen F. Fisher  

Name: Stephen F. Fisher  

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (principal financial officer)   
 
      39  

Table of Contents  

     EXHIBIT INDEX   

(3)   
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit (as indicated above) to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 17, 2015.    

(5)   
 Filed herewith.    

(6)   
 These exhibits are submitted herewith as  accompanying  this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and shall not be deemed to be  filed  as part of such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.    
      40  

<EX-31.01>
 2
 d241409dex3101.htm
 EX-31.01

EX-31.01 

EXHIBIT 31.01   
  CERTIFICATION OF PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   
 I, David J. Field, certify that:    1. I have
reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Entercom Communications Corp.;    2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and    5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.    Date: November 8, 2016      

By: 
   
 /s/ David J. Field  
 
 Name: 
   
 David J. Field  
 
 Title: 
   
 President and Chief Executive Officer  

(principal executive officer)  

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 3
 d241409dex3102.htm
 EX-31.02

EX-31.02 

EXHIBIT 31.02   
  CERTIFICATION OF EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   
 I, Stephen F. Fisher, certify that:    1. I have
reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Entercom Communications Corp.;    2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and    5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.    Date: November 8, 2016      

By: 
   
 /s/ Stephen F. Fisher  
 
 Name: 
   
 Stephen F. Fisher  
 
 Title: 
   
 Executive Vice President - Chief Financial Officer  

(principal financial officer)  

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 4
 d241409dex3201.htm
 EX-32.01

EX-32.01 

EXHIBIT 32.01   
  CERTIFICATION OF PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Entercom
Communications Corp. (the  Company ) hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that:    (i) the
accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and    (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    Date: November 8, 2016  

By: 
   
 /s/ David J. Field  
 
 Name: 
   
 David J. Field  
 
 Title: 
   
 President and Chief Executive Officer  

(principal executive officer)  
    A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Entercom Communications Corp.
and will be retained by Entercom Communications Corp. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.   

</EX-32.01>

<EX-32.02>
 5
 d241409dex3202.htm
 EX-32.02

EX-32.02 

EXHIBIT 32.02   
  CERTIFICATION OF EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Entercom
Communications Corp. (the  Company ) hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that:    (i) the accompanying Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended; and    (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Company.    Date: November 8, 2016      

By: 
   
 /s/ Stephen F. Fisher  
 
 Name: 
   
 Stephen F. Fisher  
 
 Title: 
   
 Executive Vice President - Chief Financial Officer  

(principal financial officer)  
    A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Entercom Communications Corp.
and will be retained by Entercom Communications Corp. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.   

</EX-32.02>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 etm-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 etm-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 etm-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 etm-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 etm-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 etm-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

