<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161017_10-Q_edgar_data_1626078_0001213900-16-017562_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1205926</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>60096</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>91518</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>247743</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>416460</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>364864</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>22</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-017562.hdr.sgml : 20161017
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161017112132
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-017562
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		35
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161017
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161017

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SavDen Group Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001626078
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				611748334
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-205121
		FILM NUMBER:		161938346

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		GRIEGSTR.9 (NESONOVA)
		CITY:			STUTTGART
		STATE:			2M
		ZIP:			70195
		BUSINESS PHONE:		491799546959

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2028 E BEN WHITE BLVD SUITE 240 #22092
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78741

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-017562.txt : 20161017

10-Q
 1
 f10q0816_savdengroupcorp.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

U.S.
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q   

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the quarterly period ended August 31, 2016  

OR  

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the transition period from ________ to ________  

Commission
file number: 333-205121  

SAVDEN
GROUP CORP.    

  (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Nevada  
         
      61-1748334   
 
      (State
    or other jurisdiction of  
    incorporation or organization)  
         
      (I.R.S.
    Employer 
    Identification Number)   

1005.
10th Floor, Tower A, New Mandarin Plaza  

  Tsimshatsui,
Kowloon, Hong Kong     

  (Address
of principal executive offices)  

+852-9374-4584    

  (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code)  

Not
Applicable    

  (Former
name and former address, if changed since last report)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every
Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this
chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files). Yes   No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company.  See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large
    accelerated filer    
         
      Accelerated
    filer  

Non-accelerated
    filer  
         
      Smaller
    reporting company    

(Do
    not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).
Yes   No    

APPLICABLE
ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS:  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes   No    

APPLICABLE
ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS:  

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date:  629,000,000
 shares of common stock outstanding as of August 31, 2016.  

SAVDEN
GROUP CORP.   

-
INDEX -   

Page    
 
       PART
    I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION:   

Item
    1.  
      Financial
    Statements:  
      1   

Item
    2.  
      Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      11   

Item
    3.  
      Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
      14   

Item
    4.  
      Controls
    and Procedures  
      15   

PART
    II   OTHER INFORMATION:   

Item
    1.  
      Legal
    Proceedings  
      17   

Item
    1A.  
      Risk
    Factors  
     17  

Item
    2.  
      Unregistered
    Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     17  

Item
    3.  
      Defaults
    Upon Senior Securities  
     17  

Item
    4.  
      Mine
    Safety Disclosures  
     17  

Item
    5.  
      Other
    Information  
     17  

Item
    6.  
      Exhibits  
     17  

Signatures  
     18  

PART
I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item
1.  Financial Statements.   

The
accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), and should be read
in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto contained in the Company's Form 10-K filed with the SEC
on September 13, 2016. In the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for
a fair presentation of financial position and the results of operations for the periods presented have been reflected herein.
The results of operations for the periods presented are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full
year ending May 31, 2017.  

SAVDEN
GROUP CORP.   

INDEX
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

August
31, 2016   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS    

Page    

Unaudited
    Condensed Balance Sheets  
     2  

Unaudited
    Condensed Statements of Operations  
      3   

Unaudited
    Condensed Statements of Cash Flows  
     4  

Notes
    to the Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements  
      5   

SAVDEN
GROUP CORP.   

   CONDENSED
BALANCE SHEETS   

   (Stated
in US Dollars except Number of Shares)   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements.  

SAVDEN
GROUP CORP.   

   CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   

   (Stated
in US Dollars except Number of Shares)   

   (Unaudited)   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements.  

SAVDEN
GROUP CORP.   

   CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW   

   (Stated
in US Dollars)   

   (Unaudited)   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements.  

SAVDEN
GROUP CORP.   

   Notes
to the Condensed Financial Statements   

   August
31, 2016   

   (Unaudited)   

NOTE
1 -   ORGANIZATION, CHANGE IN CONTROL AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS   

Savden
Group Corp. ( we,   us,   our,  the  Company  or the  Registrant )
was incorporated in the State of Nevada on October 2, 2014 and our principal executive offices are located at Room 1005, 10th
Floor, Tower A, New Mandarin Plaza, Tsimshatsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong .  The Company was formed  to
engage in the business of providing a business planning service to small and medium-sized companies.   

The
Company filed a registration statement on Form S-1 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on
June 19, 2015, which was declared effective on October 22, 2015. In April 2016, a change of control occurred as reported in the
Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 11, 2016. In May 2016, new management of the Company abandoned the Company s previous
business plan and determined to seek a possible business combination. The current business purpose of the Company is to seek the
acquisition of, or merger with, an existing company.  

On
May 16, 2016, DONG Yingzhi ( Purchaser  or  DONG ) acquired 100% of the equity ownership of Sino Expertise
Limited ( SEL ) from a third party ( Seller ). Seller had purchased 100% of the ownership of SEL from
Kimberly Leung ( Leung ) on May 12, 2016. DONG used his personal funds for the purchase. Leung had caused the 500,000,000
shares (on a post-split basis) of the Company, that she acquired from Denis Savinskii on April 20, 2016, to be registered in the
name of SEL. As a result of the sale of 100% of the equity ownership of SEL to Purchaser, Purchaser may be deemed to be the beneficial
owner of the 500,000,000 shares (on a post-split basis) ( Shares ) of the Company held by SEL, which constitutes approximately
79.5% of the total issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock. The Company effected a forward split of
100:1 of its shares that was effective on August 26, 2016.  

As
a result of the change in control and upon the request of DONG, CHAN Wai Lun, the sole officer and director of the Company, resigned
from his positions as President, Secretary, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer and also resigned from his position as the sole
director of the Company effective at 12:00 AM (China time) on September 1, 2016. In his capacity as a director, Mr. CHAN elected
DONG to the Board of Directors prior to the effective time of his resignation and elected DONG as the Company s President
and Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer to take effect immediately following his resignation
as an officer of the Company.  

The
Company is currently considered to be a  blank check  company. The SEC defines those companies as  any development
stage company that is issuing a penny stock, within the meaning of Section 3(a)(51) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the  Exchange Act ), and that has no specific business plan or purpose, or has indicated that its business
plan is to merge with an unidentified company or companies.  Under SEC Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, the Company also
qualifies as a  shell company,  because it has no or nominal assets (other than cash) and no or nominal operations.  Many
states have enacted statutes, rules and regulations limiting the sale of securities of  blank check  companies in their
respective jurisdictions. Management has undertaken steps to have the Company s common stock traded on the OTC market. The
market is illiquid, there has been no trading of any significance and there can be no assurance that a trading market of any significance
will develop or that there will be any depth to any such market that may develop. Management does not intend to undertake any
significant efforts to cause a market to develop in our securities until we have successfully concluded a business combination.
The Company is subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act under Section 15(d) as a result of its registration
statement on Form S-1 being declared effective by the SEC, and intends to comply with the periodic reporting requirements of the
Exchange Act for so long as it is subject to those requirements.  

The
accounting and reporting policies of the Company conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America,
and the Company s fiscal year end is May 31.  

NOTE
2 -   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

Basis
of Presentation   

The
Company prepares its financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America ( GAAP ). The accompanying interim unaudited financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles for interim financial information in accordance with Article 8 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly,
they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial
statements. While management of the Company believes that the disclosures presented herein are adequate and not misleading, these
interim financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and the footnotes thereto for
the year ended May 31, 2016.   

Use
of Estimates   

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent liabilities at the date of the financial statements. The estimates and judgments will also affect the reported amounts
of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates.  

Cash
and cash equivalents   

The
Company considers highly liquid financial instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.  

The Company's bank accounts are deposited in
insured institutions. The funds are insured up to USD$65,000 in Hong Kong insured institutions. At May 31, 2016 the Company's bank
deposits did not exceed the insured amounts. 

Earnings
per Share   

The
Company computes earnings (loss) per share in accordance with ASC 260-10-45  Earnings per Share , which requires presentation
of both basic and diluted earnings per share on the face of the statement of operations. Basic earnings (loss) per share is computed
by dividing net earnings (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of outstanding common shares during
the period.  Diluted earnings (loss) per share gives effect to all dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the
period.  Dilutive earnings (loss) per share excludes all potential common shares if their effect is anti-dilutive. The Company
has no potential dilutive instruments, and therefore, basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share are equal.  

Commitments
and Contingencies   

The
Company follows ASC 450-20,  Loss Contingencies,  to report accounting for contingencies.  Liabilities for loss
contingencies arising from claims, assessments, litigation, fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable
that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated.  There were no commitments
or contingencies at August 31, 2016 and May 31, 2016.  

Prepaid
Expenses   

Prepaid
expenses are cash paid amounts that represent costs incurred from which a service or benefit is expected to be derived in the
future. The future write-off period of the incurred cost will normally be determined by the period of benefit covered by the prepayment.
When the period arrives to which a prepaid cost relates the costs will be treated as a period cost for the period in question.
Normally such prepaid costs will be amortized based on the elapse of time.  

Revenue
Recognition   

The
Company will recognize revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification No. 605,  Revenue Recognition 
( ASC-605 ). ASC-605 requires that four basic criteria must be met before revenue can be recognized: (1) persuasive
evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred; (3) the selling price is fixed and determinable; and (4) collectability
is reasonably assured. Determination of criteria (3) and (4) are based on management's judgments regarding the fixed nature of
the selling prices of the products delivered and the collectability of those amounts. Provisions for discounts and rebates to
customers, estimated returns and allowances, and other adjustments are provided for in the same period the related sales are recorded.
The Company will defer any revenue for which the product has not been delivered or is subject to refund until such time that the
Company and the customer jointly determine that the product has been delivered or no refund will be required.  

Fair
value of financial instruments   

The
Company applies the provisions of ASC Subtopic 820-10,  Fair Value Measurements  ( ASC 820 )
for fair value measurements of financial assets and financial liabilities and for fair value measurements of non-financial items
that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements.  ASC 820 also establishes a framework for
measuring fair value and expands disclosures about fair value measurements.     

Fair
value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date.  When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities
required or permitted to be recorded at fair value, the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it
would transact and it considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability.   

ASC
820 establishes a fair value hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of
unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 820 establishes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value.
The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level
1 measurements) and the lowest priority to measurements involving significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). The
three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows:  

Level
                                         1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets
                                         or liabilities in active markets.                                                                                               

Level
                                         2 inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities
                                         in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the assets or liability, either
                                         directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instruments.                                                                                                                                                   

Level
                                         3 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value.    

There
were no assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis subject to the disclosure requirements of ASC 820 as
of August 31, 2016.  

Stock-based
compensation   

The
Company recognizes stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC Topic 718  Stock Compensation,  which requires
the measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all share-based payment awards made to employees and directors including
employee stock options and employee stock purchases related to an Employee Stock Purchase Plan based on the estimated fair values.  

Recently
Issued Accounting Principles   

Revenue
recognition  

In
May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers,  ( ASU
2014-09 ). This new standard will replace all current U.S. GAAP guidance on this topic and eliminate all industry-specific
guidance. The new revenue recognition standard provides a unified model to determine when and how revenue is recognized. The core
principle is that a company should recognize revenue to correlate with the transfer of promised goods or services to customers
in an amount that reflects the consideration for which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.
In July 2015, the FASB voted to defer the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year, while allowing a company to adopt the new
revenue standard early but not before the original effective date. As such, the updated standard will be effective for the Company
in the first quarter of 2018, with the option to adopt it in the first quarter of 2017. The Company has evaluated the effect on
the Company s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures and concluded that the adoption of this ASU is not
expected to have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements.  

Liabilities  

In
February 2015, FASB issued ASU No. 2015-02,  Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis .
The new consolidation standard changes the way reporting enterprises evaluate whether (a) they should consolidate limited partnerships
and similar entities, (b) fees paid to a decision maker or service provider are variable interests in a VIE, and (c) variable
interests in a VIE held by related parties of the reporting enterprise require the reporting enterprise to consolidate the VIE.
The guidance is effective for public business entities for annual and interim periods in fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2015. Early adoption is allowed, including early adoption in an interim period. A reporting entity may apply a modified retrospective
approach by recording a cumulative-effect adjustment to equity as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption or may apply
the amendments retrospectively. The Company is currently assessing the impact of the adoption of this guidance on the consolidated
financial statements.  

Financial
Instruments  

In
January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01,  Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement
of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  ( ASU 2016-01 ). The standard addresses certain aspects of recognition,
measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. ASU 2016-01 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods
within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017, and early adoption is not permitted. Accordingly, the standard is effective
for us on September 1, 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the standard will have on the Company s
consolidated financial statements.  

Leases  

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842)  ( ASU 2016-2 ), which provides guidance
on lease amendments to the FASB Accounting Standard Codification. This ASU will be effective for us beginning in May 1, 2019.
The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-2 on the Company s consolidated
financial statements.  

Stock-based
Compensation  

In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accounting  ( ASU 2016-09 ). ASU 2016-09 changes how companies account for certain aspects of stock-based
awards to employees, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well
as classification in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for us in the first quarter of 2018, and earlier adoption
is permitted. We are still evaluating the effect that this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and related
disclosures.  

Financial
Instruments - Credit Losses  

In
June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,  Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326)  ( ASU
2016-13 ). The amendments in this Update require a financial asset (or a group of financial assets) measured at
amortized cost basis to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected. The amendments broaden the information that
an entity must consider in developing its expected credit loss estimate for assets measured either collectively or
individually. The use of forecasted information incorporates more timely information in the estimate of expected credit loss,
which will be more decision useful to users of the financial statements. ASU 2016-13 is effective for the Company for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is allowed as of
the fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is still
evaluating the effect that this guidance will have on the Company s consolidated financial statements and related
disclosures.  

Except
for the ASUs above, in the period from May 31, 2016 to August 31, 2016, the FASB has issued ASU No. 2016-01 through ASU 2016-13,
which are not expected to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements upon adoption.  

NOTE
3   GOING CONCERN    

The
Company s financial statements as of August 31, 2016 have been prepared using generally accepted accounting principles in
the United States of America applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities
in the normal course of business. The Company has incurred a cumulative net loss of $53,115 and cash used in operating activities
of $6,306 for the three months ended at August 31, 2016. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company
to continue as a going concern.  

In
order to continue as a going concern, the Company will need, among other things, additional capital resources. Management s
plan is to obtain such resources for the Company by obtaining capital from management and significant shareholders sufficient
to meet its minimal operating expenses and seeking equity and/or debt financing. However, management cannot provide any assurances
that the Company will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans. These financial statements do not include any adjustments
related to the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary
should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.  

NOTE
4   PREPAID EXPENSES    

The
prepaid expense was the annual fee payment for the OTC Market. The amount was $5,833 and $8,333 as of August 31, 2016 and May
31, 2016, respectively.  

NOTE
5   RELATED PARTIES TRANSACTION    

In
support of the Company s efforts and cash requirements, it may rely on advances from related parties until such time that
the Company can support its operations or attains adequate financing through sales of its equity or traditional debt financing.
There is no formal written commitment for continued support by officers, directors or shareholders. Amounts represent advances
or amounts paid in satisfaction of liabilities. The advances are considered temporary in nature and have not been formalized by
a promissory note.    

As
of August 31 2016, and May 31, 2016, the amount due to shareholder was $6,306 and zero, respectively. The amount due to shareholder
is non-interest bearing, due upon demand and unsecured.  

NOTE
6   EQUITY    

On
June 6, 2015, 5,000,000 (500,000,000 on a post-split basis) common shares at a price of $0.001 per share for total net proceeds
of $5,000 were issued to the Company s sole officer and director.  

During
the period from January 2015 to April 2016, the Company issued 1,290,000 (129,000,000) shares at a price of $0.02 for total proceeds
of $25,800.  

On
May 20, 2016, the Board of Directors of the Company approved resolutions to: (i) increase the authorized number of shares of common
stock from 75,000,000 shares of $0.001 par value common stock to 1,000,000,000 shares of $0.001 par value common stock ( Increase
in Authorized ), and (ii) effect a 100:1 forward split of the Company s authorized, issued and outstanding shares of
common stock at the later of such time as the directors should determine to make it effective or one day after the Amendment to
increase the number of the Company's authorized shares is filed with the Nevada Secretary of State ( Forward Stock Split ).
The Increase in Authorized and the Forward Stock Split shall be sometimes referred to collectively as the  Amendments .
On that same date, shareholders of the Company holding 79% of the Company's issued and outstanding shares of common stock signed
consent resolutions approving the Amendments.  

On
June 24, 2016, the Company filed an amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation with the Nevada Secretary of State
to increase the authorized shares of the Company's common stock. On June 24, 2016, the Company filed a Certificate of Change with
the Nevada Secretary of State to provide notice of the 100:1 forward split of the Company s common stock. The Forward Stock
Split became effective on August 10, 2016. As a result of the Forward Stock Split, the number of the Company's issued and outstanding
shares of common stock was increased from 6,290,000 to 629,000,000.  

NOTE
7   INCOME TAX    

The
Company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes in accordance with ASC Topic 740,  Income Taxes. 
Under this method, income tax expense is recognized for the amount of: (i) taxes payable or refundable for the current year and
(ii) deferred tax consequences of temporary differences resulting from matters that have been recognized in an entity s
financial statements or tax returns. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply
to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.  

The
effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the results of operations in the period
that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is provided to reduce the deferred tax assets reported if based on the
weight of the available positive and negative evidence, it is more likely than not some portion or all of the deferred tax assets
will not be realized.  

ASC
Topic 740.10.30 clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements
and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a
tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. ASC Topic 740.10.40 provides guidance on de-recognition, classification,
interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. There are no material uncertain tax positions
for any of the reporting periods presented.  

As
of August 31, 2016, the Company in the United States had $53,115 in net operating loss carry forwards available
to offset future taxable income. Federal net operating losses can generally be carried forward twenty years. The Company believes
that it is more likely than not that these net accumulated operating losses will not be utilized in the future. Therefore, the
Company has provided full valuation allowance for the deferred tax assets arising from the losses at US. Accordingly, the Company
has no net deferred tax assets under the US entity.  

NOTE
8   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS    

Management
has evaluated subsequent events through the date these financial statements were available to be issued, and based on their evaluation
no events have occurred that would require disclosure.  

Item
2.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations .  

Forward
Looking Statement Notice   

Certain
statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are  forward-looking statements  (within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) in regard to the plans and objectives of management for future operations. Such statements
involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements of
SavDen Group Corp. to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such
forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included herein are based on current expectations that involve numerous
risks and uncertainties. The Company's plans and objectives are based, in part, on assumptions involving its ability to identify
a target candidate, to negotiate the terms of the acquisition of the target candidate and then to consummate the acquisition.
Assumptions relating to the foregoing involve judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive and
market conditions and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which
are beyond the control of the Company. Although the Company believes its assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements
are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate and, therefore, there can be no assurance the forward-looking statements
included in this Quarterly Report will prove to be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking
statements included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by the Company or any
other person that the objectives and plans of the Company will be achieved.  

Description
of Business   

The
Company intends to investigate and, if such investigation warrants, acquire a target company or business seeking the perceived
advantages of being a publicly held corporation. Our principal business objective for the next twelve months and beyond such time
will be to achieve long-term growth potential through a combination with a business rather than immediate, short-term earnings.
The Company will not restrict our potential candidate target companies to any specific business or industry and, thus, may acquire
any type of business. Although management has not restricted the geographical location of the target companies to China, management
believes that it is probable that the targets evaluated will be based in China or Asia.  

The
Company currently does not engage in any business activities that provide cash flow.  During the next twelve months
we anticipate incurring costs related to:  

(i)  
      filing
    periodic reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and   

(ii)  
      investigating,
    analyzing and consummating an acquisition.   

We
believe we will be able to meet these costs through deferral of fees by certain service providers and additional amounts, as necessary,
to be loaned to or invested in us by our stockholders, management or other investors.  There are no assurances that
the Company will be able to secure any additional funding as needed. Currently, our ability to continue as a going concern
is dependent upon our ability to generate future profitable operations and/or to obtain the necessary financing to meet our obligations
and repay our liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due.  Our ability to continue as a
going concern is also dependent on our ability to find a suitable target company and enter into a possible reverse merger with
such company. Management's plan includes obtaining additional funds by equity financing through a reverse merger transaction and/or
related party advances; however, there is no assurance of additional funding being available.  

The
Company may consider acquiring a business which has recently commenced operations, is a developing company in need of additional
funds for expansion into new products or markets, is seeking to develop a new product or service or is an established business
which may be experiencing financial or operating difficulties and is in need of additional capital. In the alternative, a business
combination may involve the acquisition of, or merger with, a company which does not need substantial additional capital but which
desires to establish a public trading market for its shares while avoiding, among other things, the time delays, significant expense
and loss of voting control which may occur in a public offering.  

Any
target business that is selected may be a financially unstable company or an entity in its early stages of development or growth,
including entities without established records of sales or earnings. In that event, we will be subject to numerous risks inherent
in the business and operations of financially unstable and early stage or potential emerging growth companies. In addition, we
may effect a business combination with an entity in an industry characterized by a high level of risk, and, although our management
will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, there can be no assurance that we will properly
ascertain or assess all significant risks. Our management anticipates that it will likely be able to effect only one business
combination, due primarily to our limited financing and the dilution of interest for present and prospective stockholders, which
is likely to occur as a result of our management's plan to offer a controlling interest to a target business in order to achieve
a tax-free reorganization. This lack of diversification should be considered a substantial risk in investing in us, because it
will not permit us to offset potential losses from one venture against gains from another.  

The
Company anticipates that the selection of a business combination will be complex and extremely risky.  Through information
obtained from industry publications and professionals, our management believes that there are numerous firms seeking the perceived
benefits of becoming a publicly traded corporation. Such perceived benefits of becoming a publicly traded corporation include,
among other things, facilitating or improving the terms on which additional equity financing may be obtained, providing liquidity
for the principals of and investors in a business, creating a means for providing incentive stock options or similar benefits
to key employees and offering greater flexibility in structuring acquisitions, joint ventures and the like through the issuance
of stock. Potentially available business combinations may occur in many different industries and at various stages of development,
all of which will make the task of comparative investigation and analysis of such business opportunities extremely difficult and
complex.  We do not currently intend to retain any entity to act as a  finder  to identify and analyze the merits
of potential target businesses.  

Results
of Operations   

We
have not generated any revenue to date and have incurred recurring losses since inception. It is unlikely the Company will have
any revenues unless it is able to effect an acquisition or merger with an operating company, of which there can be no assurance.  Our
financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern and, accordingly, do not include adjustments
relating to the recoverability and realization of assets and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be
unable to continue in operation. We expect we will require additional capital to meet our long term operating requirements. We
expect to raise additional capital through, among other things, the sale of equity or debt securities. It is management's assertion
that these circumstances may hinder the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.  The Company s plan of operation
for the next twelve months shall be to continue its efforts to locate suitable acquisition candidates.   

The
following table provides selected financial data about our company for the period ended August 31, 2016 and the year ended May
31, 2016:  

For
the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015:   

The
Company did not generate any revenues during the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015.  

During
the three months ended August 31, 2016, we incurred general and administrative expenses of $15,748 compared to $3,351 incurred
during the three months ended August 31, 2015. The increase in operating expenses was primarily due to the increased need for
professional services during the period ended August 31, 2016.  

For
the three months ended August 31, 2016, the Company had net loss of $15,748, as compared to a net loss of $3,351 for     the
period ended August 31, 2015.  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

As
of August 31, 2016, the Company had total assets of $5,833 comprised exclusively of prepaid expenses. Total assets as of May 31,2016
was $8,333, which was comprised entirely of prepaid expenses. The Company's liabilities as of August 31, 2016 were $28,148, which
was comprised of accrued expenses and amounts due to shareholder.  This compares with total liabilities of $14,900 as
of May 31, 2016, which was comprised of accrued expenses. The Company can provide no assurance that it can continue to satisfy
its cash requirements for at least the next twelve months.  

The
following is a summary of the Company's cash flows provided by (used in) operating, investing, and financing activities for the
three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015.  

The
Company has nominal assets and has generated no revenues since inception. The Company is also dependent upon the receipt of capital
investment or other financing to fund its ongoing operations and to execute its business plan of seeking a combination with a
private operating company. In addition, the Company is dependent upon certain related parties to provide continued funding and
capital resources. If continued funding and capital resources are unavailable at reasonable terms, the Company may not be able
to implement its plan of operations.  

Cash
Flows from Operating Activities   

We have not generated positive cash flows from operating activities. For the three months ended August 31, 2016, net cash flows
used in operating activities were $6,306 consisting primarily of a net loss of $15,748 and increase of accrued expenses of $6,942.
Net cash flows used in operating activities was $851 for the three months ended August 31, 2015 consisting of a net loss of $3,351
and increase of other payable of $2,500.   

Cash
Flows from Investing Activities   

We
neither generated, nor used, funds in investing activities during the three months ended August 31, 2016.  

During
the three months ended August 31, 2015, net cash used in investing activities was $1,700, which was contributed solely by the
purchase of fixed assets.  

Cash
Flows from Financing Activities   

We
have financed our operations primarily from either advances from shareholders or the issuance of equity instruments. For the three
months August 31, 2016 net cash provided by financing activities was $6,306 for the amount due to shareholder. For the three months
August 31, 2015, net cash provided by financing activities was $5,000 from proceeds from the issuance of common stock.    

Going
Concern Consideration   

There
is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern unless we are able to effect our business plan and raise
funds necessary to continue operations. The financial statements have been prepared  assuming that we will continue as a
going concern,  which contemplates that we will realize our assets and satisfy our liabilities and commitments in the ordinary
course of business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to continue as a going concern, and the financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements   

As
of the date of this Quarterly Report, the Company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably
likely to have a current or future effect on the Company's financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses,
results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors.  

Contractual
Obligations    

As
a  smaller reporting company  as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide this
information.   

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates   

We
prepare our condensed financial statements in conformity with GAAP, which requires management to make certain estimates and apply
judgments. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience, current trends and other factors that management believes
to be important at the time the condensed financial statements are prepared. On a regular basis, we review our accounting policies
and how they are applied and disclosed in our condensed financial statements.  

While
we believe that the historical experience, current trends and other factors considered support the preparation of our condensed
financial statements in conformity with GAAP, actual results could differ from our estimates and such differences could be material.  

Item
3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk .  

As
a  smaller reporting company  as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide information
required by this Item.  

Item
4.  Controls and Procedures .  

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures    

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our then principal executive officer and principal financial officer, CHAN Wai Lun,
we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e)
promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as of May 31, 2016. Based on this evaluation, Mr. CHAN Wai
Lun concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective at such time to ensure that information required to
be disclosed by us in the reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act were recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms. Our principal executive officer
and principal financial officer also concluded that our disclosure controls, which are designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management,
were inappropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  

Based
on Mr. Chan s assessment, the Company determined that there were material weaknesses in its internal control over financial
reporting as of May 31, 2016 based on the material weaknesses described below:  

Because the Company consists of one person who acts
as the sole officer and director of the Company, there are limited controls over information processing.   

There is an inadequate segregation of duties consistent
with control objectives as management is composed of only one person. In order to remedy this situation, we would need to hire
additional staff to provide greater segregation of duties. Currently, it is not feasible to hire additional staff to obtain optimal
segregation of duties. Management will reassess this matter after the Company completes a reverse merger or business combination
to determine whether improvement in segregation of duty is feasible.   

The Company does not have a formal audit committee with
a financial expert, and thus the Company lacks the Board oversight role within the financial reporting process.   

There is a lack of formal policies and procedures necessary
to adequately review significant accounting transactions.   

The
Company utilizes a third party independent contractor for the preparation of its financial statements. Although the financial
statements and footnotes are reviewed by our management, we do not have a formal policy to review significant accounting transactions
and the accounting treatment of such transactions. The third party independent contractor is not involved in the day to day operations
of the Company and may not be provided information from management on a timely basis to allow for adequate reporting/consideration
of certain transactions.  

As
a result of this material weakness, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective
as of May 31, 2016. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial
reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements
will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. A significant deficiency is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies,
in internal control over financial reporting that is less severe than a material weakness; yet important enough to merit attention
by those responsible for oversight of the company's financial reporting.  

In
order to mitigate the foregoing material weakness, we have engaged an outside accounting consultant with significant experience
in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP to assist us in the preparation of our financial statements
to ensure that these financial statements are prepared in conformity to U.S. GAAP. Management believes that this will lessen the
possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will occur and will increase the possibility
that such a misstatement will be prevented or detected on a timely basis, and we will continue to monitor the effectiveness of
this action and make any changes that our management deems appropriate.  

We
plan to rectify these deficiencies upon consummation of a business combination with an operating company when we expect to have
sufficient resources so that a majority of the Board will consist of independent Board members and the number of personnel performing
key functions in the Company can be increased so that duties can be better segregated. There can be no assurance that we will
have sufficient resources to accomplish these goals.  

Evaluation
of Internal Controls and Procedures    

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. As defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
under the Exchange Act, internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company's
principal executive, principal operating and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected
by the Company's Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.  

The
Company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company's assets;
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only
in accordance with authorizations of the Company's management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect
on the financial statements.  

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  

Our
management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at May 31, 2016. In making this assessment,
management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal
Control Integrated Framework. Based on that assessment under those criteria, management has determined that, as of May 31,
2016, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective.  

Subsequent
to the change in control that occurred in May 2016, our sole officer and director considered our disclosure controls and procedures,
and concluded that we have material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting because we do not have an independent
Board of Directors or audit committee or adequate segregation of duties since there is a single officer and director. Further,
we have no independent body to oversee our internal control over financial reporting. The lack of segregation of duties is due
to the limited nature and resources of the Company.   

Mr.
DONG Yingzhi, our sole officer and director, considered our internal controls and procedures, in connection with this Report on
Form 10-Q, and concluded that we continue to have material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting because
we do not have an independent Board of Directors or audit committee or adequate segregation of duties since there is a single
officer and director. Further, we have no independent body to oversee our internal control over financial reporting. The lack
of segregation of duties is due to the limited nature and resources of the Company.   

We
plan to rectify these deficiencies upon consummation of a business combination with an operating company when we expect to have
sufficient resources so that a majority of the Board will consist of independent Board members and the number of personnel performing
key functions in the Company can be increased so that duties can be better segregated. There can be no assurance that we will
have sufficient resources to accomplish these goals.  

This
Quarterly Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. Management's report was not subject to attestation by the Company's registered public accounting firm pursuant
to the exemption provided to issuers that are not  large accelerated filers  nor  accelerated filers  under
the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.  

PART
II   OTHER INFORMATION   

Item
1.  Legal Proceedings.   

There
are presently no material pending legal proceedings to which the Company, any of its subsidiaries, any executive officer or any
owner of record or beneficially of more than five percent of any class of voting securities is a party or as to which any of its
property is subject, and no such proceedings are known to the Company to be threatened or contemplated against it.  

Item
1A.  Risk Factors.   

As
a  smaller reporting company  as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide information
required by this Item.  

Item
2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.   

None.  

Item
3.  Defaults Upon Senior Securities.   

None.  

Item
4.  Mine Safety Disclosures.   

Not
Applicable.  

Item
5.  Other Information.   

None.  

Item
6.  Exhibits .  

The
following exhibits are included as part of this Report:  

EXHIBIT NO.   
         
       DESCRIPTION    
 
      31.1   
         
      Certificate
    of Principal Executive Officer and Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32.1   
         
      Certificate
    of Principal Executive Officer and Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
    of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

Dated:
    October 17, 2016  
       SAVDEN
    GROUP CORP.    

By:  
      /s/ DONG
    Yingzhi   

Name:  
      DONG
    Yingzhi   

Title:  
      Principal
    Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer   

18 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10q0816ex31i_savdengroup.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1   

Certification
of Principal Executive Officer   

   And   

   Principal
Financial Officer   

   Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

   and
Securities and Exchange Commission Release 34-46427   

I,
DONG Yingzhi, certify that:  

1.           I
have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of SAVDEN GROUP CORP.;  

2.           Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.           Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report;  

4.           I
am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and I have:  

a)         designed
such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)         designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c)          evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;  

d)          disclosed
in this report any change in registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.           I
have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
and the registrant's board of directors (since there is no audit committee):  

a)          all
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b)          any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting.  

Date:
    October 17, 2016  
      /s/
    DONG     Yingzhi   

DONG
    Yingzhi   

Principal
    Executive Officer and 
Principal Financial Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 f10q0816ex32i_savdengroup.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1   

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO   

   18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

   SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of SAVDEN GROUP CORP. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended August
31, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, DONG Yingzhi, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge:  

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.  

Date:
    October 17, 2016  
      /s/
    DONG     Yingzhi   

DONG
    Yingzhi   

Principal
    Executive Officer and 
Principal Financial Officer   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 svdnd-20160831.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 svdnd-20160831.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 svdnd-20160831_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 svdnd-20160831_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 svdnd-20160831_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 svdnd-20160831_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

