<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1488419_0001144204-16-134428_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20341081</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>217290</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>2494069</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6581068</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>8422375</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2094549</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>204</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134428.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114174942
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134428
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		130
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sino Agro Food, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001488419
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FISHING, HUNTING & TRAPPING [0900]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54191
		FILM NUMBER:		161996720

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		UNIT 11, 37/F CHINA SHINE PLAZA,
		STREET 2:		NO. 9 LIN HE XI ROAD TIANHE DISTRICT
		CITY:			GUANGZHOU
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			510610
		BUSINESS PHONE:		011 86 6012 2004963

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		UNIT 11, 37/F CHINA SHINE PLAZA,
		STREET 2:		NO. 9 LIN HE XI ROAD TIANHE DISTRICT
		CITY:			GUANGZHOU
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			510610

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134428.txt : 20161121

10-Q
 1
 v451724_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, DC 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

 (Mark One) 

For the quarter ended September
30, 2016  

 OR 

For the transition period from ___________________________ to ___________________________ 

Commission file number:   000-54191   

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.   
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant
as Specified in Its Charter) 

Nevada  
       
      33-1219070   

(State of Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or 
         Organization)  
       
     (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)  

Room 3801, Block A, China Shine Plaza  
          No. 9 Lin He Xi Road  
          Tianhe District, Guangzhou City, P.R.C.   
       
      510610   
 
     (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
       
     (Zip Code)  

(860) 20 22057860  

 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including
Area Code) 

Copies to : 

 Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference LLP 

 61 Broadway, 32 nd  Floor 

 New York, NY10006 

 Attn: Marc Ross, Esq. 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant (1) has fil ed all reports required to be filed by Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x
 No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactiv e
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   
 No  x   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer,   non-accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 
         
     Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
         
     Smaller reporting company 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes   
 No  x   

As of November 14, 2016 there were 21,456,859
shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Page   
 
       PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1. 
      Financial Statements  

Item 2. 
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Plan of Operations  
     1  
 
     Item 3.  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
     53  
 
     Item 4. 
      Controls and Procedures  
     53  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   
     54  
 
     Item 1. 
      Legal Proceedings  
     54  
 
     Item 1A. 
      Risk Factors  
     54  
 
     Item 2. 
      Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     54  
 
     Item 3. 
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
     54  
 
     Item 4. 
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
     54  
 
     Item 5. 
      Other Information  
     54  
 
     Item 6. 
      Exhibits  
     54  
 
       SIGNATURES   
       
     55  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

QUARTERLY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2016  

 (Unaudited) 

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  INDEX TO QUARTERLY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

PAGE   

INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANT S REPORT   
      F-1   

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Unaudited)   
      F-2   

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Unaudited)   
      F-3   

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited)   
      F-4   

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
      F-5 to F-42   

14/F., San Toi Building, 137-139 Connaught Road Central, Hong
Kong.  

  Tel : (852) 2581 7500  

  Fax : (852) 2581 7588  

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 Sino Agro Food, Inc. 

 (Incorporated in the State of Nevada, United States of America) 

INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANT S
REPORT  

We have reviewed the consolidated balance
sheets of Sino Agro Food, Inc. and subsidiaries as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the related consolidated statements
of income and other comprehensive income for the three-month ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the nine-month periods ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, and cash flows for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. This interim financial
information is the responsibility of the company's management. 

We conducted our reviews in accordance with
standards established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. A review of interim financial information consists
principally of applying analytical procedures and making inquiries of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters.
It is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United
States of America, the objective of which is the expression of an opinion regarding the financial information taken as a whole.
Accordingly, we do not express such an opinion. 

Based on our reviews, we are not aware of
any material modifications that should be made to the accompanying interim financial information for it to be in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

/s/ECOVIS  David Yeung Hong Kong    
 
      ECOVIS David Yeung Hong Kong    

Hong Kong   
 
      November 14, 2016   

F- 1  

SINO
AGRO FOOD, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
SHEETS  

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2  

SINO
AGRO FOOD, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF INCOME AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  

F- 3  

SINO
AGRO FOOD, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS  

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4  

SINO
AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

1.      CORPORATE
                                         INFORMATION   

Sino Agro Food, Inc. (the  
 Company    or    SIAF   ) (formerly known as Volcanic Gold, Inc. and A Power Agro Agriculture Development,
Inc.) was incorporated on October 1, 1974 in the State of Nevada, United States of America. 

The Company was engaged in the
mining and exploration business but ceased its mining and exploring business on October 14, 2005. On August 24, 2007, the Company
entered into a Merger and Acquisition Agreement with Capital Award Inc., a Belize corporation (   CA   ) and
its subsidiaries Capital Stage Inc. (   CS   ) and Capital Hero Inc. (   CH   ). Effective the
same date, CA completed a reverse merger transaction with SIAF. SIAF acquired all the outstanding common stock of CA from Capital
Adventure, a shareholder of CA, for 3,232,323 shares of the Company s common stock. 

On August 24, 2007 the Company
changed its name from Volcanic Gold, Inc. to A Power Agro Agriculture Development, Inc. On December 8, 2007, the Company changed
its name to Sino Agro Food, Inc. 

On September 5, 2007, the Company
acquired three existing businesses in the People s Republic of China (the   P.R.C.   ): 

(a)    Hang
                                         Yu Tai Investment Limited (   HYT   ), a company incorporated in Macau,
                                         the owner of 78% equity interest in ZhongXingNongMu Ltd (   ZX   ),
                                         a company incorporated in the P.R.C.;  

(b)  
      Tri-way Industries Limited (   TRW   ), a company
    incorporated in Hong Kong; and   

(c)  
      Macau Eiji Company Limited (   MEIJI  ), a
    company incorporated in Macau, the owner of 75% equity interest in Enping City Juntang Town Hang Sing Tai Agriculture Co.
    Ltd. (   HST   ), a P.R.C. corporate Sino-Foreign joint venture. HST was dissolved in 2010.   

On November 27, 2007, MEIJI and
HST established a corporate Sino - Foreign joint venture, Jiang Men City Heng Sheng Tai Agriculture Development Co. Ltd. ( 
 JHST   ), a company incorporated in the P.R.C. with MEIJI owning a 75% interest and HST owning a 25% interest. 

On November 26, 2008, SIAF established
Pretty Mountain Holdings Limited (   PMH  ), a company incorporated in Hong Kong with an 80% equity interest.
On May 25, 2009, PMH formed a corporate Sino-Foreign joint venture, Qinghai Sanjiang A Power Agriculture Co. Ltd. (   SJAP
  ), incorporated in the P.R.C., of which PMH owns a 45% equity interest. At the time, the remaining 55% equity interest
in SJAP was owned by the following entities: 

Qinghai Province Sanjiang Group Company Limited (English translation)
    (   Qinghai Sanjiang  ), a company incorporated in the P.R.C with major business activities in the agriculture
    industry; and   

Guangzhou City Garwor Company Limited (English translation)
    (   Garwor  ), a company incorporated in the P.R.C., specializing in sales and marketing.   

SJAP is engaged in the business
of manufacturing bio-organic fertilizer, livestock feed and development of other agriculture projects in the County of Huangyuan,
in the vicinity of the Xining City, Qinghai Province, P.R.C. 

In September 2009, the Company
carried out an internal reorganization of its corporate structure and business, and formed a 100% owned subsidiary, A Power Agro
Agriculture Development (Macau) Limited (   APWAM   ), which was formed in Macau. APWAM then acquired PMH s
45% equity interest in SJAP. By virtue of the acquisition, F-8 APWAM assumed all obligations and liabilities of PMH under the
Sino Foreign Joint Venture Agreement. On May 7, 2010, Qinghai Sanjiang sold and transferred its equity interest in SJAP to Garwor.
The State Administration for Industry and Commerce of Xining City Government of the PRC approved the sale and transfer. As a result,
APWAM owned 45% of SJAP and Garwor owned the remaining 55%. This remains the case as of the date of this report (the    Report  ). 

On September 9, 2010, an application
was submitted by the Company to the Companies Registry of Hong Kong for deregistration of PMH under Section 291AA of the Hong
Kong Companies Ordinance. On January 28, 2011, PMH was dissolved. 

F- 5  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

1.      CORPORATE
                                         INFORMATION (CONTINUED)   

On February 15, 2011 and March
29, 2011, the Company entered into an agreement and a memorandum of understanding (an    MOU   ), respectively,
to sell 100% equity interest in HYT group (including HYT and ZX) to Mr. Xin Ming Sun, a director of ZhongXingNong Nu Co., Ltd
for $45,000,000, with effective date of January 1, 2011. 

On February 28, 2011, the Company
applied to form Enping City Bi Tao A Power Prawn Culture Development Co Limited (   EBAPCD   ) , and the Company
would indirectly own a 25% equity interest in future Sino Joint Venture Company (pending approval). 

On February 28, 2011, TRW applied
to form a corporate joint venture, Enping City Bi Tao A Power Fishery Development Co., Limited (   EBAPFD   ),
incorporated in the PRC. TRW owned a 25% equity interest in EBAPFD. On November 17, 2011, TRW formed Jiang Men City A Power Fishery
Development Co., Limited (   JFD   ) in which it acquired a 25% equity interest, while withdrawing its 25% equity
interest in EBAPFD. As of December 31, 2011, the Company had invested for total cash consideration of $1,258,607 in JFD. JFD operates
an indoor fish farm. On January 1, 2012, the Company acquired an additional 25% equity interest in JFD for total cash consideration
of $1,662,365. As of January 1, 2012, the Company had consolidated the assets and operations of JFD. On April 1, 2012, the Company
acquired an additional 25% equity interest in JFD for the total cash consideration of $1,702,580. These acquisitions were at our
option according the terms of the original development agreement. The Company presently owns a 75% equity interest in JFD, representing
majority of voting rights and controls its board of directors. 

On April 15, 2011, MEIJI applied
to form Enping City A Power Cattle Farm Co., Limited (   ECF   ), all of which the Company would indirectly own
a 25% equity interest on November 17, 2011. On January 1, 2012, the Company had invested $1,076,489 in ECF and the amount was
settled in contra against accounts receivable due from ECF. On September 17, 2012 MEIJI formed Jiang Men City Hang Mei Cattle
Farm Development Co., Limited (   JHMC   ) and acquired additional 50% equity interest for the total cash consideration
of $2,944,176 on September 30, 2012 while withdrawing its 25% equity interest in ECF. This acquisition was at our option according
to the terms of the original development agreement. The Company presently owns 75% equity interest in JHMC, representing majority
of voting right and controls its board of directors. As of September 30, 2012, the Company had consolidated the assets and operations
of JHMC. Up to September 30, 2016, total investment in HJMC was $4,420,665. 

On July 18, 2011, the Company formed
Hunan Shenghua A Power Agriculture Co., Limited (   HSA   ), in which the Company owns a 26% equity interest,
and SJAP owns a 50% equity interest with the Chinese partner owning the remaining 24%. As of September 30, 2016, MEIJI and SJAP
total investment in HSA were $857,808 and 629,344, respectively. 

On November 12, 2013, the Company
acquired a shell company, Goldcup9203 AB, incorporated in Sweden, in which the Company owns a 100% equity interest. Goldcup 9203
AB changed its name to Sino Agro Food Sweden AB (publ) (   SAFS   ). As of September 30, 2016, the Company invested
$77,664 in SAFS. 

SJAP formed Qinghai Zhong He Meat
Products Co., Limited (   QZH   ), with SJAP would owning 100% equity interest. On October 25, 2015, both QZH
and new stockholder, Qinghai Quanwang Investment Management Co., Ltd (   QQI   ) contributed additional capital
of $4,157,682 and $769,941, respectively. As of result, SJAP decreased its equity interest from 100% to 85% and QQI owned a 14%
equity interest. As of September 30, 2016, the SJAP s total investment in QZH was $4,645,487. In addition, according to
investment agreement between QZH and QQI, (i) QQI only enjoy interest 6% annually on its capital contribution and did not enjoy
profit distribution; (ii) investment period was 3 years only, and (iii) SJAP shared 100% on profit or loss after deduction 6%
interest to QQI and enjoyed 100% voting rights of QZH s board and stockholders meetings. 

On May 6, 2016, SJAP invested in
30% equity interest in Guangzhou Horan Taita Information Technology Co., Limited (  HTIT  ), a company incorporated
in P.R.C. for $150,806. 

The Company s principal executive
office is located at Room 3801, Block A, China Shine Plaza, No. 9 Lin He Xi Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province,
P.R.C., 510610. 

The nature of the operations and
principal activities of the Company and its subsidiaries are described in Note 2.2. 

2.      SUMMARY
                                         OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

The Company has adopted December
31 as its fiscal year end. 

F- 6  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Name of unconsolidated equity investee  
       
      Place of incorporation  
       
      Percentage of interest  
       
      Principal activities   

Guangzhou Horan Taita Information Technology Co., Limited  
       
      P.R.C.  
       
      30% (12.31.2015: Nil%) indirectly  
       
      Software development   

*  This represents stockholding
percentage of total equity. 

In addition, according to investment
agreement between QZH and QQI, (i) QQI only enjoyed interest 6% annually on its capital contribution and did not enjoy any profit
distribution; (ii) investment period was 3 years only, and (iii) SJAP shared 100% (2015: 100%) on profit or loss after deduction
6% interest to QQI and enjoyed 100% (2015: 100%) voting rights of QZH s board and stockholders meetings. 

F- 7  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

2.      SUMMARY
                                         OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)   

2.3      BASIS
                                         OF PRESENTATION   

The consolidated financial statements
are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (   US GAAP 
 ). 

Reverse stock split and new conversion
rate of Series B preferred stock to share of common stock on December 16, 2014, the Company implemented a 9.9-for-1 reverse stock
split. On December 17, 2014, the Company implemented new conversion rate of 9.9 for 1 share of common stock. All share information
contained within this report, including consolidated balance sheets, consolidated statements of income and other comprehensive
income, and footnotes have been retroactively adjusted for the effects of reverse stock split and new conversion rate of Series
B preferred stock to share of common stock. 

2.4   
       BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION    

The consolidated financial statements
include the financial statements of the Company, its subsidiaries CA, CS, CH, TRW, MEIJI, JHST, JFD, JHMC, HSA, APWAM, SAFS and
its variable interest entity SJAP and QZH. All material inter-company transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 

SIAF, CA, CS, CH, TRW, MEIJI, JHST,
JFD, JHMC, HSA, APWAM, SAFS, SJAP and QZH are hereafter referred to as (the  Company ). 

2.5   
       BUSINESS COMBINATION    

The Company adopted the accounting
pronouncements relating to business combination (primarily contained in ASC Topic 805  Business Combinations ), including
assets acquired and liabilities assumed on arising from contingencies. These pronouncements established principles and requirement
for how the acquirer of a business recognizes and measures in its financial statements the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities
assumed, and any non-controlling interest in the acquisition as well as provides guidance for recognizing and measuring the goodwill
acquired in the business combination and determines what information to disclose to enable users of the financial statements to
evaluate the nature and financial effects of the business combination. In addition, these pronouncements eliminate the distinction
between contractual and non-contractual contingencies, including the initial recognition and measurement criteria and require
an acquirer to develop a systematic and rational basis for subsequently measuring and accounting for acquired contingencies depending
on their nature. The Company s adoption of these pronouncements will have an impact on the manner in which it accounts for
any future acquisitions. 

2.6   
       NON - CONTROLLING INTEREST IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

The Company adopted the accounting
pronouncement on non-controlling interests in consolidated financial statements, which establishes accounting and reporting standards
for the non-controlling interest in a subsidiary and for the deconsolidation of a subsidiary. This guidance is primarily contained
in ASC Topic  Consolidation.  It clarifies that a non-controlling interest in a subsidiary is an ownership interest
in the consolidated financial statements. The adoption of this standard has not had material impact on the Company s consolidated
financial statements. 

The preparation of consolidated
financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make assumptions and estimates that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the consolidated financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods covered thereby. Actual results could
differ from these estimates. Judgments and estimates of uncertainties are required in applying the Company s accounting
policies in certain areas. The following are some of the areas requiring significant judgments and estimates: determinations of
the useful lives of assets, estimates of allowances for doubtful accounts, cash flow and valuation assumptions in performing asset
impairment tests of long-lived assets, estimates of the realization of deferred tax assets and inventory reserves. 

F- 8  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

2.      SUMMARY
                                         OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)   

2.8      REVENUE
                                         RECOGNITION   

The Company s
revenue recognition policies are in compliance with ASC 605. Sales revenue is recognized when all of the following have occurred:
(i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, (iii) the price is
fixed or determinable, and (iv) the ability to collect is reasonably assured. These criteria are generally satisfied at the time
of shipment when risk of loss and title passes to the customer. 

Government grants
are recognized when (i) the Company has substantially accomplished what must be done pursuant to the terms of the grant that are
established by the local government; and (ii) the Company receives notification from the local government that the Company has
satisfied all of the requirements to receive the government grants; and (iii) the amounts are received. 

Multiple-Element
Arrangements 

To qualify as a
separate unit of accounting under ASC 605-25    Multiple Element Arrangements   , the delivered item must have
value to the customer on a standalone basis. The significant deliverables under the Company s multiple-element arrangements
are consulting and service under development contract, commission and management service. 

Revenues from the
Company s consulting and services under development contracts are performed under fixed-price contracts. Revenues under
long-term contracts are accounted for under the percentage-of-completion method of accounting in accordance with the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (   FASB   ) Accounting Standards Codification (   ASC   ) Topic
605,  Revenue Recognition  ( ASC 605 ). Under the percentage-of-completion method, the Company estimates profit
as the difference between total estimated revenue and total estimated cost of a contract and recognize that profit over the contract
term. The percentage of costs incurred determines the amount of revenue to be recognized. Payment terms are generally defined
by the installation contract and as a result may not match the timing of the costs incurred by the Company and the related recognition
of revenue. Such differences are recorded as either costs or estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts
or billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts. The Company determines a customer s credit
worthiness at the time an order is accepted. Sudden and unexpected changes in a customer s financial condition could put
recoverability at risk. 

The percentage of
completion method requires the ability to estimate several factors, including the ability of the customer to meet its obligations
under the contract, including the payment of amounts when due. If the Company determines that collectability is not assured, the
Company will defer revenue recognition and use methods of accounting for the contract such as the completed contract method until
such time as the Company determines that collectability is reasonably assured or through the completion of the project. 

For fixed-price
contracts, the Company uses the ratio of costs incurred to date on the contract to management s estimate of the contract s
total costs, to determine the percentage of completion on each contract. This method is used as management considers expended
costs to be the best available measure of progression of these contracts. Contract costs include all direct material, subcontract
and labor costs and those indirect costs related to contract performance, such as supplies, tool repairs and depreciation. The
Company accounts for maintenance and repair services under the guidance of ASC 605 as the services provided relate to construction
work. Contract costs incurred to date and expected total contract costs are continuously monitored during the term of the contract.
Changes in job performance, job conditions, and estimated profitability arising from contract penalty, change orders and final
contract settlements may result in revisions to the estimated profit ability during the contract. These changes, which include
contracts with estimated costs in excess of estimated revenues, are recognized as contract costs in the period in which the revisions
are determined. Profit incentives are included in revenues when their realization is reasonably assured. At the point the Company
anticipates a loss on a contract, the Company estimates the ultimate loss through completion and recognizes that loss in the period
in which the loss was identified. 

The Company does
not provide warranties to customers on a basis customary to the industry, however, customers can claim warranty directly from
product manufacturers for defects in equipment or products. Historically, the Company has experienced no warranty claims. 

The Company provides
various management services to its customers in the P.R.C. based on a negotiated fixed-price contract. The clients usually pay
the fees when the services contract is signed and services are rendered. The Company recognizes these services-based revenues
from contracts when (i) management services are rendered; (ii) clients recognize the completion of services; and (iii) collectability
is reasonably assured. Fees received in advance are recorded as deferred revenue under current liabilities. 

F- 9  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

2.      SUMMARY
                                         OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)   

2.9      COST
                                         OF GOODS SOLD AND COST OF SERVICES   

Cost of goods sold consists primarily
of direct purchase cost of merchandise goods, and related levies. Cost of services consist primarily direct cost and indirect
cost incurred to date for development contracts and provision for anticipated losses for development contracts. 

Shipping and handling costs related
to cost of goods sold are included in general and administrative expenses, which totaled $2,988, $1,260, $17,272 and $9,952 for
the three months and the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Advertising costs are included
in general and administrative expenses, which totaled $382,596, $712,614, $1,163,547 and $1,421,458 for the three months ended
and the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

2.12   
       RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES    

Research and development expenses
are included in general and administrative expenses, which totaled $0, $549,020, $0 and $549,020 for the three months ended and
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

2.13   
       FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME    

The reporting currency of the Company
is the U.S. dollars. The functional currency of the Company is the Chinese Renminbi (RMB). 

For those entities whose functional
currency is other than the U.S. dollars, all assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate on the
balance sheet date; shareholders  equity is translated at historical rates and items in the statements of income and of
cash flows are translated at the average rate for the period. Because cash flows are translated based on the average translation
rate, amounts related to assets and liabilities reported in the statements of cash flows will not necessarily agree with changes
in the corresponding balances in the balance sheets. Translation adjustments resulting from this process are included in accumulated
other comprehensive income in the statements of shareholders  equity. Transaction gains and losses that arise from exchange
rate fluctuations on transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency are included in the statements
of income and comprehensive income, as incurred. 

Accumulated other comprehensive
income in the consolidated statement of shareholders  equity amounted to $(2,584,868) as of September 30, 2016 and $1,427,638
as of December 31, 2015. The balance sheet amounts with the exception of equity as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015
were translated using an exchange rate of RMB 6.68 to $1.00 and RMB 6.49 to $1.00, respectively. The average translation rates
applied to the statements of income and other comprehensive income and of cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015 were RMB 6.58 to $1.00 and RMB 6.11 to $1.00, respectively. 

The Company considers all highly
liquid securities with original maturities of three months or less when acquired to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents
kept with financial institutions in the P.R.C. are not insured or otherwise protected. Should any of those institutions holding
the Company s cash become insolvent, or should the Company become unable to withdraw funds for any reason, the Company could
lose the cash on deposit with that institution. 

The Company maintains reserves
for potential credit losses on accounts receivable. Management reviews the composition of accounts receivable and analyzes historical
bad debts, customer concentrations, customer credit worthiness, current economic trends and changes in customer payment patterns
to evaluate the adequacy of these reserves. Reserves are recorded primarily on a specific identification basis. 

The standard credit period for
most of the Company s clients is three months for sale of goods and commission income and six months for consulting and
service income from development contracts. The collection period over 1 year is classified as long-term accounts receivable. Management
evaluates the collectability of the receivables at least quarterly. Provision for doubtful accounts as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 are $0. 

F- 10  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

2.      SUMMARY
                                         OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)   

Inventories are valued at the lower
of cost (determined on a weighted average basis) and net realizable value. Costs incurred in bringing each product to its location
and conditions are accounted for as follows: 

(a)    raw
                                         materials - purchase cost on a weighted average basis;  

(b)  
      manufactured finished goods and work-in-progress - cost of direct
    materials and labor and a proportion of manufacturing overhead based on normal operation capacity but excluding borrowing
    costs; and   

(c)  
      retail and wholesale merchandise finished goods - purchase cost
    on a weighted average basis.   

Net realizable value is the estimated
selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs for completion and the estimated costs necessary to make
the sale. 

Plant and equipment are stated
at cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. Such costs include the cost of replacing parts that
are eligible for capitalization when the cost of replacing the parts is incurred. Similarly, when each major inspection is performed,
its cost is recognized in the carrying amount of the plant and equipment as a replacement only if it is eligible for capitalization.
The assets  residual values, useful lives and depreciation methods are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at each financial
year end. 

Depreciation is calculated on a
straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. 

An item of plant and equipment
is removed from the accounts upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of
the asset. Any gain or loss arising on disposal of the asset (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and
the carrying amount of the item) is included in the consolidated statements of income in the period the item is disposed. 

Goodwill is an asset representing
the fair economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified or
separately recognized. Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis at the end of the Company s fiscal year, or
when impairment indicators arise. The Company uses a fair-value-based approach to test for impairment at the level of each reporting
unit. The Company directly acquired MEIJI, which is the holding company of JHST that operates the Hu Plantation. As a result of
this acquisition, the Company recorded goodwill in the amount of $724,940. This goodwill represents the fair value of the assets
acquired in these acquisitions over the cost of the assets acquired. 

On October 29, 2014, the Company
invested in Huangyuan County Rural Credit Union ( RCU ), Huangyuan County , Xining City, Qinghai Province, the P.R.C.
RCU is engaged in the financing and crediting business to agricultural projects for local farmers. The Company has a 5% equity
stake in RCU. The Company has no representative on the board of directors to oversee corporate operations. The Company accounts
for its long term investment at cost. 

F- 11  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

2.      SUMMARY
                                         OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)   

A master license of stock feed
manufacturing technology was acquired and the costs of acquisition are capitalized as proprietary technologies when technological
feasibility has been established. Cost of acquisition of stock feed manufacturing technology master license is amortized using
the straight-line method over its estimated life of 20 years. 

An aromatic cattle-feeding formula
was acquired and the costs of acquisition are capitalized as proprietary technologies when technological feasibility has been
established. Cost of acquisition on aromatic cattle-feeding formula is amortized using the straight-line method over its estimated
life of 25 years. 

The cost of sleepy cods breeding
technology license is capitalized as proprietary technologies when technological feasibility has been established. Cost of granting
sleepy cods breeding technology license is amortized using the straight-line method over its estimated life of 25 years. 

Bacterial cellulose technology
license and related trade mark are capitalized as proprietary technologies when technological feasibility has been established.
Cost of license and related trade mark is amortized using the straight-line method over its estimated life of 20 years. 

The Company has determined that
technological feasibility is established at the time a working model of products is completed. Proprietary technologies are intangible
assets of finite lives. Management evaluates the recoverability of proprietary technologies on an annual basis at the end of the
Company s fiscal year, or when impairment indicators arise. As required by ASC Topic 350  Intangible - Goodwill and
Other , the Company uses a fair-value-based approach to test for impairment. 

Construction in progress represents
direct costs of construction as well as acquisition and design fees incurred. Capitalization of these costs ceases and the construction
in progress is transferred to property and equipment when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for
their intended use are completed. No depreciation is provided until construction is completed and the asset is ready for its intended
use. 

Land use rights represent acquisition
of rights to agricultural land from farmers and are amortized on the straight-line basis over their respective lease periods.
The lease period of agricultural land is in the range from 10 to 60 years. Land use rights purchase prices were determined in
accordance with the P.R.C. Government s minimum lease payments on agricultural land and mutually agreed to terms between
the Company and the vendors. 

Investee entities in which the
company can exercise significant influence, but not control, are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Under the
equity method of accounting, the company s share of the earnings or losses of these companies is included in net income.
A loss in value of an investment that is other than a temporary decline is recognized as a charge to operations. Evidence of a
loss in value might include, but would not necessarily be limited to absence of an ability to recover the carrying amount of the
investment or inability of the investee to sustain an earnings capacity that would justify the carrying amount of the investment.  

A corporation formed, owned, and
operated by two or more businesses as a separate and discrete business or project (venture) for their mutual benefit is considered
to be a corporate joint venture. Investee entities, in which the Company can exercise significant influence, but not control,
are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Under the equity method of accounting, the Company s share of the
earnings or losses of these companies is included in net income. 

A loss in value of an investment
that is other than a temporary decline is recognized as a charge to operations. Evidence of a loss in value might include, but
would not necessarily be limited to, the absence of an ability to recover the carrying amount of the investment or inability of
the investee to sustain an earnings capacity that would justify the carrying amount of the investment. 

F- 12  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

2.      SUMMARY
                                         OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)   

A variable interest entity ( 
 VIE   ) is an entity (investee) in which the investor has obtained less than a majority interest, according to the
Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB). A VIE is subject to consolidation if a VIE meets one of the following three criteria
as elaborated in ASC Topic 810-10, Consolidation: 

(a)  equity-at-risk is not sufficient to support the entity s
                                         activities;   

(b)  as a group, the equity-at-risk holders cannot control the
                                         entity; or   

(c)  the economics do not coincide with the voting interest.   

If a firm is the primary beneficiary
of a VIE, the holdings must be disclosed on the balance sheet. The primary beneficiary is defined as the person or company with
the majority of variable interests. A corporation formed, owned, and operated by two or more businesses (ventures) as a separate
and discrete business or project (venture) for their mutual benefit is defined as a joint venture. 

Treasury stock means shares of
a corporation s own stock that have been issued and subsequently reacquired by the corporation. Converting outstanding shares
to treasury shares does not reduce the number of shares issued but does reduce the number of shares outstanding. These shares
are not eligible to receive dividends. Accounting for excesses and deficiencies on treasury stock transactions is governed by
ASC 505-30-30. 

State laws and federal agencies
closely regulate transactions involving a company s own capital stock, so the purchase of outstanding shares must have a
legitimate purpose. Some of the most common reasons for purchasing outstanding shares are as follows: 

(a)  to meet additional stock needs for various reasons, including
                                         newly implemented stock option plans, stock for convertible bonds or convertible preferred
                                         stock, or a stock dividend.   

(b)  to make more shares available for acquisitions of other entities.   

The cost method of accounting for
treasury shares has been adopted by the Company. The purchase of outstanding shares and thus converting them into treasury shares
is treated as a temporary reduction in shareholders  equity in view of the expectation to reissue the shares instead of
retiring them. When the Company reissues the treasury shares, the temporary account is eliminated. The cost of acquiring outstanding
shares for converting into treasury shares is charged to a contra account, in this case a contra equity account that reduces the
stockholder equity balance. 

The Company accounts for income
taxes under the provisions of ASC Topic 740  Accounting for Income Taxes.  Under ASC Topic 740, deferred tax assets
and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets
and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect in the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. 

The provision for income tax is
based on the results for the year as adjusted for items, which are non-assessable or disallowed. It is calculated using tax rates
that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date. Deferred tax is accounted for using the balance sheet
liability method in respect of temporary differences arising from differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities
in the financial statements and the corresponding tax basis used in the computation of assessable tax profit. In principle, deferred
tax liabilities are recognized for all taxable temporary differences, and deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that
it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which deductible temporary differences can be utilized. 

Deferred income taxes are calculated
at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realized or the liability is settled. Deferred tax
is charged or credited in the income statement, except when it related to items credited or charged directly to equity, in which
case the deferred tax is also dealt with in equity. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when they relate to income
taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Company intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net
basis. 

ASC Topic 740 also prescribes a
more-likely-than-not threshold for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken, or for one expected
to be taken, in a tax return. ASC Topic 740 also provides guidance related to, among other things, classification, accounting
for interest and penalties associated with tax positions, and disclosure requirements. Any interest and penalties accrued related
to unrecognized tax benefits will be recorded as tax expense.  

F- 13  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

2.      SUMMARY
                                         OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)   

The Company s operations
are carried out in the P.R.C. Accordingly, the political, economic and legal environment in the P.R.C. may influence the Company s
business, financial condition and results of operations by the general state of the P.R.C. s economy. The Company s
operations in the P.R.C. are subject to specific considerations and significant risks not typically associated with companies
in North America and Western Europe. The Company s results may be adversely affected by changes in governmental policies
with respect to laws and regulations, anti-inflationary measures, currency conversion and remittance abroad, and rates and methods
of taxation, among other things. 

Cash includes cash at banks and
demand deposits in accounts maintained with banks within the P.R.C. Total cash in these banks as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015 amounted to $8,984,093 and $7,022,695, respectively, none of which is covered by insurance. The Company has not experienced
any losses in such accounts and believes it is not exposed to any risks to its cash in bank accounts. 

The Company had 5 major customers
(A, B, C, D   E) whose business individually represented the following percentages of the Company s total revenue for
the year indicated: 

Accounts receivable
are derived from revenue earned from customers located primarily in the P.R.C. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations
of customers and has not experienced any material losses to date. 

The Company had 5 major customers
whose accounts receivable balance individually represented the following percentages of the Company s total accounts receivable: 

As of September 30, 2016 amounts
due from customers A, B and C are $30,315,653, $24,001,497 and $13,739,740, respectively. The Company has not experienced any
significant difficulty in collecting its accounts receivable in the past and is not aware of any financial difficulties of its
major customers. 

F- 14  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

2.      SUMMARY
                                         OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)   

2.30      IMPAIRMENT
                                         OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS   

In accordance with ASC Topic 360,
 Property, Plant and Equipment,  long-lived assets to be held and used are analyzed for impairment whenever events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. The Company reviews the carrying
amount of its long-lived assets, including intangibles, for impairment, during each reporting period. An asset is considered impaired
when estimated future cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset. In the event the carrying amount of such asset
is considered not recoverable, the asset is adjusted to its fair value. Fair value is generally determined based on discounted
future cash flow. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company determined no impairment losses were necessary. 

As prescribed in ASC Topic 260
   Earnings per Share,    Basic Earnings per Share (   EPS   ) is computed by dividing net income
available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common stock shares outstanding during the year. Diluted EPS
is computed by dividing net income available to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common stock shares outstanding
during the year plus potential dilutive instruments such as stock options and warrants. The effect of stock options on diluted
EPS is determined through the application of the treasury stock method, whereby proceeds received by the Company based on assumed
exercises are hypothetically used to repurchase the Company s common stock at the average market price during the period. 

ASC 260-10-55 requires that stock
dividends or stock splits be accounted for retroactively if the stock dividends or stock splits occur during the year, or retroactively
if the stock dividends or stock splits occur after the end of the period but before the release of the financial statements, by
considering it outstanding of the entirety of each period presented. Dilution is computed by applying the treasury stock method.
Under this method, options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance,
if later), and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the year. 

For the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, basic earnings per share attributable to Sino Agro Food, Inc. and subsidiaries  common stockholders
amount to $1.04 and $1.14 respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, diluted earnings per share attributable
to Sino Agro Food, Inc. and its subsidiaries  common stockholders amounted to $0.95 and $1.14, respectively. 

For the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, basic earnings per share attributable to Sino Agro Food, Inc. and subsidiaries  common stockholders amount
to $2.45 and $3.02 respectively. For the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, diluted earnings per share attributable
to Sino Agro Food, Inc. and its subsidiaries  common stockholders amounted to $2.24 and $3.02, respectively. 

2.32   
       ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME    

ASC Topic 220   Comprehensive
Income   establishes standards for reporting and displaying comprehensive income and its components in financial statements.
Comprehensive income is defined as the change in stockholders  equity of a business enterprise during a period from transactions
and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources. The comprehensive income for all periods presented includes both the
reported net income and net change in cumulative translation adjustments. 

P.R.C. state managed retirement
benefit programs are defined contribution plans and the payments to the plans are charged as expenses when employees have rendered
service entitling them to the contribution made by the employer. 

The Company has adopted both ASC
Topic 718,  Compensation - Stock Compensation  and ASC Topic 505-50,  Equity-Based Payments to Non - Employees 
using the fair value method in which an entity issues its equity instruments to acquire goods and services from employees and
non-employees. Stock compensation for stock granted to non-employees has been determined in accordance with this accounting standard
and the accounting standard regarding accounting for equity instruments that are issued to other than employees for acquiring,
or in conjunction with selling goods or services, as the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of equity
instruments issued, whichever is more reliably measured. This accounting standard allows the  simplified  method to
determine the term of employee options when other information is not available. Under ASC Topic 718 and ASC Topic 505-50, stock
compensation expenses is measured at the grant date on the value of the option or restricted stock and is recognized as expenses,
less expected forfeitures, over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period. 

F- 15  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

2.      SUMMARY
                                         OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)   

2.35   
       FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS    

The Company follows paragraph 825-10-50-10
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for disclosures about fair value of its financial instruments and paragraph 820-10-35-37
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( Paragraph 820-10-35-37 ) to measure the fair value of its financial
instruments. Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a framework for measuring fair value under U.S. GAAP, and expands disclosures
about fair value measurements. To increase consistency and comparability in fair value measurements and related disclosures, Paragraph
820-10-35-37 establishes a fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value
into three (3) broad levels. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets
for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. The three (3) levels of fair value hierarchy
defined by Paragraph 820-10-35-37 are described below: 

Level 1  Quoted market
                                         prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting
                                         date. 

Level 2  Pricing
                                         inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either
                                         directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date. 

Level 3  Pricing
                                         inputs that are generally observable inputs and not corroborated by market data. 

The carrying amounts of the Company s
financial assets and liabilities, such as cash and accrued expenses, approximate their fair values because of the short maturity
of these instruments. The Company does not have any assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring or a non-recurring
basis, consequently, the Company did not have any fair value adjustments for assets and liabilities measured at fair value as
of September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015, nor gains or losses are reported in the statements of income and comprehensive income
that are attributable to the change in unrealized gains or losses relating to those assets and liabilities still held at the reporting
date for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. 

2.36   
       NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS    

The Company does not expect any
recent accounting pronouncements to have a material effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations, or
cash flows. 

In January 2015, FASB issued ASU
No. 2015-01,  Income Statement Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20): Simplifying Income Statement Presentation
by Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items . This Update eliminates from GAAP the concept of extraordinary items. The
amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December
15, 2015. A reporting entity may apply the amendments prospectively. A reporting entity also may apply the amendments retrospectively
to all prior periods presented in the financial statements. Early adoption is permitted provided that the guidance is applied
from the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU 2015-01 to have material impact
on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2015, the FASB issued
Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2015-02,  Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation
Analysis.  The new consolidation standard changes the way reporting enterprises evaluate whether (a) they should consolidate
limited partnerships and similar entities, (b) fees paid to a decision maker or service provider are variable interests in a variable
interest entity ( VIE ), and (c) variable interests in a VIE held by related parties of the reporting enterprise require
the reporting enterprise to consolidate the VIE. The guidance is effective for public business entities for annual and interim
periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is allowed, including early adoption in an interim period.
A reporting entity may apply a modified retrospective approach by recording a cumulative-effect adjustment to equity as of the
beginning of the fiscal year of adoption or may apply the amendments retrospectively. The adoption of ASU 2015-02 did not have
a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In April 2015, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2015-03, which simplifies presentation
of debt issuance costs. The amendments in this update require that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability
be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt
discounts. ASU No. 2015-03 will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, with early adoption permitted.
The adoption of ASU 2015-03 did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued
Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-17,  Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes  (ASU
2015-17), which simplifies the presentation of deferred income taxes by requiring deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified
as noncurrent on the balance sheet. The updated standard is effective for us beginning on January 1, 2017 with early application
permitted as of the beginning of any interim or annual reporting period. The adoption of ASU 2015-17 did not have a material impact
on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

F- 16  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

2.      SUMMARY
                                         OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)   

2.36   
       NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS (CONTINUED)    

In February 2016, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842)  (ASU 2016-02),
which generally requires companies to recognize operating and financing lease liabilities and corresponding right-of-use assets
on the balance sheet. This guidance will be effective for us in the first quarter of 2019 on a modified retrospective basis and
early adoption is permitted. We are still evaluating the effect that this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements
and related disclosures. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued
Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations
(Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)  (ASU 2016-08) which clarifies the implementation guidance on principal versus agent
considerations. The guidance includes indicators to assist an entity in determining whether it controls a specified good or service
before it is transferred to the customers. This guidance will be effective for us in the first quarter of 2018, with the option
to adopt it in the first quarter of 2017. We are still evaluating the effect that this guidance will have on our consolidated
financial statements and related disclosures. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued
Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-09,  Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvement to Employee Share-based
Payment Accounting  (ASU 2016-09) to simplify the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income
tax consequences, an option to recognize gross share-based compensation expense with actual forfeitures recognized as they occur,
as well as certain classifications on the statement of cash flows. This guidance will be effective for us in the first quarter
of 2017, and early adoption is permitted. We are still evaluating the effect that this guidance will have on our consolidated
financial statements and related disclosures. 

Other accounting standards that
have been issued or proposed by FASB that do not require adoption until a future date are not expected to have a material impact
on the consolidated financial statements upon adoption. 

F- 17  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

3.      SEGMENT
                                         INFORMATION   

The Company establishes standards
for reporting information about operating segments on a basis consistent with the Company s internal organization structure
as well as business segments and major customers in consolidated financial statements. The Company operates in five principal
reportable segments: Fishery Development Division, HU Plantation Division, Organic Fertilizer and Bread Grass Division, Cattle
Farm Development Division and Corporate and Others Division. No geographic information is required as all revenue and assets are
located in the P.R.C. 

F- 18  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

3.      SEGMENT
                                         INFORMATION (CONTINUED)   

Note 

(1)  
      Operated by Capital Award, Inc. ( CA ) and Jiang
    Men City A Power Fishery Development Co., Limited ( JFD ).   

(2)  
      Operated by Jiang Men City Heng Sheng Tai Agriculture Development
    Co., Limited ( JHST ).   

(3)  
      Operated by Qinghai Sanjiang A Power Agriculture Co., Limited
    ( SJAP ), Qinghai Zhong He Meat Products Co., Limited ( QZH ), A Power Agro Agriculture Development
    (Macau) Limited ( APWAM ), and Hunan Shenghua A Power Agriculture Co., Limited ( HSA ).   

(4)  
      Operated by Jiang Men City Hang Mei Cattle Farm Development
    Co. Limited ( JHMC ) and Macau Eiji Company Limited ( MEIJI ).   

(5)  
      Operated by Sino Agro Food, Inc. ( SIAF ) and Sino
    Agro Food Sweden AB (publ) ( SAFS ).   

F- 19  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

3.      SEGMENT
                                         INFORMATION (CONTINUED)   

Further analysis of revenue:- 

F- 20  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

3.      SEGMENT
                                         INFORMATION (CONTINUED)   

Further analysis of revenue (Continued):- 

F- 21  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

3.      SEGMENT
                                         INFORMATION (CONTINUED)   

Further analysis of revenue:- 

F- 22  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

3.      SEGMENT
                                         INFORMATION (CONTINUED)   

Further analysis of revenue (Continued):- 

F- 23  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

3.      SEGMENT
                                         INFORMATION (CONTINUED)   

Further analysis of cost of goods
sold and cost of services:- 

COST OF GOODS SOLD 

COST OF SERVICES 

F- 24  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

3.      SEGMENT
                                         INFORMATION (CONTINUED)   

Further analysis of cost of goods
sold and cost of services (Continued):- 

COST OF GOODS SOLD 

COST OF SERVICES 

F- 25  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

3.      SEGMENT
                                         INFORMATION (CONTINUED)   

Further analysis of cost of goods
sold and cost of services:- 

COST OF GOODS SOLD 

COST OF SERVICES 

F- 26  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  FOR THE SIX MONTHS
ENDED JUNE 30, 2016 AND 2015  

3.      SEGMENT
                                         INFORMATION (CONTINUED)   

Further analysis of cost of goods
sold and cost of services:- 

COST OF GOODS SOLD 

COST OF SERVICES   

F- 27  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

4.      INCOME
                                         TAXES   

United States of America 

The Company was incorporated in
the State of Nevada, in the United States of America. The Company has no trading operations in United States of America and no
U.S. corporate tax has been provided for in the consolidated financial statements of the Company. 

Undistributed Earnings of Foreign
Subsidiaries 

The Company intends to use the
remaining accumulated and future earnings of foreign subsidiaries to expand operations outside the United States and accordingly,
undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries are considered to be indefinitely reinvested outside the United States and no provision
for U.S. Federal and State income tax or applicable dividend distribution tax has been provided thereon. 

The Company appointed US tax professionals
to assist in filing income tax returns for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 in compliance with US Treasury Internal
Revenue Code and we had already filed our 2014 and 2013 Tax returns with the Internal Revenue Service (   IRS  )
of USA Government. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company
reviewed its tax position with the assistance US tax professionals and believed that there would be no taxes and no penalties
assessed by the IRS in the United States of America. 

China 

Beginning January 1, 2008, the
new Enterprise Income Tax (   EIT   ) law replaced the existing laws for Domestic Enterprises (   DE s
  ) and Foreign Invested Enterprises (   FIE s   ). The new standard EIT rate of 25% replaced
the 33% rate currently applicable to both DE s and FIE s. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the
new EIT will have on its financial condition. Beginning January 1, 2008, China unified the corporate income tax rule on foreign
invested enterprises and domestic enterprises. The unified corporate income tax rate is 25%. 

Under new tax legislation in China
beginning in January 2008, the agriculture, dairy and fishery sectors are exempt from enterprise income taxes. 

No EIT has been provided in the
financial statements of SIAF, CA, JHST, JHMC, JFD, HSA, SJAP and QZH since they are exempt from EIT for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 as they are within the agriculture, dairy and fishery sectors. 

Belize 

CA, CS and CH are international
business companies incorporated in Belize, and are exempt from corporate tax in Belize. 

Hong Kong 

No Hong Kong profits tax has been
provided in the consolidated financial statements of TRW, since these entities did not earn any assessable profits arising in
Hong Kong for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and 2015. 

Macau 

No Macau Corporate income tax has
been provided in the consolidated financial statements of APWAM and MEIJI since these entities did not earn any assessable profits
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Sweden 

No Sweden Corporate income tax
has been provided in the consolidated financial statements of SAFS since SAFS did not earn any profits for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

No deferred tax assets and liabilities
are of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 since there was no difference between the financial statements carrying amounts
and the tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect in the period in which the differences are expected
to reverse. 

Provision for income taxes is as
follows: 

The Company did not recognize any
interest or penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The Company had
no uncertain positions that would necessitate recording of tax related liability. The Company is subject to examination by the
respective tax authorities. 

F- 28  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

5.      CASH
                                         AND CASH EQUIVALENTS   

6.      INVENTORIES   

As of September 30, 2016, inventories are as follows: 

7.      DEPOSITS
                                         AND PREPAYMENTS   

8.      ACCOUNTS
                                         RECEIVABLE   

The Company has performed an analysis
on all of its accounts receivable and determined that all amounts are collectible by the Company. As such, all accounts receivable
are reflected as a current asset and no allowance for bad debt has been recorded as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.
Bad debts written off for the three months and the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and 2015 are $0. 

Aging analysis of accounts receivable is as follows: 

F- 29  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

9.      OTHER
                                         RECEIVABLES   

Advanced to employees, suppliers,
customers and developers are unsecured, interest free and with no fixed terms of repayment. 

The Company entered friendly loan
agreements with suppliers, customers and developers to assist them to procure project loans. 

Depreciation expense was $1,142,872,
$538,147, $3,406,801 and $2,145,020 for the three months ended and the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

11.      CONSTRUCTION
                                         IN PROGRESS   

Private ownership of agricultural
land is not permitted in the P.R.C. Instead, the Company has leased seven lots of land. The cost of the first lot of land use
rights acquired in 2007 in Guangdong Province, the P.R.C. was $6,408,289 and consists of 180.23 acres with the lease expiring
in 2067. The cost of the second lot of land use rights acquired in 2008 in Guangdong Province, the P.R.C. was $764,128, which
consists of 31.84 acres with the lease expiring in 2068. The cost of the third lot of land use rights acquired in 2011 was $12,040,571,
which consists of 79.48 acres in Guangdong Province, the P.R.C. with the lease expires in 2037. The cost of the fourth lot of
land use rights acquired in 2011 was $35,405,750 which consisted of 287.21 acres in the Hunan Province, the P.R.C. and the leases
expire in 2051, 2054 and 2071. The cost of the fifth lot of land use rights acquired in 2012 was $528,240 which consisted of 21.09
acres in Qinghai Province, the P.R.C. and the lease expires in 2051. The cost of the sixth lot of land use rights acquired in
2013 was $489,904 which consisted of 6.27 acres in Guangdong Province, the P.R.C. and the lease expires in 2023. The cost of the
seventh lot of land use rights acquired in 2014 was $4,453,665 which consisted of 33.28 acres in Guangdong Province, the P.R.C.
and the lease expires in 2044. 

F- 30  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

12.      LAND
                                         USE RIGHTS (CONTINUED)   

Land use rights are amortized on
the straight-line basis over their respective lease periods. The lease period of agriculture land is 30 to 60 years. Amortization
of land use rights was $361,634, $276,988, $1,053,688 and $1,074,539 for the three months and the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Goodwill represents the fair value
of the assets acquired the acquisitions over the cost of the assets acquired. It is stated at cost less accumulated impairment
losses. Management tests goodwill for impairment on an annual basis or when impairment indicators arise. In these instances, the
Company recognizes an impairment loss when it is probable that the estimated cash flows are less than the carrying value of the
assets. To date, no such impairment loss has been recorded. 

14.      PROPRIETARY
                                         TECHNOLOGIES   

By an agreement dated November
12, 2008, TRW acquired an enzyme technology master license, registered under a Chinese patent, for the manufacturing of livestock
feed and bioorganic fertilizer and its related labels for $8,000,000. On March 6, 2012, MEIJI acquired an aromatic-feed formula
technology for the production of aromatic cattle for $1,500,000. On October 1, 2013, SIAF was granted a license to exploit sleepy
cods breeding technology to grow out of sleepy cods for $2,270,968 for 50 years. SJAP booked bacterial cellulose technology license
and related trademark for $2,119,075 and amortized expenditures for 20 years starting from January 1, 2014. 

Amortization of proprietary technologies
was $145,055, $141,438, $429,937 and $438,887 for the three months and the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
No impairments of proprietary technologies have been identified for the three months and the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015.  

15.      INVESTMENT
                                         IN UNCONSOLIDATED EQUITY INVESTEE   

On May 6, 2016, SJAP invested in
30% equity interest in Guangzhou Horan Taita Information Technology Co., Limited (  HTIT  ), a company incorporated
in P.R.C. for $150,806. 

F- 31  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

16.      LONG
                                         TERM INVESTMENT   

17.      TEMPORARY
                                         DEPOSITS PAID TO ENTITIES FOR EQUITY INVESTMENTS IN FUTURE SINO JOINT VENTURE COMPANIES   

The Company made temporary deposits
paid to entities for equity investments in future Sino Joint Venture companies ( SJVCs ) engaged in projects development
of trade and seafood centers, fish, prawns and cattle farms. Such temporary deposits represented as deposits of the respective
consideration required for the purchase of equity stakes of respective future SJVCs. The amounts were classified as temporary
because legal procedures of formation of SJVCs have not yet been completed. As of September 30, 2016, the percentages of equity
stakes of A (trade and seafood centers), B ( fish farm 2 GaoQiqiang Aquaculture Farm ), C (prawn farm 1), D (pawn farm 2) and
E (cattle farm 2) are 31%, 23%, 56%, 29% and 35% respectively. 

*     The
                                         above amounts were subject to conversion to an additional equity investment in the investees
                                         upon the completion of legal procedures of formation of SJVCs.  

18.      VARIABLE
                                         INTEREST ENTITY   

On September 28, 2009, APWAM acquired
the PMH s 45% equity interest in the Sino-Foreign joint venture company, Qinghai Sanjiang A Power Agriculture Co. Limited
(   SJAP   ), which was incorporated in the P.R.C. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has invested $2,251,359
in this joint venture. SJAP is engaged in its business of the manufacturing of organic fertilizer, livestock feed, and beef cattle
and plantation of crops and pastures. 

Continuous assessment of the VIE relationship with
SJAP  

The Company may also have a controlling
financial interest in an entity through an arrangement that does not involve voting interests, such as a VIE. The Company evaluates
entities deemed to be VIE s using a risk and reward model to determine whether to consolidate. A VIE is an entity (1) that
has total equity at risk that is not sufficient to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from
other entities, (2) where the group of equity holders does not have the power to direct the activities of the entity that most
significantly impact the entity s economic performance, or the obligation to absorb the entity s expected losses or
the right to receive the entity s expected residual returns, or both, or (3) where the voting rights of some investors are
not proportional to their obligations to absorb the expected losses of the entity, their rights to receive the expected residual
returns of the entity, or both, and substantially all of the entity s activities either involve or are conducted on behalf
of an investor that has disproportionately fewer voting rights. 

F- 32  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

18.      VARIABLE
                                         INTEREST ENTITY (CONTINUED)   

The Company also quantitatively
and qualitatively examined if SJAP is considered a VIE. Qualitative analyses considered the extent to which the nature of its
variable interest exposed the Company to losses. For quantitative analyses, the Company also used internal cash flow models to
determine if SJAP was a VIE and, if so, whether the Company was the primary beneficiary. The projection of these cash flows and
probabilities thereof requires significant managerial judgment because of the inherent limitations that relate to the use of historical
data for the projection of future events. On September 30, 2016, the Company evaluated the above VIE testing results and concluded
that the Company is the primary beneficiary of SJAP s expected losses or residual returns and that SJAP qualifies as a VIE
of the Company. As result, the Company has consolidated SJAP as a VIE. 

The reasons for the SJAP qualified
as a VIE are as follows: 

Originally,
                                         the board of directors of SJAP consisted of 7 members; 3 appointees from Qinghai Sanjiang
                                         (one stockholder), 1 from Garwor (one stockholder), and 3 from the Company, such that
                                         the Company did not have majority interest represented on the board of directors of SJAP.  

On May 7, 2010, Qinghai Sanjiang sold and transferred its equity
    interest in SJAP to Garwor. The State Administration for Industry and Commerce of Xining City Government of the P.R.C. approved
    the sale and transfer.   

Consequently Garwor and the Company
agreed that the new board of directors of SJAP would consist of 3 members; 1 appointee from Garwor and 2 appointees from the Company,
such that the Company now had a majority interest in the board of directors of SJAP. Also, and in accordance with the Company s
Sino Joint Venture Agreement, the Company s management appointed the chief financial officer of SJAP. As a result, the financial
statements of SJAP were included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company. 

Continuous assessment of the VIE relationship with
QZH  

The Company may also have a controlling
financial interest in an entity through an arrangement that does not involve voting interests, such as a VIE. The Company evaluates
entities deemed to be VIE s using a risk and reward model to determine whether to consolidate. A VIE is an entity (1) that
has total equity at risk that is not sufficient to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from
other entities, (2) where the group of equity holders does not have the power to direct the activities of the entity that most
significantly impact the entity s economic performance, or the obligation to absorb the entity s expected losses or
the right to receive the entity s expected residual returns, or both, or (3) where the voting rights of some investors are
not proportional to their obligations to absorb the expected losses of the entity, their rights to receive the expected residual
returns of the entity, or both, and substantially all of the entity s activities either involve or are conducted on behalf
of an investor that has disproportionately fewer voting rights. 

The Company also quantitatively
and qualitatively examined if QZH is considered a VIE. Qualitative analyses considered the extent to which the nature of its variable
interest exposed the Company to losses. For quantitative analyses, the Company also used internal cash flow models to determine
if QZH was a VIE and, if so, whether the Company was the primary beneficiary. The projection of these cash flows and probabilities
thereof requires significant managerial judgment because of the inherent limitations that relate to the use of historical data
for the projection of future events. On September 30, 2016, the Company evaluated the above VIE testing results and concluded
that the Company is the primary beneficiary of QZH s expected losses or residual returns and that QZH qualifies as a VIE
of the Company. As result, the Company has consolidated QZH as a VIE. 

The reasons for the QZH qualified
as a VIE are as follows: 

Originally, SJAP was sole stockholder of QZH, owned 100% equity
    interest in QZH and controlled directorship of QZH.   

On October 25, 2015, both QZH and new stockholder, Qinghai Quanwang
    Investment Management Co., Ltd (   QQI   ) contributed additional capital of $4,157,682 and $769,941, respectively.
    As of result, SJAP decreased its equity interest from 100% to 86% and QQI owned 14% equity interest. In addition, according
    to investment agreement between QZH and QQI, (i) QQI only enjoyed interest 6% annually on its capital contribution and did
    not enjoy any profit distribution; (ii) investment period was 3 years only, and (iii) SJAP shared 100% on profit or loss after
    deduction 6% interest to QQI and enjoyed 100%  voting rights of QZH s board and stockholders meetings. As
    of September 30, 2016, the SJAP s total investment in QZH was $4,645,487.   

Consequently, the Company still indirectly control directorship
    of QZH, such that the Company now had a majority interest in the directorship of QZH. Also, and in accordance with the Company s
    Sino Joint Venture Agreement, the Company s controlled QZH s chief financial officer appointment. As a result,
    the financial statements of QZH were included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company.   

F- 33  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

19.      CONSTRUCTION
                                         CONTRACT   

(i)    Costs
                                         and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts  

(ii)  
      Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted
    contracts   

(iii)  
      Overall   

Due to third parties are unsecured,
interest free and have no fixed terms of repayment. 

(i)   The
                                         Company issued 1,191,537 shares of common stock ranging from $4.26 to $5.25 as collateral
                                         to secure debts loan of $8,255,370 from third party The shares issued by the Company
                                         were valued at the trading price of the stock on the date the shares were issued. All
                                         collateralized shares are non-cumulative without right to declared dividend in the future.  

F- 34  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

There are no provisions in the
Company s bank borrowings and long term debts that would accelerate repayment of debt as a result of a change in credit
ratings or a material adverse change in the Company s business. Under certain agreements, the Company has the option to
retire debt prior to maturity, either at par or at a premium over par. 

Short term bank loans    

Long term debts    

The above note agreements contained
regular provisions requiring timely repayment of principals and accrued interests, payment of default interest in the event of
default, and without specific financial covenants. Management of the Company believes the Company is in material compliance with
the terms of the loan agreements. 

^  
      personal and corporate guaranteed by third parties.   

F- 35  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

22.      NEGOTIABLE
                                         PROMISSORY NOTES   

In August and October 2015, TRW
issued negotiable promissory notes to fund companies and individuals for $3,854,550 and the company acted as guarantor for repayment.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, no promissory notes were repaid and negotiated into shares of the Company. 

Issuer:  
      Tri-way Industries Limited ( TRW )   
 
      Principal amount:  
      $814,500   
 
      Interest payable:  
      $71,497   
 
      Interest rate:  
      2.50% - 2.6% per month on principal amount. Interest shall be
    calculated on the basis of a 30/360 day count convention.   
 
      Default interest rate:  
      15% per month on principal amount. Interest shall be calculated
    on the basis of a 30/360 day count convention.   
 
      Interest payment:  
      Accrued interest on the principal amount shall be paid by cash  in
    arrears on each interest payment date.   
 
      Issue date:  
      August 29, 2015 and October 12, 2015.   
 
      Repayment date:  
      Repaid in full within 283 calendar days from the issue
    of notes.   
 
      Conversion option:  
      Notes holders can exercise at any time from and including the
    day falling 60 calendar days from the date of the notes, upon the note holders giving not less than 5 business day prior written
    notices to TRW and the Company. the principal amount shall be converted to shares of the Company. The TRW may at their own
    discretion choose to settle such conversion option with newly issue shares or existing shares, at their sole discretion. In
    the event a dividend, share split or consolidation or spin-off (each a Corporate Event ) from the Company, the conversion
    price shall be adjusted to provide the same economic value to the notes holders as if such Corporate Event did not occur.
    To the maximum, the above notes can be negotiated for 104,642 shares of Common Stock.   
 
      Security:  
      Corporate guarantee by the Company.   

F- 36  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

23.      CONVERTIBLE
                                         NOTE PAYABLES   

On August 29, 2014, the Company
completed the closing of a private placement financing transaction with an accredited investor, which purchased a 10.5% Convertible
Note (the   Note  ) in the aggregate principal amount of up to $33,300,000. The Company received the total advance
of $11,632,450. The Company shall offer investor a discount equal to 25% of the amount of the principal advanced by the investor. 

Interest on the note shall accrue
on the outstanding principal balance of this Note from August 29, 2014. Interest shall be payable quarterly on the last day of
each of March, June, September and December commencing September 30, 2014 provided, however, that note holder may elect to require
the Company to issue to the note holder a promissory note in lieu of cash in satisfaction of any interest due and payable at such
time. Any interest payment note shall be subject to the same terms as the note. The note has a maturity date of February 28, 2020. 

The note is convertible, at the
discretion of the note holder, into shares of the Company s common stock (i) at any time following an Event of Default,
or (ii) for a period of thirty (30) calendar days following October 31, 2015 and each anniversary thereof, at an initial conversion
price per share of $1.00, subject to adjustment for stock splits, reverse stock splits, stock dividends and other similar transactions
and subject to the terms of the note. As long as the note is outstanding, the investor shall have a right of first refusal, exercisable
for thirty (30) calendar days after notice to the note holder, to purchase securities proposed to be offered and sold by the Company. 

The Company calculated the fair
value of the convertible note and the beneficial conversion feature utilizing the Discounted Cash Flows model at the date of the
issuance of convertible note. The relative fair values were allocated to the liability and equity components of the debt. Accordingly,
a discount was created on the debt and this discount will be amortized to interest expense over the life of the debt. Debt premium
of $2 38,287,  $378,788, $ 728,216
 and $838,832 was amortized for the three months and the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

As of September 30, 2016, there
was $21,211,340 (December 31, 2015: $32,666,666) principal outstanding and accrued interest in the amount of $2,285,378 (December
31, 2015: 2,238,073) that was owed under the terms of the convertible note. 

The above note agreement contained
regular provisions requiring timely repayment of principals and accrued interests, payment of default interest in the event of
default, default and optional conversion and without specific financial covenants. Management of the Company believes the Company
is in material compliance with the terms of the convertible note agreement. 

The Company calculated professional
service compensation of $1,500,000 in respect of convertible note issue, and recognized $0, $375,000, $0 and $1,125,000 for the
three months and the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the deferred
compensation balance was $0. 

F- 37  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

24.      SHAREHOLDERS 
                                         EQUITY   

The Group s share capital
as of June 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 shown on the consolidated balance sheet represents the aggregate nominal value of the
share capital of the Company as of that date. 

On March 22, 2010, the Company
designated 100 shares of Series A preferred stock at a par value per share of $0.001. As of the same date, 100 shares of Series
A preferred stock were issued at $1 per share for cash in the amount of $100. 

The Series A preferred stock: 

(i)  does not pay a dividend;   

(ii)  votes together with the shares
                                         of Common Stock of the Corporation as a single class and, regardless of the number of
                                         shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding and as long as at least one of such shares
                                         of Series A Preferred Stock is outstanding, shall represent eighty percent (80%) of all
                                         votes entitled to be voted at any annual or special meeting of shareholders of the Corporation
                                         or action by written consent of shareholders. Each outstanding share of the Series A
                                         Preferred Stock shall represent its proportionate share of the 80%, which is allocated
                                         to the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock; and   

(ii)  ranks senior to common stockholders,
                                         holders of Series B convertible preferred stockholders and any other stockholders on
                                         liquidation.   

The Company has designated 100
shares of Series A preferred stock with 100 shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

The Series B convertible preferred
stock: 

On March 22, 2010, the Company
designated 7,000,000 shares of Series B convertible preferred stock at a par value per share of $0.001. The Series B convertible
preferred stock is redeemable, the stockholders are not entitled to receive any dividend and voting rights but rank senior over
common stockholders on liquidation, and can convert to common stock on a one for one basis at any time. On June 26, 2010, 7,000,000
shares of common stock were surrendered for cancellation and the Company issued 7,000,000 shares of Series B convertible preferred
stock at $9.90 per share. Pursuant to share exchange agreement made as of December 22, 2012, between the Company and a stockholder,
Capital Adventure Inc., a holder of 3,000,000 shares of common shares, with the consent of Board of Directors, to exchange for
3,000,000 shares of Series B convertible preferred stock on a one-for-one basis. As of December 23, 2012, 3,000,000 shares of
Series B convertible preferred stock were issued to Capital Adventure Inc., for the exchange of its holding of 3,000,000 shares
of common stocks. As of December 31, 2012, 3,000,000 shares of common stocks were still not returned to the Company. On March
27, 2013, 3,000,000 Series B convertible preferred stock were cancelled. On December 17, 2014, the Company approved an amendment
to certificate designation in respect of Series B preferred stock. Pursuant to the above new amendment, each holder of Series
B preferred stock shall have the rights, at any time or from time to time, to convert each 9.9 shares of Series B preferred to
one fully paid and non-assessable share of common stock of par value $0.001 per share. On June 15, 2015, Series B preferred stockholder
exercised at the above conversion ratio to convert 7,000,000 shares of Series B preferred stock to 707,070 shares of common stock. 

There were 0 shares of Series B
convertible preferred stock issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

F- 38  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

24.      SHAREHOLDERS 
                                         EQUITY (CONTINUED)   

The Series F Non-Convertible Preferred
Stock: 

(i)  is not redeemable subject to
                                         (iv);   

(ii)  except for (iv), with respect
                                         to dividend rights, rights on liquidation, winding up and dissolution, rank junior and
                                         subordinate to ( a) all classes of Common Stock,(b) all other classes of Preferred Stock
                                         and (c) any class or series of capital securities of the Company.   

(iii)  Shall not entitled to receive
                                         any further dividend; and   

(iv)  on May 30, 2014, the holders
                                         of shares of Series F Non-Convertible Preferred Stock with coupon shall be entitled to
                                         a coupon payment directly from the Company at the redemption rate of $3.40 per share.
                                         Upon redemption, the Holder shall no longer own any shares of Series F with coupon that
                                         have been redeemed, and all such redeemed shares shall disappear and no longer exist
                                         on the books and records of the Company; redeemed shares of Series F which no longer
                                         exist upon redemption shall thereafter be counted toward the authorized but unissued
                                          blank check  preferred stock of the Company.   

On August 22, 2012, the Company s
Board of Directors declared that the Company s stockholders were entitled to receive one share of restricted Series F Non-convertible
Preferred Stock for every 100 shares of Common Stock owned by the stockholders as of September 28, 2012, with lesser or greater
amounts being rounded up to the nearest 100 shares of Common Stock for purpose of the computing the dividend. The holders of record
of shares of Series F Non-Convertible Preferred Stock shall be entitled to a coupon payment directly from the Company at the redemption
rate of $3.40 per share and be payable on May 30, 2014. However, the Company was unable to issue the Series F Non-convertible
Preferred Stock as originally contemplated. Consequently, The Company s transfer agent was instructed to note in its record
date rather than actual issue the Preferred F shares. On June 14, 2014, the Company announced the delay in payment of the coupon
until May 30, 2015. The company reserved the excess over the nominal amount of the Series F Non-convertible Preferred Stock of
$3,124,737 as Series F Non-convertible Preferred Stock redemption payable. As of May 30, 2015, payment on the F series shares
has been made, and respective shares cancelled, accordingly. 

As a result, total issued and outstanding
of Series F Non-Convertible Preferred Stock as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are 0 shares and grand total issued
and outstanding preferred stock as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are 100 shares, respectively. 

 Common Stock: 

On November 10, 2014, the Company
approved an amendment to the Corporation s Articles of Incorporation to effectuate a reverse stock split (the  Reverse
Split ) of the Corporation s common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the  Common Stock ) affecting both
the authorized and issued and outstanding number of such shares by a ratio of 9.9 for 1. The Reverse Split became effective in
the State of Nevada on December 16, 2014. Subsequent to the December 31, 2014, the Board of directors and the holders of a majority
of the voting power of our stockholders of the company have approved an amendment to articles of incorporation to increase its
authorized shares of Common Stock from 17,171,716 to 22,727,273. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company issued (i) 100,000 shares of common stock for $868,000 at $8.68 per share to settle
debts due to third parties. The Company executed several agreements with third parties to raise debts loan by issuance of the
Company s common stock. The shares issued by the Company were valued at the trading price of the stock on the date the shares
were issued. Any excess of the fair value of the shares over the carrying cost of the debt has been reported as a gain on the
extinguishment of debts of 132,000, $270,586 and $1,318,947 has been credited to consolidated statements of income as other income
for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively; (ii) 753,304 shares of common stock ranging from $6.96 to
$8.91 as collateral to secure debts loan of $4,797,332, and the shares issued by the Company were valued at the trading price
of the stock on the date the shares were issued, and all collateralized shares are non-cumulative without right to declared dividend
in the future; (iii) 1,135,000 shares of common stock ranging from $8.75 to $12.50 as collateral to secure trade finance facility
amounting to the extent of $11,281,100, and the shares issued by the Company were valued at the trading price of the stock on
the date the shares were issued and such shares returned to treasury stock after the contract period of three years (iv) 153,392
shares at $11.13 per share and 75,002 shares at $14.20 per share were issued for reverse split adjustments; (v) 47,787 shares
of common stock valued to employees and directors at fair value of $15.20 per share for $726,315 for employee compensation; 7,000,000
shares of Series B preferred stock were converted into 707,070 shares under terms of issue; and (vi) cancelled 514 shares for
$10.97 per share for reverse splits adjustments.  

The Company has 21,456,859
and 20,133,757 shares of common stock issued as of November 14, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

F- 39  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

25.      OBLIGATION
                                         UNDER OPERATING LEASES   

The Company leases (i) 2,178 square
feet of agriculture space used for offices for a monthly rent of $634 in Enping City, Guangdong Province, P.R.C., its lease expiring
on March 31, 2017; (ii) 5,081 square feet of office space in Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province, P.R.C. for a monthly rent of
$12,733, its lease expiring on July 8, 2018; (iii) 1,555 square feet of staff quarters in Linli District, Hunan Province, P.R.C.
for a monthly rent of $163, its lease expiring on May 1, 2016; and (iv) 430 square feet of shared office in Stockholm, Sweden,
for a monthly rent of $11,800, its lease expiring on December 31, 2020. 

Lease expense was $ 74,416,
$40,591, $226,524 and $121,773 for the three months and the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

The future minimum lease payments
as of September 30, 2016, are as follows: 

26.      STOCK
                                         BASED COMPENSATION   

On May 6, 2015, the Company issued
directors and employees a total of 47,787 shares of common stock valued at fair value of $15.20 per share for services rendered
to the Company. The fair values of the common stock issued were determined by using the trading price of the Company s common
stock on the date of issuance of $15.20 per share. 

The Company calculated stock based
compensation of 3,486,428 and recognized $3,123,247 for the year ended December 31, 2015. As of December 31, 2015, the deferred
compensation balance for staff was $363,181 and the deferred compensation balance of $363,181 was to be amortized over 6 months
beginning on January 1, 2016. 

On May 10, 2016, the Company issued
directors and employees a total of 1,198,778 shares of common stock valued at fair value of $5.98 per share for services rendered
to the Company. The fair values of the common stock issued were determined by using the trading price of the Company s common
stock on the date of issuance of $5.98 per share. On the same date, the Company issued professionals a total of 132,787 shares
of common stock valued at fair value of $5.98 per share for services rendered to the Company. The fair values of the common stock
issued were determined by using the trading price of the Company s common stock on the date of issuance of $5.98 per share. 

The Company calculated stock based
compensation of $4,246,495 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

The Company recognized $1,990,972,
$1,123,030, $2,354,153 and $2,883,096 for the three months and the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
As of September 30, 2016, the deferred compensation balance for staff was $5,972,069 and the deferred compensation balances of
$5,972,069 were to be amortized over 9 months respectively beginning on October 1, 2016. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, the Company did not have any pending claims, charges, or litigation that it expects would have a material adverse effect
on its consolidated balance sheets, consolidated statements of income and other comprehensive income, and consolidated statements
of cash flows. 

In December 31, 2015 the Company
entered into loan and pledge agreement with a Shanghai, P.R.C. based lender (the  lender ) The lender has various
trading facilities and has agreed to allow the Company or its nominee to use parts of trading facilities up to an amount of $20
million (31.12.2015: $20million) to be used in tranches and revolved up to a period of three years, and as of September 30, 2016
of which $ 29,447,010 (31.12.2015: $7,478,375) was utilized.
The trade finance agreement contained regular provisions requiring timely repayment of principals and accrued interests, payment
of default interest in the event of default, and without specific financial covenants. Management of the Company believes the
Company is in material compliance with the terms of the trade finance agreement.  

28.      RELATED
                                         PARTY TRANSACTIONS   

In addition to the transactions
and balances as disclosed elsewhere in these consolidated financial statements, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, the Company had the following significant related party transactions:- 

Name of related party   
       
       Nature of transactions    

Mr. Solomon Yip  
     Kun Lee,  
     Chairman  
       
      Included in due to a director, due to Mr. Solomon Yip Kun Lee
    is $566,283 and $211,247 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The amounts are unsecured, interest
    free and have no fixed terms of repayment.   

F- 40  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Basic earnings per share is computed
by dividing net income attributable to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during
the year. Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution of securities by including other potential common stock,
including convertible preferred stock, stock options and warrants, in the weighted average number of common shares outstanding
for the year, if dilutive. The numerators and denominators used in the computations of basic and dilutive earnings per share are
presented in the following table: 

For the three months ended
September 30, 2016, full dilution effect of convertible note of $23,496,718 was taken into account for calculation of the diluted
earnings per share because convertible note holder can exercise the right to exercise to convert to common stock by giving 1 month
notice after October 1, 2015 under terms of convertible note agreement. 

For the three months ended September
30, 2015, full dilution effect of convertible note of $597,813 was not taken into account for calculation of the diluted earnings
per share because convertible note holder is restricted the right to exercise to convert to common stock before October 1, 2015
under terms of convertible note agreement. 

F- 41  

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

29 .     EARNINGS
                                         PER SHARE (CONTINUED)   

For the nine months ended September
30, 2016, full dilution effect of convertible note of $23,496,718 was taken into account for calculation of the diluted earnings
per share because convertible note holder can exercise the right to exercise to convert to common stock by giving 1 month notice
after October 1, 2015 under terms of convertible note agreement. 

For the nine months ended September
30, 2015, full dilution effect of convertible note of $35,468,110 was not taken into account for calculation of the diluted earnings
per share because convertible note holder is restricted the right to exercise to convert to common stock before October 1, 2015
under terms of convertible note agreement. 

F- 42  

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the   Form
10-Q  ) contains  forward-looking statements,  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the   Exchange Act  ).The Company
intends such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in
Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, such as
 estimates,   projects,   plans,   believes,   expects,   anticipates, 
 intends,  or the negative thereof or other variations thereon, or by discussions of strategy that involve risks and
uncertainties These statements reflect management s current beliefs and are based on information now available to it. Accordingly,
these statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and contingencies that could cause the Company s actual results,
performance or achievements in 2016 and beyond to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, such statements. Such
statements, include, but are not limited to, statements contained in this Form 10-Q relating to the Company s business, financial
performance, business strategy, recently announced transactions and capital outlook. Important factors that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include: a continued decline in general economic conditions
nationally and internationally; decreased demand for our products and services; market acceptance of our products; the impact of
any litigation or infringement actions brought against us; competition from other providers and products; the inability to raise
capital to fund continuing operations; changes in government regulation; the ability to complete customer transactions, and other
factors relating to our industry, our operations and results of operations and any businesses that may be acquired by us. Should
one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may
differ significantly from those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended or planned. Readers of this Form 10-Q should
not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Except as required by federal securities laws, the Company undertakes
no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements to reflect new events or uncertainties. 

You should read the following discussion and
analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of the Company together with the financial statements and the related
notes presented in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q. 

Description
and interpretation and clarification of business category on the consolidated results of the operations   

The Company s strategy is to manage and
operate its businesses under five (5) business divisions or units on a standalone basis, namely: 

Beef   Organic Fertilizer Division 
     (SJAP, QZH and HSA)  
 
     Plantation Division 
     (JHST)  
 
     Cattle Farm Division 
     (MEIJI and JHMC)  
 
     Corporate   Others Division 
     (SIAF)  
 
     Fishery Division 
     (CA)  

A summary of each business division is described
below: 

l    Beef and Organic Fertilizer Division  refers to:   

(i)   The operation of SJAP in manufacturing and sales of organic fertilizer, bulk livestock feed, concentrated
livestock feed, and the sales of live cattle inclusive of: (a) cattle that are not being slaughtered in our own slaughter house
operated by Qinghai Zhong He Meat Products Co., Limited ( QZH ) are sold live to third party livestock wholesalers
and, (b) cattle that are sold to QZH and slaughtered and deboned and packed by QZH; and the sales of meats deboned and packed by
QZH that are sold to various meat distributors, wholesalers and super market chains and our own retail butcher stores.   QZH
is a fully owned subsidiary of our partially owned subsidiary Qinghai Sanjiang A Power Agriculture Co., Ltd. ( SJAP );
as such, the   financial statements of these three companies (SJAP, QZH and HSA) are consolidated into our wholly owned subsidiary,
A Power Agro Agriculture Development (Macau) Limited ( APWAM ), as one entity. SJAP and QZH are both variable interest
entities over which we exercise significant control.   

(ii)   The operation of Hunan Shenghua A Power Agriculture Co. Ltd. ( HSA ) in manufacturing
and sales of organic fertilizer .     

l    Plantation Division  refers to the operations of Jiangmen City Heng Sheng Tai Agriculture
Development Co. Ltd. ( JHST ) in the HU Plantation business where dragon fruit flowers (dried and fresh) and immortal
vegetables are sold to wholesale and retail markets. JHST s financial statements are consolidated into the financial statements
of Macau EIJI Company Ltd. ( MEIJI ) as one entity .    

l    Cattle Farm Division  refers to the operations of Cattle Farm 1 under Jiangmen City Hang
Mei Cattle Farm Development Co. Ltd ( JHMC ) where cattle are sold live to third party livestock wholesalers who sell
them mainly to Guangzhou and Beijing livestock wholesale markets. The financial statements of JHMC are consolidated into MEIJI
as one entity along with MEIJI s operation in the consulting and service for development of other cattle farms (e.g., Cattle
Farm 2) or related projects .     

l    Corporate   Others Division  refers to the business operations of Capital Award Inc and
Sino Agro Food, Inc., including import/export business and consulting and service operations provided to projects that are not
included in the above categories, and not limited to corporate affairs .    

l    Fishery Division  refers to the operations of Capital Award Inc. ( Capital Award 
or  CA ) covering its engineering, technology and consulting service management of fishery farms and seafood sales
operations and marketing, where;   

Capital Award generates revenues
from providing engineering consulting services as turnkey contractors to owners and developers of fishery projects that are being
designed and engineered into turnkey contracts by Capital Award in China using its A Power Module Technology Systems ( APM )
as follows: 

(A). Engineering and Technology
Services;  via Consulting and Service Contracts ( CSC s ) for the development, construction, and supply of
plant and equipment, and management of fishery (and prawn or shrimp) farms and related business operations. 

(B). Seafood
Sales from CA s projected farms   

Capital Award generates following sales revenues from: 

(1). Sales to JFD ( Fish Farm
1  or  FF1 ), which is a Sino Foreign Joint Venture Company ( SFJVC ), and sales derived from seafood
sold by JFD (currently, only the JFD subsidiary is a SFJVC), being consolidated into our wholly owned Hong Kong subsidiary Tri-way
Industries Ltd. ( TRW ) as one entity. 

FF1 generates sales from its production
of (a) its in-door APM farm with 16 APM production units and (b) its open dam farms producing fish and prawns from 310 Mu (52 acres)
of land leased from Zhongshan A Power Prawn Culture Farms Development Co. Ltd. ( ZSAPP,   Prawn Farm 2 
or  PF2 ). 

(2). Sales to and sales derived
from seafood from the unincorporated companies, including Enping City A Power Prawn Culture Development Co. Ltd. ( EBAPCD, 
 Prawn Farm 1  or  PF1 ) and ZSAPP, are accounted for independently as follows: 

CA and PF1: (a)
CA purchases prawn and/or fish fingerling and feed stocks from third party suppliers and resells them to PF1 at variable small
or no profit margins and (b) CA purchases matured prawns and fish from PF1 and sells to third parties (wholesale markets) 

PF1 generates sales from its production
of (a) its indoor APM farm with 4 APM production units completed in 2014 and 16 APM production units from Q3 2015, onward and (b)
its open dam farms producing fish and prawns from a 290 Mu (or 48 acres) of land leased from PF2. 

CA and PF2: (a)
CA earns commission from the sale of prawn fingerlings that are sold by PF2 to third parties, and in this respect PF2 produces
its own prawn fingerlings as compared to CA s purchasing them from PF2 and reselling them to PF1 or FF1, as described above,
and (b) CA purchases matured prawns and fish from PF2 and sells to third parties (wholesale markets). 

PF2 has 6 indoor
APM production units producing mainly prawn fingerling and an open dam farms situated on about 400 Mu (about 66 acres) producing
prawns and fish. 

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    

Part A. Unaudited Income Statements of Consolidated Results
of Operations for three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to for three months ended September 30, 2015.   

A (1) Income Statements (Unaudited)   

Overview of Q3 2016compared to Q3 2015
(as illustrated in Table 1A above):   

l   Overall total revenues of decreased by $0.55 million (or 0.44%) generating over $100.74 million
from sales of goods and $23.38 million from Consulting and Service Division. However, overall gross profit increased marginally
by $1.10 million (or 3.4%) mainly due to the significant improved results from following segments:   

l  
      Sales revenues from the Consulting   Services
    division decreased by $5.26 million (or 18.4%) with a marginal decrease in gross profit by $0.55 million primarily due to
    increased revenues from the development of the Zhongshan New Prawn Farm project, whereas developments on other farms were
    slow during the quarter.   

The
increase in general and administration expenses, mainly due to expenses incurred by the Corporate Division in carrying out various
corporate exercises (e.g., seeking of new sources of financing, upgrading of listing status, etc.), was $1.06 million to $5.01
million compared to $3.95 millions of incurred during Q3 2015. 

Therefore, overall the results remain promising,
showing improvements in most segments, including imported business activity, with exceptions for areas such as SJAP s Live
Cattle sector. In addition, sales from the Fishery segment had decreased for previously cited reasons, which are summarized in
a later chapter of this report. 

Notes to Table A.1 s 1, 2  
3:    

(A): Information of Note (1, 2   3) Sales, cost of
sales and gross profit and analysis:    

l     The Company s revenues were generated from (A) Sales of Goods and (B) Consulting and
Services provided in project and business developments covering engineering, construction, supervision, training, managements and
technology etc.      

l     Beef and Organic Fertilizer Division    refers to:    

(i)  The operations of SJAP in manufacturing and sales of organic fertilizer, bulk livestock feed, concentrated
livestock feed, and the sale of live cattle inclusive of:   

(a) Cattle that
are not slaughtered in our own slaughterhouse operated by QZH are sold live to third party livestock wholesalers. 

The average sales price of live cattle
for the quarter is at RMB30/Kg (live weight) of 520 Kg / head average weight, reflecting an upward trend of cattle prices from
Q1 2016 s low average of RMB20 / Kg. At the current price, SJAP is able to generate a profit from live cattle sales. Unfortunately,
due to falling / poor cattle prices of recent past quarters, with the exception of Q2 2016, SJAP had to cancel a significant amount
of Fattening contracts, thus reducing the inventory of the fattening cattle resulting in a much lesser number of cattle being sold
during the quarter, and, as a result, will take some months before said inventory will be increased again, inasmuch as prices continue
to remain or improve within the cattle industry. 

All other divisions within SJAP were either steady or improving during Q3 2016, which is encouraging. 

Overall sale revenues of SJAP s operations
decreased by $7.23 million (or 34%) from Q3 2015 s $21.28 million to Q3 2016 s $14.05 million and gross profit increased
by $1.98 million (or 31%) from Q3 2015 s $3.32 million to Q3 2016 s $4.34 million, mainly affected by the drop in live
cattle sales due to prices paid by the Company to local farmers as well as prices paid to the Company through the wholesale markets. 

(b) Cattle that are sold to QZH and being slaughtered
and deboned and packed by QZH; and the sales of meats deboned and packed by QZH that are sold to various meat distributors, wholesalers
and super market chains and our own retail butcher stores.   QZH is a wholly owned subsidiary of SJAP; as such, the   financial
statements of these three companies (SJAP, QZH and HSA) are consolidated into APWAM as one entity. 

Average
meat prices during the quarter were on the rise surpassing RMB62 / Kg that helped to improve QZH s performances for the
quarter, accordingly.  

QHZ
increased sales revenue by $8.53 million (or 107%) from Q3 2015 s $14.20 million to Q3 2016 s $29.39 million mainly
due to the increase in imported beef jumping from Q3 2015 s $8.29 million to Q3 2016s $24.60 million representing an increase
of $16.31 million (or 197%); a significant increase. In turn, gross profit increased by $2.45 million (or 72%).  

(ii)  The operations of HSA in manufacturing and sales of organic fertilizer .     

Overall sales of organic mixed fertilizer ( OMF ) increased to $4.34 million compared to Q3
2015 s $3.95 million resulting in an increase of $ 0.39 million (or 10%), reflecting a steady performance at HSA. 

Overall
gross profit has increased by $0.26 million (or 13.54%) from Q3 2015 s $1.92 million to Q3 2016 s $2.18 million mainly
due to cost savings in raw materials.  

l     Plantation Division   refers to the operations of Jiangmen City Heng Sheng Tai Agriculture
Development Co. Ltd. ( JHST ). JHST is engaged in the HU Plantation business where dragon fruit flowers (dried and
fresh), cash vegetable crops and immortal vegetables are sold to wholesale and retail markets. JHST s financial statements
are consolidated into the financial statements of MEIJI as one entity.   

Revenue from our plantation division decreased by $0.69 million (or 9%) from $7.38 million for Q3 2015
to $6.69 million for Q3 2016. The decrease was primarily due to lower prices both in fresh flowers by $0.03/piece and dried flowers
by $4,695/MT primarily due from the poorer quality of flowers due to excessive rain and stormy weather during the harvest season. 

There was a decrease in sales by 4MT (or 100%)
in immortal vegetables also due to the season s inclement weather. 

JHST is experimenting
with many different crops and other biological plant products aiming at the development of more stable crops and / or products
that will eventually help the Company to develop the plantation into a large operation at economies of scale free from effects
caused by the vagaries of weather in Guangdong Province. To date, some experiments are showing potential, and, as such, JHST is
hopeful that solutions will be found in the near future.  

l     Cattle Farm Division   refers to the operations of Cattle Farm 1 under Jiangmen City
Hang Mei Cattle Farm Development Co. Ltd ( JHMC ) where cattle are sold live to third party livestock wholesalers who
are selling them mainly in Guangzhou and Beijing livestock wholesale markets. The financial statements of JHMC are consolidated
into MEIJI as one entity along with MEIJI s operation in the consulting and service for development of other cattle farms,
such as Cattle Farm 2, or related projects .     

Cattle Farm 1 revenue increased sales by $21,535
(or 0.2%) from Q3 2015 s $9,636,919 to Q3 2016 s $9,658,454 while gross profit decreased by $101,744 (or 16%) from
$640,770 in Q3 2015 to Q3 2016 s $539,026, reflecting negligible differences. 

l    Corporate   Others Division  refers to the business operations of Capital Award Inc.
/ Sino Agro Food, Inc., including import/export business and consulting and service operations provided to projects not included
in the above categories, and not limited to corporate affairs .    

Revenue from the corporate division increased
by $13.17 million or (131%) from Q3 2015 s $10.06 million to Q3 2016 s $23.23 million. The increase was primarily due
to the increase of seafood being imported from other newly developed sources from other countries. 

The imported beef
activity continued to increase this quarter by $5.8 million (or 79%) from Q3 2015 s $7.3 million to Q3 2016 s $13.1
million.  

Gross profit from the corporate sector increased
by $1.54 million or (138%) from $1.12 million for Q3 2015 to $2.66 million for Q3 2016. The increase was primarily due to the increase
of sales described above. 

In this respect, the Company is confident that this segment of activities will keep improving as the disposable
income of China s middle class continues rising. 

l    Fishery Division  refers to the operations of Capital Award covering its engineering, technology
and consulting service management of fishery farms and seafood sales operations and marketing, wherein Capital Award generates
revenues from providing engineering consulting services as turnkey contractors to owners and developers of fishery projects designed
and engineered by Capital Award using its APM technology and management systems as follows:   

(A) Engineering and Technology
Services;  via Consulting and Service Contracts ( CSC s ) for the development, construction, and supply of
plant and equipment, and management of fishery (and prawn or shrimp) farms and related business operations. 

(B) Seafood
Sales from CA s projected farms   

Capital Award generates following sales revenues from: 

(1) Sales to JFD (or Fish Farm 1
or FF1) which is an SFJVC and sales derived from seafood brought from JFD (currently, only the JFD subsidiary is a SFJVC), the
financial statements of which are consolidated into TRW as one entity. 

FF1 generates sales from its production
of (a) its indoor APM farm with 16 APM production units and (b) its open dam farms producing fish and prawns from a 310 Mu (or
52 acres) of land leased from PF2. 

(2) Sales to and sales derived from
seafood brought from the un-incorporated companies, covering EBAPCD (or Prawn Farm 1 or PF1) and ZSAPP (or Prawn Farm 2 or PF2)
are accounted for independently as follows: 

CA and EBAPCD
(PF1): (a) CA purchases prawn and/or fish fingerling and feed stocks from third party suppliers and resells to PF1 at variable
small or no profit margins and (b) CA purchases matured prawns and fish from PF1 and sells to third parties (wholesale markets). 

PF1 generates sales from its production
of (a) its indoor APM farm with 4 APM production units in 2014 and 16 APM production units from Q3 2015 and (b) its open dam farms
producing fish and prawns from a 290 Mu (or 48 acres) of land leased from PF2. 

CA and ZSAPP (PF2):
(a) CA earns commissions from the sale of prawn fingerlings that are sold by PF2 to third parties, and in this respect PF2 produces
its own prawn fingerlings as compared to CA s purchasing them from PF2 and resells them to PF1 or FF1, as described above,
and (b) CA purchases matured prawns and fish from PF2 and sells to third parties (wholesale markets). 

PF2 has 6 indoor
APM production nurseries producing prawn fingerling and an open dam farms situated on about 400 Mu (about 66 acres) producing prawns
and fish. 

Revenue from fishery operations decreased
by $16.14 million or (56%) from $28.60 million for Q3 2015 to $12.46 million for Q3 2016. 

 Gross profit from fishery operations decreased
by $1.34 million or (42%) from $5.46 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $3.17 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2016. 

The decreases in fishery operation Revenue and Gross Profit was primarily due to the following reasons: 

l    As discussed in previous communications, Fish Farm (1) (or FF1) has been underway with full renovation,
overhaul, upgrades, etc. since September 2016, continuing throughout until the end of November 2016. As such, no production will
take place at FF(1) s APM indoor farm during that period. 

l   Prawn Farm (1) (or PF1) is being retrofitted into Research and Development facilities, as well
as grow-out facilities of sea-water prawns since mid-August 2016 continuing through year-end 2016, resulting in less than full-production
throughout this period.   

l   Due to the work at FF1 and PF1, sales of prawns of smaller scale and size, which are capable of
being produced under these temporary conditions, are reflected in the selling prices as shown in the above table. However, prawn
production will gradually resume to growing larger sized prawns, which fetch higher prices, once production facilities are completed
and back online.   

l   Stock at PF(2) s open dam farms situated at 2 locations on 650 Mu of land are being sold
out to lay the groundwork for modification of the dams with 3 rd  generation open dam RAS technology that ultimately will
provide 6 harvest cycles per year (versus the current 2 to 3 annual production cycles). As such, decreased sales from this facility
occurring in Q3 2016 will continue throughout Q4, however the increased performance at these facilities in subsequent years will
handily compensate for this shortfall.   

l   Prawn Farm 3, its first two farm buildings completed, have been stocked to 50% capacity during
Q3 2016, gradually increasing to 75% capacity throughout Q4 2016, with sales from the facility having begun in October 2016. Thus
far, stocking at the farm consists of: (i) for full grow-out; Big Giant Prawns (8%), Grass Prawns ( 8 %), Sleepy Cod ( 6%), Jade
Perch ( 14%), Murray Cod ( 6%) and some higher priced fresh water mixed fish ( 12% ); (ii) for post harvesting; Sleepy cods (3%),
Jade Perch (8%), 3 Kg   above / fish Telopia (10 %) and other higher fresh water fish (14%).   

Overall, we are expecting improvements
during Q4 2016 due to the commencement of sales from PF(3), however, due to submission of the relevant paperwork in September
2016 seeking the sale of all fishery assets and properties to JFD, which is in the process of becoming a Wholly Foreign Owned
Enterprise (WFOE) under the ownership of Tri-way Industries Limited (HK), financial data treatment and procedures are being reviewed
by both SIAF and Tri-way auditors with October 1, 2016 as the intended official carve-out date for reporting purposes. Further
information related to this exercise is discussed later in this report.  

Notes to Table A (1)
Note (1.1, 2.1 and 3.1)     

Table A.5 below shows the revenue, cost
of services and gross profit generated from consulting, services, commission and management fee for three months ended September
30, 2016 (Q3 2016) and the three months ended September 30, 2015 (Q3 2015).   

Revenues (consulting, service,
commission and management fee):   

Revenues decreased by $5.25 million (or
18%) from $28.63 million for Q3 2015 to $23.38 million for Q3 2016, cost of services for consulting, service, commission and management
fees decreased by $4.70 million (or 27%) from $17.15 million for Q3 2014 to $12.45 million for Q3 2016, and gross profit increased
by $0.55 million (or 5%) from $10.38million for Q3 2015 to $10.93 million  f or Q3 2016. 

The decrease in revenue / cost of sales had
been primarily due to the following reasons: 

l  
      Since FF(1) s modifications are incorporated
    into the process of consolidating fishery assets and properties into JFD / Tri-way, the work currently underway cannot be
    recorded as CA Work in Progress, but once the FF(1) sales transaction is completed, any gain derived from these modifications
    / improvements will be recognized by CA, at market value.   

l  
      Since a portion of engineering work performed
    for PF(2) during Q3 2016 will be billed to Tri-way, CA has decided to forego billing until such time as an exact amount due
    from Tri-way can be determined; sometime in Q4 2016.   

l     Table A.6 below highlights information of ongoing Consulting and
Services provided by Capital Award, MEIJI and SIAF, respectively, as at September 30, 2016:     

Table A 1 Other
Income    

Table (Note 4.1) below shows the issuance of shares for
Q3 2016    

l   
       The Company has secured a loan commitment
    from a group of third party lenders in the amount of $8,225,370 for purposes of providing intercompany lending to Tri-way
    Industries Limited (Tri-way) for short-term working capital.    

l   
       The terms of the intercompany loan between the Company and Tri-way are as follows:    

(i) Initial Maturity Date:   
       December 31, 2017    
 
       (ii) Deferred Maturity Date:   
       December 31, 2018    
 
       (iii) Interest Rate:   
       3.15% conventional interest payable per annum    
 
       (iv) Default Interest Rate:   
       10.0%    
 
       (v) Prepayment Penalty:   
       None    
 
       (vi) Conversion Option:   
       Any or all the combined principal and interest    
 
       (vii) Conversion Price:   
       80% of 20-day price average at maturity date or after    

Summarized Table illustrating issuance of shares Q3 2016:    

The Gain/Loss on extinguishment of debts historical previously
stated:     

During the last three years, we have issued
unregistered securities to Chinese persons none of them residents of the United States. None of these transactions involved any
underwriters, underwriting discounts or commissions, or any public offering. The sales of these securities were, except as set
forth below, deemed to be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 by virtue of Section 4(a)(2)
thereof, and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated there under, as transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering.
The recipients of securities in each transaction represented their intention to acquire the securities for investment only and
not with a view to or for sale in connection with any distribution thereof and appropriate legends were affixed to the certificates
issued in such transactions. All purchasers of our securities were accredited or sophisticated persons and had adequate access,
through employment, business or other relationships, to information about us. 

We relied upon Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
for the above issuances, none of which was made to US citizens or residents. We believe that Regulation S was available because: 

None of these issuances involved underwriters, underwriting discounts or commissions;  

We placed Regulation S required restrictive legends on all certificates issued;  

No offers or sales of stock under the Regulation S offering were made to persons in the United States; and  

No direct selling efforts of the Regulation
S offering were made in the United States.   

The other income for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 amounted to $296,670, and derived from the combination of (1) Gain on extinguishment of debt $0 (Note 4), (2)
Government Grant $1,305,147 and (3) other income $0 less interest expenses of $1,012,477. The other income for the three months
ended September 30, 2015 amounted to $(581,687), and derived from the combination of (1) gain on extinguishment of debt $0 (Note
4), (2) Government grant of $746,929, and (3) other income 0 less interest expenses of $1,328,616. 

Gain (loss) of extinguishment of debts

Any deficit (excess) of the fair value of the
shares over the carrying cost of the debt has been reported as a gain (loss) on the extinguishment of debt of $ 0 and $0 has been
credited (charged) to operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

l      Note (5) to Table A 1 General and Administrative Expenses and Interest Expenses      

General and administrative and
interest expenses (including depreciation and amortization) increased by $743,160 or 14%, from $5,280,538 for Q3 2015 to $6,023,698
for Q3 2016. The increase was primarily due to increase in wages and salaries of $1,729,917 from $495,734 for Q3 2015 to $2,225,651
for Q3 2016, and out of which $662,664 was the monthly billed amount from the total of $7,951,967 paid in shares to and/or owed
to the personnel and directors for services rendered over the past 9 years from 2007 to 2015 and the additional payments made to
consultants associated with the corporate exercises (ie. Carve-out and IPO exercises of Tri-way and SJAP). There was a decrease
in interest expense of $316,139 from $1,328,616 for Q3 2015 to $1,012,477 for Q3 2016. 

Table (to Note 5)  

Note (6) to Table A 1 Depreciation
and Amortization    

Depreciation and amortization increased
by $692,988 or 72% to $1,649,561 for Q3 2016 from $956,573 for Q3 2015. The increase was primarily due to the increase of
depreciation by $604,725 to $1,142,872 for Q3 2016 from depreciation of $538,147 for Q3 2015, whereas the increase of
amortization by $88,263 to $506,689 for Q3 2016 from amortization of $418,426 for Q3 2015. 

In this respect, total depreciation and amortization amounted to $1,649,561 for Q3 2016, out of which
amount $852,427 was reported under general and administration expenses and $797,134 was reported under cost of goods sold; whereas,
total depreciation and amortization was at $956,573 for Q3 2015 and out of which amount $657,135 was reported under General and
Administration expenses and $299,438 was reported under cost of goods sold. 

Note (7) to Table A 1 Non-controlling interests    

Table (F) below shows the derivation of non-controlling interest   

The Net Income attributed to non-controlling interest is $7,343,891
shared by (JHST, JHMC, HSA, SJAP, QZH and JFD collectively) for Q3 2016 as shown in Table (F) above. 

Note (8) to Table A 1 Earnings per share (EPS)   

Earnings per share decreased by $0.10
(basic) and $0.19 (diluted) per share from EPS of $1.14 (basic) and$1.14 (diluted) for Q3 2015 to EPS of $1.04 (basic) and $0.95
(diluted) for Q3 2016. 

Part B: Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (audited)   

Note B Cash and Cash Equivalents   

The change in cash and cash equivalents of
$1,823,369 derived from cash and cash equivalents of $9,052,566 and $7,229,197 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively. In this respect, during this time of the fiscal year, cash and cash equivalents typically return to stable levels
following end of the year volatility due to various transactions that usually occur during that time of year. 

Note (9) Break down on inventories   

Note (10)
Breakdown of Deposits and Prepaid Expenses   

Note (10.1)   

Note (10.1) Breakdown of Deposit for- acquisition
of Land Use Right:  

As of September 30, 2016, we have $3,373,110
for a deposit paid for the acquisition of a Land Use Right derived from the following transactions: 

$3,182,180 (or RMB20,000,000) was full payment made on June 6, 2012 for Land Use Right by HSA comprising
a block of land measuring 150 Mu (or 25 acres of prime agriculture land) located at Linli District of Hunan Province within 10
Km of HSA s complex. The process of application to register the said  Land Use Right,  sometimes referred to
as a LUR, is in progress, and, as such, this payment is recorded as Deposit and Prepaid Expenses pending final authority estimated
to be granted on or before September 30, 2015, as the new local ordinances on agriculture land delayed the processing of our application.
Due to the delay in approving the LUR of the said block of land, HSA has revised and supplemented the contract of this land by
a lease agreement until such time, the said official approval will be granted, and in the interim, the deposit and prepayment on
said land is being treated as a rent-to-own lease arrangement providing pre-payment toward said land once approval is granted.   

$190,930 (or RMB1, 200,000) was paid by SJAP as deposit for the acquisition of  Land Use
Right  on a block of land measuring 15 Mu (or 2.475 acres) located at Huangyuan district next to SJAP s complex on
October 15, 2012. The process of rezoning this piece of land to residential (at present, agriculture) continues, and once completed
will be transferred from the Local Government (Huangyuan County) to SJAP to build new staff quarters.   

Note (10.2)
Information of  Temporary deposit and pre-payments for investments in future assets and in future Sino Foreign Joint Venture
companies :  

During this quarter the Company hasn t
paid further deposit and prepayment for investments in future assets and in future Sino Foreign Joint Venture companies. Therefore,
there are no changes to report for the quarter. 

Note (11): Breakdown of Accounts receivable:  

Information on trading terms and provision
for diminution in value of accounts receivable:   

Our accounts receivable aging is less than
12 months old. Receivables from revenue derived from consulting and services billed for work completed are within our normal trading
terms of 180 days and therefore no diminution in value is required, as the credit quality of the receivables is not in doubt. SIAF s
receivables in consulting and services are mainly provided to WHX, WC1 and Shanghai wholesale centers collectively, and the extended
credit terms for this quarter for more than 120 days to WHX and WC1 is primarily to allow them more time to accommodate their development
of import sales in beef that requires much more working capital; this also applies to the higher credit terms on CA s sales
of fish to WC1 and Shanghai WC. 

Fish Sales : Most farmed fish are sold
to wholesalers at prevailing daily market prices and ageing is within 90 days trading terms with a small portion at 180 days (for
oversized fish, as the sale of oversized fish takes time to sell). We sold $28.6 million in live fish, eels and prawns (live seafood)
to the wholesalers   for the three months ended September 30, 2016,
accounts receivable of $5.0 million were over 120 days. These debtors represent credit quality receivables as they are well established
wholesalers, profitable and viable businesses with a good track record and therefore provision of diminution in value is not required
as collection is not in doubt. 

Sales of fertilizer and bulk livestock feed :
These comprise sales made to regional farmers contracted by us to grow crops and pastures using and purchasing our fertilizer.
We in turn agree to   buy their cattle that are fed with our bulk
and concentrated cattle feed purchased from us. Under this arrangement, our accounts receivable are normally carried forward until
such time they can be offset against our account payables due to these contracted farmers (that is, the amount owed for the amount
of crops and pastures is   ultimately offset against the amount of
cattle that we have purchased from them, respectively). As these debtors are our contract farmers and operate a profitable and
viable business with us and have a good track record we consider their credit quality is good and collection from them is not in
doubt, thus no diminution in value is required. 

Information on concentration of credit
risk of account receivables:   

We have 4 major long-term customers
(referring to Customer A, B, C and D mentioned in the Financial Statement of this report under Note), who have accounted for 55.04%
of our consolidated revenues for   Q3 2016 as shown in the table
below: 

Customer A is Shanghai Virgo Trading
Co. Ltd. (Virgo) who sells much of the imported beef and seafood as well as locally produced seafood. During Q32016, the Company
sold $24,603,451 of goods to Virgo representing 19.82% of our total sales of goods revenue of $124,118,458. 

Customer B is one of our main agents,
namely Mr. Xian Zhiming (i.e. Zhongshan new prawn farm), with whom we agreed to extend trading terms between 120 days to 180 days
and/or until such time as Customer B is able to source working capital financing, on or before 31.12.2016. 

Customer C is Cattle Wholesale represented
by Mr. Wang Jian Wah, a wholesale market wholesaler who buys   distributes our live prawns and mixed fish to his group of wholesalers
at the Guangzhou and Shanghai wholesale markets. During Q3 2016, transactions through Mr. Wang generated 11.95 % of our total consolidated
revenue (equivalent to $14,831,468 out of our total revenue of $124,118,458). 

Customer D is Wholesale Center (1)
or WSC1 represented by Mr. Zhou Jian Fai to whom we sell much of imported beef and seafood and our farmed live seafood. During
Q3 2016, WSC1 generated revenue (equivalent to $8,285,979 out of our total revenue of $124,118,458) or 6.68% of our total consolidated
revenue. 

The Company had 4 major customers whose accounts
receivable balance individually represented the following percentages of the Company s total accounts receivable during Q3
2016: 

Note (12) Property and equipment, net
of accumulation depreciation   

Note (13) Construction in progress   

Note (14) Land Use Rights, net of accumulated
amortizatio   n:  

Note (15) Other Receivables   

Note 15 A   B: Breakdown of Advances
to Suppliers at SJAP s operations:   

At SJAP it is a common practice to make cash advances to our cooperative growers (presently standing at
22 cooperatives with over 2,000 members) who are our suppliers, to carry them through respective growing periods (for cropping,
pasturing or cattle growing purposes) before final harvests of produce or sale of their cattle. On average, it works out to less
than $6,672 per member that in the management s opinion is a normal season to season process deemed fair and equitable. In
this respect, as the average increases it means that the typical cooperative farmer is increasing his productivity (whether in
the growth of crops or cattle), and in simple terms, it represents good progress indicating that SJAP s revenue is also increasing. 

Note (16) Current Liabilities:   

Note 16A:
Accounts payables and accrued expenses clarification:   

Our current trading environment 
 is limited to a number of suppliers who offer prolonged credit terms, which means that most purchases are paid for in cash
or short credit terms (7 to 10 days); this grants us better bargaining ability to obtain cash discounts resulting in the low trade
account payables balance of $15.10 million, about 12% of total sales of $124 million for the reasons stated below: 

Our main Account Payables during Q3 2016 were
generated from the following activities: 

1. 
     We supply the following cost elements: our own staff, engineering and technology that enhanced our profit margins and reduced the overall cost of sales.     

2. 
     Implementation, supervision, training and associated management work and most of the building sub-contractors worked at fixed costs; consequently, profit margins are contained providing ample opportunity for expanded credit terms. For contracts related to the construction of farms we use plants, equipment, parts and components that were specially manufactured and made as per our own design and engineering by local manufacturers and suppliers (who in the past carried a high amount of initial development costs and inventories for us based on the understanding that we would pay for the deliveries of goods sold within shorter trading terms such that they   could afford to carry such costs). However, in ZSNPP said development cost and cost of inventories are much too high for said manufacturers and suppliers to carry, such that we made various advances to said manufacturers and suppliers during year 2016 especially so in Q3 2016 to ensure there are no disruptions in supply of plants and equivalent and related parts and components needed to complete the construction and installation of the APM farms in said project to ensure there are no disruption of supply of plants and equivalent and related parts and components needed to complete the construction and installation of the APM farms in said project.     

3.  
      Cost of sales of live seafood had averaged 88% for Q3 2016, (the bulk of the cost came from the supplies of baby fingerlings and the live-bait as the main fish feed), and customary trading terms of Chinese suppliers is on a cash on delivery basis, and suppliers who provide short credit terms, however, in 2016 our main supply of these items come from PF2 such that we are now enjoying much better credit terms in comparison to other years.   

4.  
      Cattle sales at SJAP s own cattle stations and from its cooperative farmers started in 2011 at lower profit margins compared to the fishery sector sales, with the cost of sales averaging 93% for Q3 2016. It is also customary in China to pay for the young live cattle by cash on delivery. The Enping cattle farm started to buy young cattle in 2011 and started sales of mature cattle in 2012; cost of sales is averaged at 94% for Q3 2016. Most of the young cattle supplies were from small primary producers (local small farmers) who did not have significant financial resources; as such, we paid for these supplies of young cattle in cash on delivery or under short credit terms after delivery.   

5.  
      At SJAP, the bulk of our fertilizers were sold to farmers who are growing pasture grass and crops for us such that their fertilizer sales were kept as book entries that would be offset with the pasture grass and crops that we would buy back from them. In the case of HSA, which is a developing stage company in fertilizer manufacturing, prolonged credit term facilities have not been established for its purchase of raw materials.   

6.  
      Bulk livestock feed are produced by regional cooperative growers under contract to us and they use our supply of fertilizer and seeds that represented the main cost components enhancing cost of sales, which averaged 45% for Q3 2016. Again, sale of fertilizer is held on credit against crops and pasture grass purchased from them, as well as bulk livestock feed sold to them for cattle rearing, and reconciled once cattle are purchased from them.   

Note (16 B): Series F Non-convertible
preferred stock    

On August 22, 2012, the Company s Board
of Directors declared that the Company s stockholders were entitled to receive one share of restricted Series F Non-convertible
Preferred Stock for every 100 shares of Common Stock owned by the stockholders as of September 28, 2012, with lesser or greater
amounts being rounded up to the nearest 100 shares of Common Stock for purpose of the computing the dividend. The holders of record
of shares of Series F Non - Convertible Preferred Stock shall be entitled to a coupon payment directly from the Company at the
redemption rate of $3.40 per share and be payable on May 30, 2015. During Q1 2013, our transfer agent recorded 924,180 shares of
Series F Non-Convertible preferred stock   on the account. However,
the Company did not issue physical shares and only issued coupons to notify respective shareholders on that date. These 924,180
F shares were based on the 91,931,287 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of September 28, 2012, calculated at one share of Series
F Non-Convertible preferred stock for every 100 shares of Common Stock with decimal number of shares being rounded up to one. All
F shares have been cancelled as of September 30, 2016 and all requisite payments have been made to the former holders of such shares. 

Note (16C): Analysis of Other Payables:   

As of September 30 2016, other payables
totaling $25,581,890 was composed of the following: 

During Q3 2016, referring to the inter-company
company loan to Tri-way, the Company issued promissory notes amounting to $8,225,370 to unrelated third parties for advances granted
by third parties collectively to the Company (and/or to its subsidiaries) that are personally guaranteed by a director, repayable
within two (2) years under interest free terms, and the outstanding balance forward of $4,797,332 in previous quarters, leaving
a balance of $ 13,052,702 of debts loans outstanding as of September 30, 2016. 

Debts could be repaid either by cash or
in shares of the Company or a combination, thereof. If shares are elected to settle debt amounts, the respective share conversion
rates will be determined by both parties at the time of settlement. During Q3 2016 $4,169,950 of promissory notes for advances
granted by third parties and the outstanding balance forward of $2,200,000 in previous quarters, and leaving a balance of $ 6,639,950
of promissory notes outstanding as of September 30, 2016. 

A grant of $741,240 was received from
the Chinese government by SJAP for the development of a certain project; however if SJAP will not be able to complete the project,
it will have to repay the grant to the Government. As of September 30 2016, as work is in progress on the said project is not
yet completed, the grant is recorded as other payables. 

During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, other advances provided through verbal agreements with other unrelated third parties, collectively, to our subsidiaries
with no fixed term of repayment, interest free, amount to $5,417,998 unpaid and outstanding as of September 30, 2016. 

Note (16 D): Convertible Note  

On August 29, 2015 the Company executed a Convertible
Note with Euro China AB ( ECAB ) Stockholm Sweden, whereby ECAB would lend to the Company US$25,000,000 Million based
on following principal terms and conditions: 

(ii)  Disbursement of loan is based on 4 tranches: three tranches consisting each of US$5 million on
or before on or before August 14 th  2014,   

 August 29 th , 2014, and
November 27 th  2014 with the last tranche of US$18 million on or before February 28 th  2015, whereas ECAB had
been provided a 25% discount on the issued principal debt amount upon each tranche disbursement. 

(v)  Conversion rate is at US$9.90/share (post-split) applicable to both principal loan amount and accrued
interest at option of ECAB.   

Notification of
t he Convertible Note was filed with the SEC on September
4, 2014.   

The table below shows the records of accounts
of ECAB s Convertible Bonds as of September 30 th  2016: 

Part C. Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 Compared
to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 (presented in summarized Charts below):    

Revenue:   

Revenues decreased by $10,682,811 or 3% to
$320,313,767 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 from $330,996,577 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease
was primarily due to the decrease of revenue generated from our fishery, beef, organic fertilizer, and cattle farm whereas corporate
and others operations and the maturity of on-going divisional businesses improved their revenues. 

The following chart illustrates the changes
by category from the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to September 30, 2016 

Cost   

Cost decreased by $3,091,790 or 1% to $238,139,232
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $241,231,022 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily
due to the corresponding increase and decrease from our overall operations for nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared
to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

The following chart illustrates the changes
by category from the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to September 30, 2015. 

Gross Profit   

Gross profit decreased by $7,591,020 or 8%
to $82,174,535 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $89,765,555 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.The decrease
was primarily due to the corresponding decreases in operation revenues. 

The following chart illustrates the changes
by category from the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to September 30, 2015. 

The gross profit by category is as follows: 

General and Administrative Expenses and
Interest Expenses   

General and administrative expenses and interest
expenses (including depreciation and amortization) decreased by $1,033,867 or 6% to $16,314,862 for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 from $17,348,729 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  The change was primarily due to (i) an increase in
Wages and salaries of $3,264,942 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $1,701,679 for the nine months ended September
30, 2015 and (ii) a decrease in Office and corporate expense amounting to $4,227,072 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
as compared to $7,154,024 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Depreciation and Amortization  

Depreciation and amortization increased by $1,231,980 or 34% to $4,890,426 for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 from $3,658,446 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to the increase of depreciation
by $1,261,781 to $3,406,801 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from depreciation of $2,145,020 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015, and the decrease of amortization by $29,801 to $1,483,625 for nine months ended September 30, 2016 from amortization
of $1,513,426 for nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

In this respect, total depreciation and amortization
amounted to $4,890,426 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, out of which amount $2,638,240 was reported under General
and administration expenses and $2,252,186 was reported under cost of goods sold; whereas total depreciation and amortization was
at to $3,658,446 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and out of which amount $2,520,101 was reported under General and
Administration expenses and $1,138,345 was reported under cost of goods sold. 

PartD       .
MD A on records of historical performances reflecting the Company s  Free Cash Flow  derivation: (Inclusive
the Group and subsidiaries in segments containing Non-GAAP derivation)    

E.2 on APWA (holding company of SJAP).    

E.3.SIAF s Corporate Operational division    

E.4. CA (Fishery Development Division)    

E.5.Triway (the holding company of Fish Farm (1))    

E.6. MEIJI (Cattle Farm Development and holding company
of CF(1))    

E.7. MEIJI and JHST plantation division    

E.8. HSA (the Hunan fertilizer Operation)    

Summary of Cashflow of each segments and the Group:   

Note: SJAP s construction in progress included work carried
out on its 20,000 MT fully computerized automatic loading and discharging cold storage, live cattle ramps and holding bays, meat
packing facilities, incoming and outgoing goods discharging station and various marketing outlets and associated infrastructure
work etc. 

Progress information on the Carve-out exercises:   

The fundamental aim of a carve-out spin-of
(COSO) is to provide a foundation for a successful sector of a company to establish its own Board of Directors, provide audited
financial statements strictly focused on its operational performance, all in effort to attain a  truer  valuation,
both intrinsically and subsequently reflected in its market value, once listed. Sino Agro Food, Inc. s (SIAF) role / main
goal then becomes one of offering strategic support and as a purveyor seeking financial as well as other resources necessary for
the COSO to succeed. 

In this respect, the
Company (SIAF) is seeking to derive the greatest return to its shareholders by (i) issuing a substantial portion of its holdings
in the COSO to SIAF shareholders of record prior to the COSO IPO, and (ii) providing pre-IPO investors an opportunity to buy into
the COSO to help establish / solidify a pre-IPO market valuation to levels at 3 to 4 times the COSO NTA, which is projected to
provide a market valuation range at 12 to 16 times earnings.  

SIAF expects its holdings
retained in each COSO as well as COSO shares distributed-to / held-by SIAF shareholders to result in a higher return on investment
than currently or possibly even potentially provided under current conditions along with systemic headwinds experienced by SIAF
over the last five years.  

That said, much work and time continues to be required on several
fronts simultaneously to achieve these ends. The Company continues to invite constructive criticism and suggestions as it moves
these exercises forward, yet, respectfully request shareholders to contact Company representatives for answers to their questions
before drawing incomplete or incorrect conclusions. 

(A). Aquaculture project   

This aquaculture project is requiring the acquisition of all fishery farms (inclusive FF(1), PF(1), PF(2),
PF(3)   PF(4) of the mega prawn farm development in Zhongshan) aiming at total production and sales to reach 70,000 MT by year
2019 with its pre-IPO corporate structure as shown in table below: 

Notes: An auditor to review financial projections has been appointed and corresponding work will be carried
out as soon as said China work and restructuring work have be completed. 

Below tables show some of the interest
information of Triway s fishery activities:   

(B). Beef   Cattle Project and other
carve-out projects   

The Company is on schedule with SJAP on its
Carve-out exercise and subsequent listing on the Chinese National Exchange and Quotation Board (NEEQ). The Company s IR firm
will soon initiate periodic updates to shareholders on milestones, as they occur. 

Income Taxes     

The Company was incorporated in the State
of Nevada, in the United States of America. The Company has no trading operations in United States of America and no US corporate
tax has been provided for in the consolidated financial statements of the Company. 

Undistributed Earnings of Foreign Subsidiaries  

The Company intends to use the remaining accumulated and future
earnings of foreign subsidiaries to expand operations outside the United States and accordingly, undistributed earnings of foreign
subsidiaries are considered to be indefinitely reinvested outside the United States and no provision for U.S. Federal and State
income tax or applicable dividend distribution tax has been provided thereon. 

The Company had appointed a US tax professional
to assist in filing income tax returns with the IRS in July, 2016 for the years ended December 31, 2007 through December 31, 2013
in compliance with US Treasury Internal Revenue Service Code. The income tax return for 2015 is expected to be filed during calendar
year 2016. 

At the same time, The Company has reviewed
its tax position with the assistance of a US tax professional and believes that there will be no taxes and no penalties assessed
by the Internal Revenue Service in the United States of America. 

No EIT has been provided in the financial
statements of SIAF, CA, JHST, JHMC, JFD, HAS, QZH and SJAP since they are exempt from EIT for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 as they are within the agriculture, dairy and fishery sectors. 

CA, CS and CH are international business
companies incorporated in Belize, and are exempt from corporate tax in Belize. 

No Hong Kong profits tax has been provided
in the consolidated financial statements, since TRW did not earn any assessable profits arising in Hong Kong for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

No Macau Corporate income tax has been
provided in the consolidated financial statements, since APWAM and MEIJI did not earn any assessable profits in Macau for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

No Swedish Corporate income tax has been
provided in the consolidated financial statements, since   SAFS 
 incurred a tax loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

No deferred tax assets and liabilities
are payable as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 since there was no difference between the financial statements carrying
amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the period in which the differences are
expected to reverse. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements   

 None. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

As of September 30 2016, unrestricted
cash and cash equivalents amounted to $9,052,566 (see notes to the consolidated financial statements), and our working capital
as of September 30, 2016 was $349,171,625. 

As of September 30, 2016, our total long-term
debts are as follows: 

Cash provided by operating activities amounted
to $62,060,468 for Q1-3 2016. This compares with cash provided by operating activities totaled $36,664,893 for Q1-3 2015. The increase
in cash flows provided by operating activities resulted primarily from the decrease of accounts receivable of $(84,654) for Q1-3
2016 from $(24,754,751) for Q1-3 2015. 

Cash used in investing activities totaled
$(57,758,296) for Q1-3 2016. This compares with cash used in investing activities totaling $(44,544,161) for Q1-3 2015. The increase
in cash flows used in investing activities resulted primarily from payment for construction of $(47,834,113) for Q1-3 2016 from
$(40,594,640) for Q1-3 2015. 

Cash provided by financing activities
totaled $(5,611,449) for Q1-3 2016. This compares with cash provided by financing activities totaling $9,765,852 for Q1-3 2015.
The decrease cash used in financing activities due to (i) for Convertible notes repaid of $ (7,676,760); and (ii) net proceeds
from negotiable promissory notes of $0 for Q1-3 2016 from $3,540,000 for Q1-3 2015. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

BASIS OF PRESENTATION  

The unaudited consolidated financial statements
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United
States of America ( US GAAP ). 

The unaudited quarterly financials for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 results are for the months and do not necessarily indicate the results for a full year.
The information included in this interim report should be read in conjunction with the information included in the Company s
annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 

BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION  

The consolidated financial statements include
the financial statements of SIAF, its subsidiaries Capital Award, CS, CH, TRW, MEIJI, JHST, JFD, JHMC, HSA, APWAM, SAFS and its
variable interest entity SJAP and QZH. All material inter-company transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.
The results of companies acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated Financial Statements from the
effective date of acquisition. 

BUSINESS COMBINATIONS  

The Company adopted the accounting pronouncements
relating to business combinations (primarily contained in ASC Topic 805  Business Combinations ), including assets
acquired and liabilities assumed arising from contingencies. These pronouncements established principles and requirements for how
the acquirer of a business recognizes and measures in its financial statements the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities
assumed, and any non-controlling interest in the acquire as well as provides guidance for recognizing and measuring the goodwill
acquired in the business combination and determines what information to disclose to enable users of the financial statements to
evaluate the nature and financial effects of the business combination. In addition, these pronouncements eliminate the distinction
between contractual and non-contractual contingencies, including the initial recognition and measurement criteria and require an
acquirer to develop a systematic and rational basis for subsequently measuring and accounting for acquired contingencies depending
on their nature. Our adoption of these pronouncements will have an impact on the manner in which we account for any future acquisitions. 

NON
CONTROLLING INTEREST IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

The Company adopted the accounting pronouncement
on non-controlling interests in consolidated financial statements, which establishes accounting and reporting standards for the
non-controlling interest in a subsidiary and for the deconsolidation of a subsidiary. This guidance is primarily contained in ASC
Topic  Consolidation . It clarifies that a non-controlling interest in a subsidiary is an ownership interest in the
consolidated financial statements. The adoption of this standard has not had material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

USE OF ESTIMATES  

The preparation of consolidated financial
statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make assumptions
and estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
the dates of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods
covered thereby. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Judgments and estimates of uncertainties are required in applying
the Company s accounting policies in certain areas. The following are some of the areas requiring significant judgments and
estimates: determinations of the useful lives of assets, estimates of allowances for doubtful accounts, cash flow and valuation
assumptions in performing asset impairment tests of long-lived assets, estimates of the reliability of deferred tax assets and
inventory reserves. 

REVENUE RECOGNITION  

The Company s revenue recognition
policies are in compliance with ASC 605. Sales revenue is recognized when all of the following have occurred: (i) persuasive evidence
of an arrangement exists, (ii) delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, (iii) the price is fixed or determinable,
and (iv), the ability to collect is reasonably assured. These criteria are generally satisfied at the time of shipment when risk
of loss and title passes to the customer. Service revenue is recognized when services have been rendered to a buyer by reference
to the stage of completion. License fee income is recognized on the accrual basis in accordance with the underlying agreements. 

Government grants are recognized upon (i)
the Company has substantially accomplished what we must be done pursuant to the terms of the policies and terms of the grant that
are established by the local government; and (ii) the Company receives notification from the local government that the Company
has satisfied all of the requirements to receive the government grants; and or (iii) the amounts are received. 

Multiple-Element Arrangements  

To qualify as a separate unit of accounting
under ASC 605-25  Multiple Element Arrangements  , the delivered item must have value to the customer on a standalone
basis. The significant deliverables under the Company s multiple-element arrangements are consulting and service under development
contract, commission and management service. 

Revenues from the Company's fishery development
services contract are performed under fixed-price contracts. Revenues under long-term contracts are accounted for under the percentage-of-completion
method of accounting in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification
( ASC ) Topic 605,  Revenue Recognition  ( ASC 605 ). Under the percentage-of-completion method, the
Company estimates profit as the difference between total estimated revenue and total estimated cost of a contract and recognized
that profit over the contract term. The percentage of costs incurred determines the amount of revenue to be recognized. Payment
terms are generally defined by the installation contract and as a result may not match the timing of the costs incurred by the
Company and the related recognition of revenue. Such differences are recorded as either costs or estimated earnings in excess of
billings on uncompleted contracts or billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts. 

The Company determines a customer s
credit worthiness at the time an order is accepted. Sudden and unexpected changes in a customer s financial condition could
put recoverability at risk. 

The percentage of completion method requires
the ability to estimate several factors, including the ability of the customer to meet its obligations under the contract, including
the payment of amounts when due. If the Company determines that collectability is not assured, we will defer revenue recognition
and use methods of accounting for the contract such as the completed contract method until such time as the Company determines
that collectability is reasonably assured or through the completion of the project. 

For fixed-price contracts, the Company
uses the ratio of costs incurred to date on the contract (excluding uninstalled direct materials) to management's estimate of the
contract's total costs, to determine the percentage of completion on each contract. This method is used as management considers
expended costs to be the best available measure of progression of these contracts. Contract costs included all direct material,
subcontract and labor costs and those indirect costs related to contract performance, such as supplies, tool repairs and depreciation.
The Company accounts for maintenance and repair services under the guidance of ASC 605 as the services provided relate to construction
work. Contract costs incurred to date and expected total contract costs are continuously monitored during the term of the contract.
Changes in job performance, job conditions, and estimated profitability arising from contract penalty, change orders and final
contract settlements may result in revisions to the estimated profitability during the contract. These changes, which include contracts
with estimated costs in excess of estimated revenues, are recognized as contract costs in the period in which the revisions are
determined. Profit incentives are included in revenues when their realization is reasonably assured. At the point the Company anticipates
a loss on a contract, the Company estimates the ultimate loss through completion and recognizes that loss in the period in which
the possible loss was identified. 

The Company does
not provide warranties to customers on a basis customary to the industry; however, the customers can claim warranty directly from
product manufacturers for defects in equipment or products. Historically, the Company has experienced no warranty claims. 

The Company s fishery development
consultancy services revenues are recognized when the relevant services are rendered, and are subject to a Chinese business tax
at a rate of 0% of the gross fishery development contract service income approved by the Chinese local government. 

COST OF GOODS SOLD AND SERVICES  

Cost of goods sold consists primarily of
direct purchase cost of merchandise goods, and related levies. Cost of services consists primarily of direct cost and indirect
cost incurred to date for development contracts and provision for anticipated losses on development contracts. 

SHIPPING AND HANDLING  

Shipping and handling costs related to
cost of goods sold are included in general and administrative expenses, which totaled $2,988, $1,260, $17,272 and $9,952 for the
three months and the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

ADVERTISING  

Advertising costs are included in general
and administrative expenses, which totaled $382,596, $712,614, $1,163,547 and $1,421,458 for the three months ended and the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES  

Research and development expenses are included
in general and administrative expenses, which totaled $0, $549,020, $0 and $549,020 for the three months ended and the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  

The Company considers all highly liquid
securities with original maturities of three months or less when acquired to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents kept
with financial institutions in People s Republic of China  ( P.R.C )  are not insured or otherwise protected.
Should any of those institutions holding the Company s cash become insolvent, or the Company is unable to withdraw funds
for any reason, the Company could lose the cash on deposit on that institution. 

ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE  

The Company maintains reserves for potential
credit losses on accounts receivable. Management reviews the composition of accounts receivable and analyzes historical bad debts,
customer concentrations, customer credit worthiness, current economic trends and changes in customer payment patterns to evaluate
the adequacy of these reserves. Terms of the sales vary. Reserves are recorded primarily on a specific identification basis. 

The standard credit period of the Company s
most of customers is three months. Any amount that has an extended settlement date of over one year is classified as a long term
receivable. Management evaluates the collectability of the receivables at least quarterly. There were no bad debts written off
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 or September 30, 2015. 

INVENTORIES  

Inventories are valued at the lower of
cost (determined on a weighted average basis) and net realizable value. Costs incurred in bringing each product to its location
and conditions are accounted for as follows: 

raw materials - purchase cost on a weighted average basis;   

manufactured finished goods and work-in-progress - cost of direct materials and labor and a proportion of manufacturing overhead
based on normal operation capacity but excluding borrowing costs; and   

retail and wholesale merchandise finished goods - purchase cost on a weighted average basis.   

Net realizable value is the estimated selling
price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale. 

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT  

Property and equipment are stated at cost
less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. Such costs include the cost of replacing parts that are eligible
for capitalization when the cost of replacing the parts is incurred. The assets  residual values, useful lives and depreciation
methods are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each year. 

Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line
basis over the estimated useful life of the assets. 

An item of property and equipment is removed
from the accounts upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset.
Any gain or loss arising on disposal of the asset (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying
amount of the item) is included in the consolidated statements of income in the period the item is disposed. 

GOODWILL  

Goodwill is an asset representing the fair
economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately
recognized. Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis at the end of the company s fiscal year, or when impairment
indicators arise. The Company uses a fair-value-based approach to test for impairment at the level of each reporting unit. The
Company directly acquired MEIJI which is engaged in Hu Plantation. As a result of this acquisition, the Company recorded goodwill
in the amount of $724,940. This goodwill represents the fair value of the assets acquired in these acquisitions over the cost of
the assets acquired. 

PROPRIETARY TECHNOLOGIES  

The Company has determined that technological
feasibility is established at the time a working model of products is completed. Master license of stock feed manufacturing technology
was acquired and the costs of acquisition were capitalized as proprietary technologies when technological feasibility had been
established. Proprietary technologies are intangible assets of finite lives. Proprietary technologies are amortized using the straight
line method over their estimated lives of 25 years. 

An aromatic cattle-feeding formula was
acquired and the costs of acquisition are capitalized as proprietary technologies when technological feasibility has been established.
Cost of acquisition on aromatic cattle-feeding formula is amortized using the straight-line method over its estimated life of 25
years. 

The cost of sleep cod breeding technology
license is capitalized as proprietary technologies when technological feasibility has been established. Cost of granting sleep
cod breeding technology license   is amortized using the straight-line
method over its entitled life of 25 years. 

Bacterial cellulose technology license
and related trademark are capitalized as proprietary technologies when technological feasibility has been established. Cost of
license and related trademark   is amortized using the straight-line
method over its estimated life of 20 years. 

Management evaluates the recoverability
of proprietary technologies on an annual basis of the end of the company s fiscal year, or when impairment indicators arise.
As required by ASC Topic 350  Intangible - Goodwill and Other , the Company uses a fair-value-based approach to test
for impairment. 

CONSTRUCTION IN PROGRESS  

Construction in progress represents direct
costs of construction as well as acquisition and design fees incurred. Capitalization of these costs ceases and the construction
in progress is transferred to property and equipment when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for
their intended use are completed. No depreciation is provided until construction is completed and the asset is ready for its intended
use. 

LAND USE RIGHTS  

Land use rights represent acquisition of
land use right rights of agriculture land from farmers and are amortized on the straight line basis over the respective lease periods.
The lease period of agriculture land is in the range from 10 years to 60 years. Land use rights purchase prices were determined
in accordance with the P.R.C Government s minimum lease payments of agriculture land and mutually agreed between the company
and the vendors. No independent professional appraiser performed a valuation of land use rights at the balance sheet dates. 

CORPORATE JOINT VENTURE  

A corporation formed, owned, and operated
by two or more businesses (ventures) as a separate and discrete business or project (venture) for their mutual benefit is considered
to be a corporate joint venture. Investee entities, in which the company can exercise significant influence, but not control, are
accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Under the equity method of accounting, the company s share of the earnings
or losses of these companies is included in net income. 

A loss in value of an investment that is
other than a temporary decline is recognized as a charge to operations. Evidence of a loss in value might include, but would not
necessarily be limited to absence of an ability to recover the carrying amount of the investment or inability of the investee to
sustain an earnings capacity that would justify the carrying amount of the investment. 

VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITY  

An entity (investee) in which the
investor has obtained less than a majority-owned interest, according to the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB).
A variable interest entity (VIE) is subject to consolidation if a VIE is an entity meeting one of the following three criteria
as elaborated in ASC Topic 810-10,  Consolidation . 

(a)  equity-at-risk is not sufficient to support the entity's activities   

(b)  as a group, the equity-at-risk holders cannot control the entity; or   

(c)  the economics do not coincide with the voting interest.   

If a firm is the primary beneficiary of
a VIE, the holdings must be disclosed on the balance sheet. The primary beneficiary is defined as the person or company with the
majority of variable interests 

TREASURY STOCK  

Treasury stock consists of a Company s
own stock which has been issued, but is subsequently reacquired by the Company. Treasury stock does not reduce the number of shares
issued but does reduce the number of shares outstanding. These shares are not eligible to receive cash dividends. Accounting for
excesses and deficiencies on treasury stock transactions is governed by ASC 505-30-30. 

State laws and federal agencies closely
regulate transactions involving a company s own capital stock, so the purchase of outstanding shares and converting them
into treasury shares must have a legitimate purpose. Some of the most common reasons for purchasing outstanding shares are as follows: 

(i) to meet additional stock needs for
various reasons, including newly implemented stock option plans, the issuance stock for convertible bonds or convertible preferred
stock, or a stock dividend; 

(ii) to eliminate the ownerships interests of a stockholder; 

(iii) to increase the market price of the stock that returns
capital to shareholders; and 

(iv) to potentially increase earnings per share of the stock
by decreasing the shares outstanding on the same earnings. 

The cost method of accounting for treasury
stock shares has been adopted by the Company. The purchase of outstanding shares is treated as a temporary reduction in shareholders 
equity in view of the expectation to reissue the shares instead of retiring them. When the Company reissues the treasury shares,
the temporary account is eliminated. The cost of treasury stock shares reacquired is charged to a contra account, in this case
a contra equity account that reduces the stockholder equity balance. 

INCOME TAXES  

The Company accounts for income taxes under
the provisions of ASC 740  Accounting for Income Taxes . Under ASC 740, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined
based on the difference between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted
tax rates in effect in the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. 

The provision for income tax is based on
the results for the year as adjusted for items, which are non-assessable or disallowed. It is calculated using tax rates that have
been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date. Deferred taxes area accounted for using the balance sheet liability
method in respect of temporary differences arising from differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities in the
financial statements and the corresponding tax basis used in the computation of assessable tax profit. In principle, deferred tax
liabilities are recognized for all taxable temporary differences, and deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it
is probable that taxable profit will be available against which deductible temporary differences can be utilized. 

Deferred income taxes are calculated at
the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realized or the liability is settled. Deferred tax is
charged or credited in the income statement, except when it relates to items credited or charged directly to equity, in which case
the deferred tax is also adjusted in the equity accounts. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when they relate to income
taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Company intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.
ASC 740 also prescribes a more-likely-than-not threshold for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position
taken, or expected to be taken, in a tax return. ASC 740 also provides guidance related to, among other things, classification,
accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax positions, and disclosure requirements. Any interest and penalties accrued
related to unrecognized tax benefits will be recorded in tax expense. 

POLITICAL AND BUSINESS RISK  

The Company's operations are carried out
in the PRC. Accordingly, the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations may be influenced by the political,
economic and legal environment in the PRC, and by the general state of the PRC's economy. The Company's operations in the PRC are
subject to specific considerations and significant risks not typically associated with companies in North America and Western Europe.
The Company's results may be adversely affected by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations, anti-inflationary
measures, currency conversion and remittance abroad, and rates and methods of taxation, among other things. 

IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS  

In accordance with ASC 360,  Property,
Plant and Equipment , long-lived assets to be held and used are analyzed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. The Company reviews the carrying amount of its long-lived assets,
including intangibles, for impairment, at the end of each fiscal year. An asset is considered impaired when estimated future cash
flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset. In the event the carrying amount of such asset is considered not recoverable,
the asset is adjusted to its fair value. Fair value is generally determined based on discounted future cash flow. As of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company determined no impairment losses were necessary. 

EARNINGS PER SHARE  

As prescribed in ASC Topic 260   Earning
per Share  , Basic Earnings per Share (  EPS  ) is computed by dividing net income available to common
stockholders by the weighted average number of common stock shares outstanding during the year. Diluted EPS is computed by dividing
net income available to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common stock shares outstanding during the year plus
potential dilutive instruments such as stock options and warrants. The effect of stock options on diluted EPS is determined through
the application of the treasury stock method, whereby proceeds received by the Company based on assumed exercises are hypothetically
used to repurchase the Company s common stock at the average market price during the period. 

For the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, basic earnings per share attributable to Sino Agro Food, Inc. and subsidiaries  common stockholders amount
to $1.04 and $1.14 respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, diluted earnings per share attributable
to Sino Agro Food, Inc. and its subsidiaries  common stockholders amounted to $0.95 and $1.14, respectively. 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, basic earnings per share attributable to Sino Agro Food, Inc. and subsidiaries  common stockholders amount
to $2.45 and $3.02 respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, diluted earnings per share attributable
to Sino Agro Food, Inc. and its subsidiaries  common stockholders amounted to $2.24 and $3.02, respectively. 

FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION  

The reporting currency of the Company is
the U.S. dollar. The functional currency of the Company is the Chinese Renminbi (RMB). For those entities whose functional currency
is other than the U.S. dollars, all assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate on the balance
sheet date; shareholder equity is translated at historical rates and items in the statements of income and of cash flows are translated
at the average rate for the period. 

Because cash flows are translated based
on the weighted average translation rate, amounts related to assets and liabilities reported in the statements of cash flows will
not necessarily agree with changes in the corresponding balances in the balance sheets. Translation adjustments resulting from
this process are included in accumulated other comprehensive income in the consolidated statements of equity. 

For the nine months ended September
30, 2015   

Translation gains and losses that arise
from exchange rate fluctuations on transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency are included in the
statements of income and comprehensive income as incurred. The balance sheet amounts with the exception of equity as of September
30, 2015 and December 31, 2014 were translated at RMB6.36 to $1.00 and RMB6.15 to $1.00, respectively. The average translation
rates applied to the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income and of cash flows for the nine months ended September.
30, 2015 and September 30, 2014 were RMB6.17 to $1.00 and RMB6.15 to $1.00, respectively. 

For the nine months ended September
30, 2016   

Translation gains and losses that arise
from exchange rate fluctuations on transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency are included in the
statements of income and comprehensive income as incurred. The balance sheet amounts with the exception of equity as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were translated at RMB6.68 to $1.00 and RMB6.36 to $1.00, respectively. The average translation
rates applied to the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income and of cash flows for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 were RMB6.58 to $1.00 and RMB6.17 to $1.00, respectively. 

ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  

ASC Topic 220   Comprehensive Income  
establishes standards for reporting and displaying comprehensive income and its components in financial statements. Comprehensive
income is defined as the change in stockholders  equity of a business enterprise during a period from transactions and other
events and circumstances from non-owner sources. The comprehensive income for all periods presented includes both the reported
net income and net change in cumulative translation adjustments. 

RETIREMENT BENEFIT COSTS  

P.R.C. state managed retirement benefit
programs are defined contribution plans and the payments to the plans are charged as expenses when employees have rendered service
entitling them to the contribution. 

STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION  

The Company adopts both ASC Topic 718,
 Compensation - Stock Compensation  and ASC Topic 505-50, Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees  using
the fair value method in which an entity issues its equity instruments to acquire goods and services from employees and non-employees.
Stock compensation for stock granted to non-employees has been determined in accordance with this accounting standard and the accounting
standard regarding accounting for equity instruments that are issued to other than employees for acquiring, or in conjunction with
selling goods or services, as the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of equity instruments issued, whichever
is more reliably measured. This accounting standard allows the  simplified  method to determine the term of employee
options when other information is not available. Under ASC Topic 718 and ASC Topic 505-50, stock compensation expenses is measured
at the grant date on the value of the option or restricted stock and is recognized as expenses, less expected forfeitures, over
the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period. 

FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  

The Company follows paragraph 825-10-50-10
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for disclosures about fair value of its financial instruments and paragraph 820-10-35-37
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( Paragraph 820-10-35-37 ) to measure the fair value of its financial
instruments. Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP), and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. To increase consistency and
comparability in fair value measurements and related disclosures, Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a fair value hierarchy which
prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three (3) broad levels. The fair value hierarchy
gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority
to unobservable inputs. The three (3) levels of fair value hierarchy defined by Paragraph 820-10-35-37 are described below: 

Level 1 Quoted market prices available
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. 

Level 2 Pricing inputs other than quoted
prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date. 

Level 3 Pricing inputs that are generally
observable inputs and not corroborated by market data. 

The carrying amounts of the Company s
financial assets and liabilities, such as cash and accrued expenses, approximate their fair values because of the short maturity
of these instruments. 

The carrying amounts of the Company s
financial assets and liabilities, such as cash and accrued expenses, approximate their fair values because of the short maturity
of these instruments. The Company does not have any assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring or a non-recurring
basis, consequently, the Company did not have any fair value adjustments for assets and liabilities measured at fair value as
of September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015, nor gains or losses are reported in the statements of income and comprehensive income
that are attributable to the change in unrealized gains or losses relating to those assets and liabilities still held at the reporting
date for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. 

NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS  

The Company does not expect any recent
accounting pronouncements to have a material effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) (ASU 2014-09), which
amends the existing accounting standards for revenue recognition. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14, Revenue from
Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date, which delays the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year.
The FASB also agreed to allow entities to choose to adopt the standard as of the original effective date. As such, the updated
standard will be effective for us in the first quarter of 2018, with the option to adopt it in the first quarter of 2017. We are
still evaluating the effect that the updated standard will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-10,
 Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements, Including an Amendment
to Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810, Consolidation . The guidance eliminates the definition of a development
stage entity thereby removing the incremental financial reporting requirements from U.S. GAAP for development stage entities, primarily
presentation of inception to date financial information. The provisions of the amendments are effective for annual reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2014, and the interim periods therein. However, early adoption is permitted. Accordingly, the Company
has adopted this standard as of July 31, 2014. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No.
2014-15,  Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.  ASU 2014-15 will explicitly
require management to assess an entity's ability to continue as a going concern, and to provide related footnote disclosure in
certain circumstances. This pronouncement is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after
December 15, 2016, and early adoption is permitted. Management is currently evaluating the impact of this pronouncement on our
consolidated financial statements. 

In November 2014, FASB issued ASU No. 2014-17,
(Business Combinations (Topic 805): Pushdown Accounting (a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force.) The amendments in
this update provide an acquired entity with an option to apply pushdown accounting in its separate financial statements upon occurrence
of an event in which an acquirer obtains control of the acquired entity. The adoption of ASU 2014-17 did not have a material impact
on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In January 2015, FASB issued ASU No. 2015-01,
Income Statement Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20): Simplifying Income Statement Presentation by Eliminating
the Concept of Extraordinary Items. This Update eliminates from GAAP the concept of extraordinary items. The amendments in this
Update are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. A reporting
entity may apply the amendments prospectively. A reporting entity also may apply the amendments retrospectively to all prior periods
presented in the financial statements. Early adoption is permitted provided that the guidance is applied from the beginning of
the fiscal year of adoption. The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU 2015-01 to have material impact on the Company s
consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2015, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2015-02, Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis. The new consolidation
standard changes the way reporting enterprises evaluate whether (a) they should consolidate limited partnerships and similar entities,
(b) fees paid to a decision maker or service provider are variable interests in a variable interest entity ( VIE ), and
(c) variable interests in a VIE held by related parties of the reporting enterprise require the reporting enterprise to consolidate
the VIE. The guidance is effective for public business entities for annual and interim periods in fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2015. Early adoption is allowed, including early adoption in an interim period. A reporting entity may apply a modified
retrospective approach by recording a cumulative-effect adjustment to equity as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption
or may apply the amendments retrospectively. The Company is currently assessing the impact of the adoption of this guidance on
the consolidated financial statements. 

In April 2015, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2015-03, which simplifies presentation
of debt issuance costs. The amendments in this update require that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be
presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts.
ASU No. 2015-03 will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, with early adoption permitted. The Company
has elected to adopt this ASU early and the adoption of this guidance did not have a material effect on its consolidated financial
statements. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2015-17,  Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes  (ASU 2015-17),
which simplifies the presentation of deferred income taxes by requiring deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as noncurrent
on the balance sheet. The updated standard is effective for us beginning on January 1, 2017 with early application permitted as
of the beginning of any interim or annual reporting period. The adoption of ASU 2015-17 did not have a material impact on the
Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842)  (ASU 2016-02), which
generally requires companies to recognize operating and financing lease liabilities and corresponding right-of-use assets on the
balance sheet. This guidance will be effective for us in the first quarter of 2019 on a modified retrospective basis and early
adoption is permitted. We are still evaluating the effect that this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements
and related disclosures. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations
(Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)  (ASU 2016-08) which clarifies the implementation guidance on principal versus agent
considerations. The guidance includes indicators to assist an entity in determining whether it controls a specified good or service
before it is transferred to the customers. This guidance will be effective for us in the first quarter of 2018, with the option
to adopt it in the first quarter of 2017. We are still evaluating the effect that this guidance will have on our consolidated
financial statements and related disclosures. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2016-09,  Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvement to Employee Share-based Payment
Accounting  (ASU 2016-09) to simplify the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences,
an option to recognize gross share-based compensation expense with actual forfeitures recognized as they occur, as well as certain
classifications on the statement of cash flows. This guidance will be effective for us in the first quarter of 2017, and early
adoption is permitted. We are still evaluating the effect that this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements
and related disclosures. 

Other accounting standards that have been
issued or proposed by FASB that do not require adoption until a future date are not expected to have a material impact on the consolidated
financial statements upon adoption. 

ITEM 3.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK.  

Not Applicable 

ITEM 4.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures  

We maintain  disclosure controls
and procedures,  as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange
Act ), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such
information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. We conducted an evaluation (the  Evaluation ),
under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Chief Financial Officer
( CFO ), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures ( Disclosure
Controls ) as of the end of the period covered by this report pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act. Based on this
Evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that our Disclosure Controls were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  

We have also evaluated our internal controls
for financial reporting, and there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
three months ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control
over financial reporting 

Limitations on the Effectiveness of
Controls  

Our management, including our CEO and CFO,
does not expect that our Disclosure Controls and internal controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no
matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control
system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits
of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation
of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been
detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns
can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons,
by collusion of two or more people, or by management or board override of the control. 

The design of any system of controls also
is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design
will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent
limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

None 

ITEM 1A.    RISK FACTORS  

Not applicable 

ITEM 2.    UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  

During the 3 months period ended September
30, 2016, we issued 1,191,537 shares out of which 1,191,537 shares were issued as security for a working capital trading facility. 

ITEM 3.    DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  

None 

ITEM 4.    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5.    OTHER INFORMATION  

None 

ITEM 6.    EXHIBITS  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the
requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SINO AGRO FOOD, INC.   

November 14, 2016 
     By: 
     /s/ LEE YIP KUN SOLOMON  

Lee Yip Kun Solomon  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

November 14, 2016 
     By:    
     /s/ LEE YIP KUN SOLOMON  

Lee Yip Kun Solomon  

Chief Executive Officer, Director  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

November 14, 2016  
      By:     
      /s/ Daniel Ritchey

Daniel Ritchey    

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

November 14, 2016 
     By: 
     /s/ TAN POAY TEIK  

Tan Poay Teik  

Chief Marketing Officer and Director  

November 14, 2016 
     By: 
     /s/ CHEN BOR HANN  

Chen Bor Hann  

Corporate Secretary and Director  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451724_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

Certification
of the Chief Executive Officer  

I, LEE YIP KUN SOLOMON, certify that: 

1.    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 of Sino Agro Food, Inc.; 

2.    Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.    The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and we have: 

a)    designed such disclosure controls
and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared; 

b)    designed such internal controls
over financial reporting, or caused such internal controls over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)    evaluated the effectiveness of
the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d)    disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5.    The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a)    all significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b)    any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls
over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

By: 
     /s/ LEE YIP KUN SOLOMON 

Name: Lee Yip Kun Solomon 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451724_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

Certification of the Chief Financial
Officer  

I, Dan Ritchey, certify that: 

1.    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 of Sino Agro Food, Inc.; 

2.    Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.    The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and we have: 

a)    designed such disclosure controls
and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared; 

b)    designed such internal controls
over financial reporting, or caused such internal controls over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)    evaluated the effectiveness of
the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d)    disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5.    The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a)    all significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b)    any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial
reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

By: 
     /s/ Daniel Ritchey 

Name: Daniel Ritchey 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v451724_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with
the Quarterly Report of Sino Agro Food, Inc. (the  Registrant ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Lee Yip Kun Solomon, Principal
Executive Officer of the Registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) the Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) the information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

By: /s/ LEE YIP KUN SOLOMON  

Name: Lee Yip Kun Solomon  

Title: Chief Executive Officer   

In connection with
the Quarterly Report of Sino Agro Food, Inc. (the  Registrant ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Daniel Ritchey, Principal
Financial Officer of the Registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) the Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) the information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

By: /s/ Daniel Ritchey  

Name: Daniel Ritchey  

Title: Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 17
 siaf-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 18
 siaf-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 19
 siaf-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 20
 siaf-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 21
 siaf-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 22
 siaf-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

