<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1345016_0001206774-16-007532_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5338599</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>221247</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>303097</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1326077</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2231848</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1135226</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>47</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001206774-16-007532.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109090042
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001206774-16-007532
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			YELP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001345016
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PERSONAL SERVICES [7200]
		IRS NUMBER:				201854266
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35444
		FILM NUMBER:		161982913

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		140 NEW MONTGOMERY STREET
		STREET 2:		9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(415) 908-3801

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		140 NEW MONTGOMERY STREET
		STREET 2:		9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94105

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	YELP! INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051121

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001206774-16-007532.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 yelp3063376-10q.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

YELP INC.    (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in
      Its Charter)    

Delaware   
      
       20-1854266    
   
      (State or Other Jurisdiction of  
      
      (I.R.S. Employer   
   
      Incorporation or Organization)  
      
      Identification No.)   

140 New Montgomery Street,
      9     th
           Floor   

San Francisco, CA   
      
       94105    
   
      (Address of Principal Executive
      Offices)  
      
      (Zip
Code)    
 
   (415)
908-3801    (Registrant s
Telephone Number, Including Area Code)  ________________________  
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.
  YES      NO    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files).
  YES      NO    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer 
and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.   

Large accelerated filer      
      
      Accelerated filer       

Non-accelerated filer (Do not check if a smaller reporting
      company)      

Smaller reporting company         
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).   YES            NO      
  As of October 28, 2016, there were 78,457,418 shares of registrant s
common stock, par value $0.000001 per share, issued and outstanding.  

Y    ELP     I    NC    .      Q    UARTERLY
    R    EPORT ON     F    ORM     10-Q     T    ABLE OF
    C    ONTENTS        

Page    
   
       P    ART     I.
      F    INANCIAL
          I    NFORMATION   

Item 1.  
      
      Financial Statements
      (Unaudited).  

Condensed Consolidated
      Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
    2015.  
      1   

Condensed Consolidated
      Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months
      Ended                September
      30, 2016 and 2015.  
      2   

Condensed Consolidated
      Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Three
      and                Nine
      Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
      3   

Condensed Consolidated
      Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended
      September                 30,
      2016 and 2015.  
      4   

Notes to Condensed
      Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      5   

Item 2.  
      
      Management s
      Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
      Operations.  
      20   

Item
      3.  
      
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
    Risk.  
      30   

Item 4.  
      
      Controls and
      Procedures.  
      31   

P    ART     II.
      O    THER
          I    NFORMATION   

Item 1.  
      
      Legal
      Proceedings.  
      32   

Item
      1A.  
      
      Risk
      Factors.  
      32   

Item 2.  
      
      Unregistered Sales of
      Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.  
      50   

Item
      3.  
      
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  
      50   

Item 4.  
      
      Mine Safety
      Disclosures.  
      50   

Item
      5.  
      
      Other
      Information.  
      50   

Item 6.  
      
      Exhibits.  
      50   

S    IGNATURES   
      51    
 ________________________________________

  Unless the context suggests
otherwise, references in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the  Quarterly
Report ) to  Yelp,  the  Company,   we,   us  and  our  refer to Yelp Inc. and,
where appropriate, its subsidiaries.  
  
  Unless the context
otherwise indicates, where we refer in this Quarterly Report to our  mobile
application  or  mobile app,  we refer to all of our applications for
mobile-enabled devices; references to our  mobile platform  refer to both our
mobile app and the versions of our website that are optimized for mobile-based
browsers. Similarly, references to our  website  refer to versions of our
website dedicated to both desktop- and mobile-based browsers, as well as the
U.S. and international versions of our website.     
   SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS    
  This Quarterly Report
contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and
assumptions that, if they never materialize or prove incorrect, could cause our
results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such
forward-looking statements. The statements contained in this Quarterly Report
that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ),
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements are often identified by the use of
words such as, but not limited to,  anticipate,   believe,   can,   continue, 
 could,   estimate,   expect,   intend,   may,   might,   plan,   project, 
 seek,   should,   target,   will,   would  and similar expressions or
variations intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are
based on the beliefs and assumptions of our management, which are in turn based
on information currently available to management. Such forward-looking
statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other important factors that
could cause actual results and the timing of certain events to differ materially
from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not
limited to, those discussed in the section entitled     Risk Factors     included under Part II, Item 1A below.
Furthermore, such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this
report. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any
forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of
such statements.  

NOTE REGARDING METRICS
   
  We review a number of
performance metrics to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify
trends in our business, prepare financial projections and make strategic
decisions. Please see the section titled     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations Key Metrics     for
information on how we define our key metrics. Unless otherwise stated, these
metrics do not include metrics from our Eat24 or Yelp Reservations (previously
referred to as SeatMe) businesses.  
  
  While our metrics are based
on what we believe to be reasonable calculations, there are inherent challenges
in measuring usage across our large user base around the world. Certain of our
performance metrics, including the number of unique devices accessing our mobile
app, are tracked with internal company tools, which are not independently
verified by any third party and have a number of limitations. For example, our
metrics may be affected by mobile applications that automatically contact our
servers for regular updates with no discernable user action involved; this
activity can cause our system to count the device associated with the app as an
app unique device in a given period.  
  
  Our metrics that are
calculated based on data from third parties   the number of desktop and mobile
website unique visitors   are subject to similar limitations. Our third-party
providers periodically encounter difficulties in providing accurate data for
such metrics as a result of a variety of factors, including human and software
errors. In addition, because these traffic metrics are tracked based on unique
cookie identifiers, an individual who accesses our website from multiple devices
with different cookies may be counted as multiple unique visitors, and multiple
individuals who access our website from a shared device with a single cookie may
be counted as a single unique visitor. As a result, the calculations of our
unique visitors may not accurately reflect the number of people actually
visiting our website.     
  Our measures of traffic and
other key metrics may also differ from estimates published by third parties
(other than those whose data we use to calculate such metrics) or from similar
metrics of our competitors. We are continually seeking to improve our ability to
measure these key metrics, and regularly review our processes to assess
potential improvements to their accuracy.     

PART         I. FINANCIAL    
    INFORMATION    
   ITEM         1. FINANCIAL    
    STATEMENTS    
   YELP INC.
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS  (In thousands, except share and per share data)
    (Unaudited)           
  
  See notes to condensed
consolidated financial statements.   
  1     

YELP INC.
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (In thousands, except per share data)
    (Unaudited)  

(1)  
        
      The structure of the Company's common stock changed in the three
      months ended September 30, 2016. Refer to Note 13 for
  details.     
  See notes to condensed
consolidated financial statements.  
  2     

YELP INC.
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (In thousands)     (Unaudited)   
  
  See notes to condensed
consolidated financial statements.   
  3     

YELP INC.
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In thousands)     (Unaudited)   
  
  See notes to condensed
consolidated financial statements.   
  4     

YELP INC.
     NOTES TO CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited)    
   1. DESCRIPTION OF
BUSINESS AND BASIS FOR PRESENTATION      
  Yelp Inc. was incorporated
in Delaware on September 3, 2004. Except where specifically noted or the context
otherwise requires, the use of terms such as the  Company  and  Yelp  in these
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements refers to Yelp Inc. and its
subsidiaries.     
  Yelp connects people with
great local businesses by bringing  word of mouth  online and providing a
platform for businesses and consumers to engage and transact. Yelp s platform is
transforming the way people discover local businesses; every day, millions of
consumers visit its website or use its mobile app to find great local businesses
to meet their everyday needs. Businesses of all sizes use the Yelp platform to
engage with consumers at the critical moment when they are deciding where to
spend their money.     
   Basis of
Presentation      
  The accompanying interim
condensed consolidated financial statements are unaudited. These unaudited
interim condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America ( GAAP ) and the applicable rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) regarding interim financial reporting. Certain
information and note disclosures normally included in the financial statements
prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such
rules and regulations. Accordingly, these unaudited interim condensed
consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the
consolidated financial statements contained in the Company s Annual Report on
Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 24, 2016 (the  Annual Report ). The
unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 included
herein was derived from the audited consolidated financial statements as of that
date, but does not include all disclosures required by GAAP, including certain
notes to the financial statements.  
  
  The unaudited interim
condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the same basis
as the audited consolidated financial statements, except as follows:  
  Effective as of January 1, 2016, the Company adopted Accounting Standards
Update 2016-09,  Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718)  ( ASU 2016-09 ).
ASU 2016-09 permits entities to make an accounting policy election related to
how forfeitures will impact the recognition of compensation cost for stock-based
compensation: to estimate the total number of awards for which the requisite
service period will not be rendered (as currently required) or to account for
forfeitures as they occur. Upon early adoption of ASU 2016-09, the Company
elected to change its accounting policy to account for forfeitures as they
occur. The change was applied on a modified retrospective basis with a
cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings of $1.1 million (which reduced
the accumulated deficit) as of January 1, 2016.     
  ASU 2016-09 also eliminated
the requirement that excess tax benefits be realized as a reduction in current
taxes payable before the associated tax benefit could be recognized as an
increase in paid in capital. Approximately $164.1 million of federal net
operating losses, $125.7 million of state net operating losses, $1.8 million of
Ireland net operating losses, $1.3 million of federal research and development
tax credits and $0.1 million of state Enterprise Zone credits (none of which
were included in the deferred tax assets recognized in the statement of
financial position as of December 31, 2015) had been attributed to tax deduction
for stock-based compensation in excess of the related book expense. Under ASU
2016-09, these previously unrecognized deferred tax assets were recognized on a
modified retrospective basis as of January 1, 2016, the start of the year in
which the Company early adopted ASU 2016-09. The U.S. federal and state net
operating losses and credits recognized as of January 1, 2016, as described
above, have been offset by a valuation allowance. As a result, only the Ireland
net operating losses resulted in a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained
earnings of $0.2 million (which reduced the accumulated deficit) as of January
1, 2016.     
  Additionally, ASU 2016-09
addresses the presentation of excess tax benefits and employee taxes paid on the
statement of cash flows. The Company is now required to present excess tax
benefits as an operating activity in the same manner as other cash flows related
to income taxes on the statement of cash flows rather than as a financing
activity. The Company adopted this change prospectively.     
  In the opinion of
management, the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements include all adjustments of a normally recurring nature necessary for
the fair presentation of the interim periods presented.     

  5     

Significant Accounting
Policies      
   Stock-Based
Compensation    The Company accounts
for stock-based employee compensation plans under the fair value recognition and
measurement provisions in accordance with applicable accounting standards, which
require all stock-based payments to employees, including
grants of stock options, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units and
issuances under its 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended ( ESPP ), to
be measured based on the grant date fair value of the awards.     
  Prior to January 1, 2016,
stock-based compensation expense was recorded net of estimated forfeitures in
the Company s consolidated statements of income (loss) and, accordingly, was
recorded for only those stock-based awards that the Company expected to vest.
The Company estimated the forfeiture rate based on historical forfeitures of
equity awards and adjusted the rate to reflect changes in facts and
circumstances, if any. The Company revised its estimated forfeiture rate if
actual forfeitures differed from its initial estimates.     
  Effective as of January 1,
2016, the Company adopted a change in accounting policy in accordance with ASU
2016-09 to account for forfeitures as they occur. The change was applied on a
modified retrospective basis, and no prior periods were restated as a result of
this change in accounting policy.  
  
   Income
Taxes      Prior to January 1, 2016,
the Company recognized the excess tax benefits of stock-based compensation
expense as additional paid-in capital ( APIC ), and tax deficiencies of
stock-based compensation expense in the income tax provision or as APIC to the
extent that there were sufficient recognized excess tax benefits previously
recognized. As a result of the prior requirement that excess tax benefits reduce
taxes payable prior to being recognized as an increase in paid in capital, the
Company had not recognized certain deferred tax assets (all tax attributes such
as loss or credit carryforwards) that could have been attributed to tax
deductions related to equity compensation in excess of compensation recognized
for financial reporting.     
  Effective as of January 1,
2016, the Company early adopted a change in accounting policy in accordance with
ASU 2016-09 to account for excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies as income
tax expense or benefit, treated as discrete items in the reporting period in
which they occur, and to recognize previously unrecognized deferred tax assets
that arose directly from (or the use of which was postponed by) tax deductions
related to equity compensation in excess of compensation recognized for
financial reporting. The change was applied on a modified retrospective basis;
no prior periods were restated as a result of this change in accounting policy.
  
   Cost-Method Investments
     Nonmarketable equity
investments that the Company has determined do not meet the criteria for
accounting under the equity method of accounting are accounted for using the
cost method of accounting and classified as  Other non-current assets  on the
condensed consolidated balance sheets. Under the cost method, investments are
carried at cost and are adjusted only for other-than-temporary declines in fair
value, certain distributions and additional investments. The carrying amount of
investments is reviewed if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying value may not be recoverable.  
  There have been no other
material changes to the Company s significant accounting policies from those
described in the Annual Report.   
   Recent Accounting
Pronouncements Not Yet Effective   
  
  In May 2014, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers  ( ASU 2014-09 ). ASU 2014-09 supersedes
the revenue recognition requirements in  Revenue Recognition (Topic 605),  and
requires entities to recognize revenue when they transfer promised goods or
services to customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration that the
entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for such goods or services. As
currently issued and amended, ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that
reporting period, though early adoption is permitted for annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2016. In March, April and May 2016, the
FASB issued implementation guidance on the considerations in principal versus
agent determination, Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing and
Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients, respectively. The Company is
currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2014-09
and the related implementation guidance on its consolidated financial
statements.     
  In January 2016, FASB
issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-01,  Recognition and Measurement of
Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities (Subtopic 825-10)  ( ASU 2016-01 ).
The new standard provides guidance for the recognition, measurement,
presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. This guidance is effective
for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and early
adoption is not permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the
adoption of ASU 2016-01 on its consolidated financial statements.     
  In February 2016, FASB
issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02,  Leases  ( ASU 2016-02 ). The
new guidance generally requires an entity to recognize on its balance sheet
operating and financing lease liabilities and corresponding right-of-use assets.
The standard will be effective for the first interim period within annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018 and early adoption is
permitted. The new standard requires a modified retrospective transition for
existing leases to each prior reporting period presented. The Company is
currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-02 on its
consolidated financial statements.   
  6     

In August 2016, FASB issued
Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Subtopic
230)  ( ASU 2016-15 ). The new guidance provides clarity around the cash flow
classification for eight specific issues in an effort to reduce the current and
potential future diversity in practice. The standard will be effective for the
first interim period within annual reporting periods beginning after December
15, 2017 and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-15 on its consolidated financial
statements.   
   Principles of
Consolidation      
  These unaudited interim
condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company
and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions
have been eliminated in consolidation.     
   Use of
Estimates      
  The preparation of the
Company s unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements in
conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed consolidated
financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the
reporting period. These estimates are based on information available as of the
date of the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements;
therefore, actual results could differ from management s estimates.     
   2. FAIR VALUE OF
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS      
  The Company s investments
in money market accounts are recorded as cash equivalents at fair value in the
consolidated financial statements. All other financial instruments are
classified as held-to-maturity investments and, accordingly, are recorded at
amortized cost; however, the Company is required to determine the fair value of
these investments on a recurring basis to identify any potential impairment. The
accounting guidance for fair value measurements prioritizes the inputs used in
measuring fair value in the following hierarchy:     
   Level 1    Observable inputs, such as quoted prices in
active markets,     
   Level 2    Inputs other than quoted prices in active markets
that are observable either directly or indirectly, or     
   Level 3    Unobservable inputs in which there are little or
no market data, which require the Company to develop its own
assumptions.     
  This hierarchy requires the
Company to use observable market data, when available, to minimize the use of
unobservable inputs when determining fair value. The Company s money market
funds are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy because they are
valued using quoted prices in active markets. The Company s commercial paper,
corporate bonds, agency bonds and agency discount notes are classified within
Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy because they have been valued using inputs
other than quoted prices in active markets that are observable directly or
indirectly.     
  The following table
represents the Company s financial instruments measured at fair value as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (in thousands):  
  
  7     

3. MARKETABLE SECURITIES      
  The amortized cost, gross
unrealized gains and losses, and fair value of securities held-to-maturity, all
of which mature within one year, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015
were as follows (in thousands):  

The following table
presents gross unrealized losses and fair values for those securities that were
in an unrealized loss position as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
aggregated by investment category and the length of time that the individual
securities have been in a continuous loss position (in thousands):   
  
  The Company periodically
reviews its investment portfolio for other-than-temporary impairment. The
Company considers such factors as the duration, severity and reason for the
decline in value, and the potential recovery period. The Company also considers
whether it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell the
securities before the recovery of their amortized cost basis, and whether the
amortized cost basis cannot be recovered as a result of credit losses. During
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company did not
recognize any other-than-temporary impairment loss.     
  8     

4.
ACQUISITIONS          

   2015 Acquisition      
  On February 9, 2015, the
Company acquired Eat24Hours.com, Inc. ( Eat24 ). In connection with the
acquisition, all of the outstanding capital stock of Eat24 was converted into
the right to receive an aggregate of approximately $75.0 million in cash, less
certain transaction expenses, and 1,402,844 shares of Yelp Class A common stock
with an aggregate fair value of approximately $59.2 million, as determined on
the basis of the closing market price of the Company s Class A common stock on
the acquisition date. Of the total consideration paid in connection with the
acquisition, $16.5 million in cash and 308,626 shares were initially held in
escrow to secure indemnification obligations. The balance remaining in the
escrow fund was $3.4 million in cash as of September 30, 2016. The key purpose
underlying the acquisition was to obtain an online food ordering solution to
drive daily engagement in the Company s key restaurant vertical.     
  The acquisition was
accounted for as a business combination in accordance with Accounting Standards
Codification Topic 805,  Business Combinations,  with the results of Eat24 s
operations included in the Company s consolidated financial statements from
February 9, 2015. The initial purchase price allocation was as follows (in

thousands):   

Estimated useful lives and
the amount assigned to each class of intangible assets acquired are as follows:

The intangible assets are
being amortized on a straight-line basis, which reflects the pattern in which
the economic benefits of the intangible assets are being utilized. The goodwill
results from the Company s opportunity to drive daily engagement in its
restaurant vertical and potentially expand Eat24 s offering to the approximately
one million U.S. restaurants listed on the Company s platform. None of the
goodwill is deductible for tax purposes.     
  9     

The Company recorded no
acquisition-related costs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
and zero and $0.2 million in acquisition-related costs in the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, which were included in the
general and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated statements
of operations.     
   5. CASH AND CASH
EQUIVALENTS      
  Cash and cash equivalents
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consisted of the following (in
thousands):   

The lease agreements for
certain of the Company s offices require the Company to maintain letters of
credit issued to the landlords of each facility. Each letter of credit is
subject to renewal annually until the applicable lease expires and is
collateralized by restricted cash. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the Company had letters of credit totaling $17.3 million and $16.5
million, respectively, related to such leases.     
   6. PROPERTY, EQUIPMENT
AND SOFTWARE, NET      
  Property, equipment and
software, net as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consisted of the
following (in thousands):   
  
  Depreciation expense was
approximately $7.5 million and $5.8 million for the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and approximately $20.8 million and $16.7
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively.     
   7. GOODWILL AND
INTANGIBLE ASSETS      
  The Company s goodwill is
the result of its acquisitions of other businesses, and represents the excess of
purchase consideration over the fair value of assets and liabilities acquired.
The Company performed its annual goodwill impairment analysis during the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and concluded that goodwill was not impaired, as
the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value.     
  10     

The changes in the carrying
amount of goodwill during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were as
follows (in thousands):     

Intangible assets at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consisted of the following (dollars in
thousands):   
  
  Amortization expense was
$1.7 million for each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and
$5.1 million and $4.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively.     
  As of September 30, 2016,
the estimated future amortization of purchased intangible assets for (i) the
remaining three months of 2016, (ii) each of the succeeding five years and (iii)
thereafter is as follows (in thousands):  
  11     

8. OTHER NON-CURRENT
ASSETS    
  Other non-current assets as
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consisted of the following (in
thousands):     

Cost-method investments
represent the Company s investment in the preferred stock of Nowait, Inc. a
mobile platform that allows restaurants to manage their waitlists which was
purchased on July 15, 2016. The remaining other non-current assets are primarily
deferred tax assets.     
   9. ACCRUED
LIABILITIES      
  Accrued liabilities as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consisted of the following (in
thousands):     
  
  12     

10. LONG-TERM
LIABILITIES      
  Long-term liabilities as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consisted of the following (in
thousands):   
  
   11. OTHER INCOME
(EXPENSE), NET      
  Other income (expense), net
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 consisted of the
following (in thousands):   
  
   12. COMMITMENTS AND
CONTINGENCIES      
   Office Facility
Leases    The Company leases its
office facilities under operating lease agreements that expire from 2016 to
2025. Certain lease agreements provide for rental payments on a graduated basis.
The Company recognizes rent expense on a straight-line basis over the lease
period. Rental expense was $9.3 million and $8.2 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $26.9 million and $22.7
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively.     
  The Company has subleased
certain office facilities under operating lease agreements that expire in 2021.
The Company recognizes sublease rentals as a reduction in rental expense on a
straight-line basis over the lease period. Sublease rentals were $0.5 million
and $0.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively, and $1.5 million and $0.9 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.     
   Legal
Proceedings    The Company is
subject to legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business.
Although the results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with
certainty, the Company currently does not believe that the final outcome of any
of these matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company s business,
financial position, results of operations or cash flows.     
  In August 2014, two
putative class action lawsuits alleging violations of federal securities laws
were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California,
naming as defendants the Company and certain of its officers. The lawsuits
allege violations of the Exchange Act by the Company and certain of its officers
for allegedly making materially false and misleading statements regarding the
Company s business and operations between October 29, 2013 and April 3, 2014.
These cases were subsequently consolidated and, in January 2015, the plaintiffs
filed a consolidated complaint seeking unspecified monetary damages and other
relief. Following the court s dismissal of the consolidated complaint on April
21, 2015, the plaintiffs filed a first amended complaint on May 21, 2015. On
November 24, 2015, the court dismissed the first amended complaint with
prejudice, and entered judgment in the Company s favor on December 28, 2015. The
plaintiffs have appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit.     
  On April 23, 2015, a
putative class action lawsuit was filed by former Eat24 employees in the
Superior Court of California for San Francisco County, naming as defendants the
Company and Eat24. The lawsuit asserts that the defendants failed to permit meal
and rest periods for certain current and former employees working as Eat24
customer support specialists, and alleges violations of the California Labor
Code, applicable Industrial Welfare Commission Wage Orders and the California
Business and Professions Code. The plaintiffs seek monetary damages in an
unspecified amount and injunctive relief. On May 29, 2015, plaintiffs filed a
first amended complaint asserting an
additional cause of action for penalties under the Private Attorneys General
Act. In January 2016, the Company reached a preliminary agreement to settle this
matter for payments in the aggregate amount of up to approximately $0.6 million,
which the court preliminarily approved on June 27, 2016. The settlement is
currently awaiting final court approval.     
  13     

On June 24, 2015, a former
Eat24 sales employee filed a lawsuit, on behalf of herself and a putative class
of current and former Eat24 sales employees, against Eat24 in the Superior Court
of California for San Francisco County. The lawsuit alleges that Eat24 failed to
pay required wages, including overtime wages, allow meal and rest periods and
maintain proper records, and asserts causes of action under the California Labor
Code, applicable Industrial Welfare Commission Wage Orders and the California
Business and Professions Code. The plaintiff seeks monetary damages and
penalties in unspecified amounts, as well as injunctive relief. On August 3,
2015, the plaintiff filed a first amended complaint asserting an additional
cause of action for penalties under the Private Attorneys General Act. In
January 2016, the Company reached a preliminary agreement to settle this matter
for payments in the aggregate amount of up to approximately $0.2 million, which
the court preliminarily approved on August 29, 2016. The settlement is currently
awaiting final court approval.     
  Based on the preliminary
settlement agreements reached in connection with the two lawsuits by former
Eat24 employees described above, the Company recognized a liability for each of
the proposed settlement amounts as part of its accrued liabilities as of
September 30, 2016. In February 2016, $1.1 million was released to the Company
from the escrow fund established in connection with the acquisition of Eat24, to
fund such settlement amounts and related legal expenses.     
   Indemnification
Agreements    In the ordinary course
of business, the Company may provide indemnifications of varying scope and terms
to customers, vendors, lessors, business partners and other parties with respect
to certain matters, including, but not limited to, losses arising out of breach
of such agreements, services to be provided by the Company or from intellectual
property infringement claims made by third parties. In addition, the Company has
entered into indemnification agreements with directors and certain officers and
employees that will require the Company to, among other things, indemnify them
against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service
as directors, officers or employees.  
  
  While the outcome of claims
cannot be predicted with certainty, the Company does not believe that the
outcome of any claims under the indemnification arrangements will have a
material effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations or
cash flows.     
   Payroll Tax
Audit    In June 2015, the Internal
Revenue Service ( IRS ) began a payroll tax audit of the Company for 2014 and
2013. The Company has assessed the estimated range of such loss and, as of
September 30, 2016, a liability of $0.5 million has been recorded. The Company
expects the audits and any related assessments to be finalized in
2017.     
   13. STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY
   
   Elimination of
Dual-Class Common Stock Structure   
  
  On September 22, 2016, all
outstanding shares of the Company s Class A common stock and Class B common
stock automatically converted into a single class of common stock (the
 Conversion ) pursuant to the terms of the Company s Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation. On September 23, 2016, the Company filed a
certificate with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware effecting the
retirement and cancellation of the Class A common stock and Class B common
stock. This certificate of retirement had the additional effect of eliminating
the authorized Class A and Class B shares, thereby reducing the Company s total
number of authorized shares of common stock from 500,000,000 to 200,000,000.
  
  The following table
presents the number of shares authorized and issued and outstanding as of the
dates indicated:   
  
  14     

Equity Incentive
Plans      
  The Company has outstanding
awards under three equity incentive plans: the Amended and Restated 2005 Equity
Incentive Plan (the  2005 Plan ), the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2011
Plan ) and the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (the  2012 Plan ). In July
2011, the Company adopted the 2011 Plan, terminated the 2005 Plan and provided
that no further stock awards were to be granted under the 2005 Plan. All
outstanding stock awards under the 2005 Plan continue to be governed by their
existing terms. Upon the effectiveness of the underwriting agreement in
connection with the Company s initial public offering ( IPO ), the Company
terminated the 2011 Plan and all shares that were reserved under the 2011 Plan
but not issued were assumed by the 2012 Plan. No further awards will be granted
pursuant to the 2011 Plan. All outstanding stock awards under the 2011 Plan
continue to be governed by their existing terms. Under the 2012 Plan, the
Company has the ability to issue incentive stock options, non-statutory stock
options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units ( RSUs ), restricted
stock awards ( RSAs ), performance units and performance shares. Additionally,
the 2012 Plan provides for the grant of performance cash awards to employees,
directors and consultants.  
  
    Stock
Options       
  Stock options granted under
the 2012 Plan are granted at a price per share not less than the fair value of a
share of the Company s common stock at date of grant. Options granted to date
generally vest over a four-year period, on one of three schedules: (a) 25%
vesting at the end of one year and the remaining shares vesting monthly
thereafter; (b) 10% vesting over the first year, 20% vesting over the second
year, 30% vesting over the third year and 40% vesting over the fourth year; or
(c) ratably on a monthly basis. Options granted are generally exercisable for up
to 10 years.     
  A summary of stock option
activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is as follows:   
  
  Aggregate intrinsic value
represents the difference between the closing price of the Company s common
stock and the exercise price of outstanding, in-the-money options. The total
intrinsic value of options exercised was approximately $10.2 million and $1.6
million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively,
and $14.9 million and $23.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively.     
  The weighted-average grant
date fair value of options granted was $13.16 and $18.76 per share for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $9.60 and $25.19 per
share for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively.     
  As of September 30, 2016,
total unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested stock options was
approximately $25.5 million, which is expected to be recognized over a
weighted-average time period of 1.99 years.     
    RSUs and
RSAs       
  The cost of RSUs and RSAs
is determined using the fair value of the Company s common stock on the date of
grant. RSUs and RSAs generally vest over a four-year period, on one of three
schedules: (a) 25% vesting at the end of one year and the remaining vesting
quarterly or annually thereafter; (b) 10% vesting over the first year, 20%
vesting over the second year, 30% vesting over the third year and 40% vesting
over the fourth year; or (c) ratably on a quarterly basis.     
  15     

A summary of RSU and RSA
activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is as follows:     
  
  As of September 30, 2016,
the Company had approximately $198.7 million of unrecognized stock-based
compensation expense related to RSUs and RSAs, which is expected to be
recognized over the remaining weighted-average vesting period of approximately
3.09 years.     
   Employee Stock Purchase
Plan      
  The ESPP allows eligible
employees to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at a discount through
payroll deductions of up to 15% of their eligible compensation, subject to any
plan limitations, during designated offering periods. At the end of each
offering period, employees are able to purchase shares at 85% of the fair market
value of the Company s common stock on the last day of the offering period.
There were no shares purchased by employees under the ESPP during the three
months ended September 30, 2016, and 200,953 shares purchased by employees under
the ESPP at a weighted-average purchase price of $22.26 per share during the
nine months ended September 30, 2016. There were no shares purchased by
employees under the ESPP during the three months ended September 30, 2015, and
162,373 shares purchased by employees under the ESPP at a weighted-average
purchase price of $31.17 per share during the nine months ended September 30,
2015. The Company recognized $0.4 million and $1.1 million of stock-based
compensation expense related to the ESPP in the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively, and $1.1 million and $3.8 million in the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   
   Stock-Based
Compensation      
  The following table
summarizes the effects of stock-based compensation expense related to
stock-based awards in the condensed consolidated statements of operations during
the periods presented (in thousands):   
  
  The Company capitalized
$1.3 million and $0.7 million of stock-based compensation expense as website
development and internal-use software costs in the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $3.3 million and $2.2 million in the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.     
  16     

14. NET INCOME (LOSS)
PER SHARE   
  Basic and diluted net
income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders for periods prior to
the Conversion are presented in conformity with the  two-class method  required
for participating securities. Prior to the Conversion, shares of Class A and
Class B common stock were the only outstanding equity in the Company. The rights
of the holders of Class A and Class B common stock were identical, except with
respect to voting and conversion. Each share of Class A common stock was
entitled to one vote per share and each share of Class B common stock was
entitled to ten votes per share. Shares of Class B common stock were convertible
into Class A common stock at any time at the option of the stockholder, and were
automatically converted upon sale or transfer to Class A common stock, subject
to certain limited exceptions, and in connection with certain other conversion
events.     
  Under the two-class method,
basic net income (loss) per share is computed using the weighted-average number
of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net income
(loss) per share is computed using the weighted-average number of shares of
common stock and, if dilutive, potential shares of common stock outstanding
during the period. The Company s potential shares of common stock consist of the
incremental shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options,
shares issuable upon the vesting of RSUs and, to a lesser extent, unvested
shares subject to RSAs and purchases related to the ESPP. The dilutive effect of
these potential shares of common stock is reflected in diluted earnings per
share by application of the treasury stock method. The computation of the
diluted net income (loss) per share of Class A common stock assumes the
conversion of Class B common stock, while the diluted net income (loss) per
share of Class B common stock does not assume the conversion of Class B common
stock.     
  The undistributed earnings
are allocated based on the contractual participation rights of the Class A and
Class B common stock as if the earnings for the year have been distributed. As
the liquidation and dividend rights are identical, the undistributed earnings
are allocated on a proportionate basis. Further, as the conversion of Class B
common stock is assumed in the computation of the diluted net income (loss) per
share of Class A common stock, the undistributed earnings are equal to net
income (loss) for that computation.   
  On September 22, 2016, the
Company s Class A and Class B common stock was converted into a single class of
common stock. Because shares of Class A and Class B common stock were
outstanding for a portion of the year ending December 31, 2016, the Company will
continue to disclose earnings per common share, or EPS, for both classes of
common stock.  
  The following table
presents the calculation of basic and diluted net income (loss) per share (in
thousands, except per share data):   
  
  17     

The following
weighted-average stock-based instruments were excluded from the calculation of
diluted net income (loss) per share because their effect would have been
anti-dilutive for the periods presented (in thousands):  
  
   15. INCOME
TAXES      
  The Company is subject to
income tax in the United States as well as other tax jurisdictions in which it
conducts business. Earnings from non-U.S. activities are subject to local
country income tax. The Company recorded an income tax provision of $0.2 million
and an income tax benefit of $3.2 million for the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and an income tax provision of $0.4 million and
an income tax benefit of $3.9 million for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively. The tax provision for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 is due to $0.3 million in U.S. state and foreign income tax
expense and $0.1 million of discrete expense. The tax benefit for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015 is due to $2.9 million in U.S. federal and state
and foreign income tax benefits, and $1.0 million in discrete
benefits.     
  Accounting for income taxes
for interim periods generally requires the provision for income taxes to be
determined by applying an estimate of the annual effective tax rate for the full
fiscal year to  ordinary  income or loss (pretax income or loss excluding
unusual or infrequently occurring discrete items) for the reporting period. For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 a discrete effective tax rate
method was used in jurisdictions where a small change in estimated ordinary
income has a significant impact on the annual effective tax rate. The primary
difference between the effective tax rate and the federal statutory tax rate
relates to the valuation allowances on certain of the Company s net operating
losses, foreign tax rate differences, meals and entertainment, tax credits, and
non-deductible stock-based compensation expense. Jurisdictions where no benefit
is recorded on forecasted losses were excluded from the consolidated effective
tax rate. As of September 30, 2016, the total amount of gross unrecognized tax
benefits was $8.1 million, $7.2 million of which is subject to a full valuation
allowance and would not affect the Company s effective tax rate if recognized.
As of September 30, 2016, the Company had an immaterial amount related to the
accrual of interest and penalties. During the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, the Company s gross unrecognized tax benefits increased by
$2.3 million and $3.1 million, respectively, an immaterial amount of which would
affect the Company s effective tax rate if recognized.     
  In addition, the Company is
subject to the continuous examination of its income tax returns by the IRS and
other tax authorities. The Company s federal and state income tax returns for
fiscal years 2004 through 2015 remain open to examination. In the Company s most
significant foreign jurisdictions   Ireland, the United Kingdom and Germany  
the open tax years range from 2010 to 2015. The Company regularly assesses the
likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from examinations to determine the
adequacy of its provision for income taxes, and monitors the progress of ongoing
discussions with tax authorities and the impact, if any, of the expected
expiration of the statute of limitations in various taxing jurisdictions. The
Company believes that an adequate provision has been made for any adjustments
that may result from tax examinations. However, the outcome of tax audits cannot
be predicted with certainty. If any issues addressed in the Company s tax audits
are resolved in a manner not consistent with management s expectations, the
Company could be required to adjust its provision for income taxes in the period
such resolution occurs. Although the timing of the resolution or closure of
audits is not certain, the Company believes it is reasonably possible that its
unrecognized tax benefits could be reduced by up to $0.2 million over the 12
months following December 31, 2015.   
  18     

It is the intention of the
Company to permanently reinvest the earnings from Darwin Social Marketing Inc.,
Yelp UK Ltd. and Yelp Ireland Holding Company Limited and its subsidiaries. The
Company does not provide for U.S. income taxes of foreign subsidiaries as such
earnings are to be reinvested indefinitely. As of September 30, 2016, the
Company estimates $2.3 million of cumulative foreign earnings upon which U.S.
income taxes have not been provided.  
   16. INFORMATION ABOUT
REVENUE AND GEOGRAPHIC AREAS   
  
  The Company considers
operating segments to be components of the Company in which separate financial
information is available that is evaluated regularly by the Company s chief
operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing
performance. The chief operating decision maker for the Company is the Chief
Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer reviews financial information
presented on a consolidated basis, accompanied by information about revenue by
product line and geographic region for purposes of allocating resources and
evaluating financial performance.  
  
  The Company has one
business activity and there are no segment managers who are held accountable for
operations, operating results or plans for levels or components below the
consolidated unit level. Accordingly, the Company has determined that it has a
single operating and reporting segment.     
   Net
Revenue      
  The following table below presents
the Company s net revenue by product line for the periods presented (in
thousands):  
  
  Revenue by geography is based on the billing address of the
customer. During the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, a substantial majority of the
Company s revenue was generated in the United States. In addition, no individual
customer accounted for 10% or more of consolidated net revenue in any such
period.     
   Long-Lived
Assets      
  The following table
presents the Company s long-lived assets by geographic region for the periods
indicated (in thousands):   

17. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS   
  On November 2, 2016 the Company announced plans to significantly reduce sales and marketing activities in certain
markets outside of the United States. Restructuring costs associated with this plan will be recorded in the
three months ending December 31, 2016 and will be composed primarily of severance costs for affected
employees. These restructuring costs are anticipated to be in the range of $2.0 million to $4.0
million. Additionally, any changes to foreign deferred tax balances as a result of this announcement will be
recorded as income tax expense in the three months ending December 31, 2016. The Company is still
assessing the extent of the reduction of sales and marketing activity. No goodwill, intangible assets or other
long lived assets have been determined to be impaired as a result of this announcement.  

19     

ITEM 2.    
       MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
      AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS      
   The following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read
in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and related
notes appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. This discussion contains
forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs, and
involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results and the timing of certain
events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements as a result of several factors, including those discussed in the
section titled  Risk Factors  included under Part II, Item 1A and elsewhere in
this Quarterly Report. See  Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
in this Quarterly Report.   
  
   Overview    
  Yelp connects people with
great local businesses by bringing  word of mouth  online and providing a
platform for businesses and consumers to engage and transact. Our platform
provides value to consumers and businesses alike by connecting consumers with
great local businesses at the critical moment when they are deciding where to
spend their money. Each day, millions of consumers use our platform to find and
interact with local businesses, which in turn use our free and paid services to
help them engage with consumers. The Yelp Platform, which allows consumers and
businesses to transact directly on Yelp, provides consumers with a continuous
experience from discovery to completion of transactions and local businesses
with an additional point of consumer engagement.   
  Our success is primarily
the result of significant investment in our communities, employees, content,
brand and technology. We believe that continued investment in our business
provides our largest opportunity for future growth and plan to continue to
invest for long-term growth in our key strategies:   

Network Effect.
         We plan to invest in
      marketing and product development aimed at both attracting more, and
      increasing the engagement of, consumers as we look to leverage our brand
      and benefit from network dynamics in Yelp communities. For example, we
      have now integrated Nowait functionality into our platform, allowing
      consumers to add themselves to waitlists remotely through our mobile app.
      We believe this will drive daily engagement in our related
      verticals.      

Enhance
      Monetization    .
         We plan to continue to
      invest in enhancing the opportunities in our local advertising business in
      the United States, which is our core strength. We will continue the
      expansion of the Yelp Platform, new business owner products and
      comprehensive tools to measure the effectiveness of our products, as well
      as our local business outreach. For example, in the third quarter of 2016,
      we invested in marketing for our self-serve sales channel as well as in
      product and account teams to drive account growth and penetration for
      national advertisers.     
  Our overall strategy is to
invest for long-term growth. During the remainder of 2016, we expect to continue
to invest heavily in our U.S. and Canadian sales and marketing efforts, including growing our
sales force to reach more businesses and continuing our advertising campaigns to
raise brand awareness. On November 2, 2016
we announced plans to significantly reduce our sales and marketing activities in markets outside of the
United States and Canada. We believe the long term return on continued investments in these markets is lower than
alternative opportunities for Yelp within our core markets of the United States and Canada. We expect to wind
down the majority of our sales and marketing operations outside of these markets over the remainder of
2016. As of September 30, 2016, we had 4,353 employees, which
represents an increase of 19% compared to September 30, 2015.   
   Key Metrics
   
  We regularly review a
number of metrics, including the following key metrics, to evaluate our
business, measure our performance, identify trends in our business, prepare
financial projections and make strategic decisions.   
    Reviews       
  Number of reviews
represents the cumulative number of reviews submitted to Yelp since inception,
as of the period end, including reviews that were not recommended or had been
removed from our platform. In addition to the text of the review, each review
includes a rating of one to five stars. We include reviews that are not
recommended and that have been removed because all of them are either currently
accessible on our platform or were accessible at some point in time, providing
information that may be useful to users to evaluate businesses and individual
reviewers. Because our automated recommendation software continually reassesses
which reviews to recommend based on new information that becomes available, the
 recommended  or  not recommended  status of reviews may change over time.
Reviews that are not recommended or that have been removed do not factor into a
business s overall star rating. By clicking on a link on a reviewed business s
page on our website, users can access the reviews that are not currently
recommended for the business, as well as the star rating and other information
about reviews that were removed for violation of our terms of service.
  
  20     

As of September 30, 2016,
approximately 107.4 million reviews were available on business listing pages,
including approximately 23.8 million reviews that were not recommended, and 7.9
million reviews had been removed from our platform, either by us for violation
of our terms of service or by the users who contributed them. The following
table presents the number of cumulative reviews as of the dates indicated:

Traffic       
  Traffic to our website and
mobile app has three components: visitors to our non-mobile optimized website
(our  desktop website ), visitors to our mobile-optimized website (our  mobile
website ) and mobile devices accessing our mobile app. We use the following
metrics to measure each of these traffic streams.   
   Desktop and Mobile
Website Unique Visitors.    We
calculate desktop unique visitors as the number of  users,  as measured by
Google Analytics, who have visited our desktop website at least once in a given
month, averaged over a given three-month period. Similarly, we calculate mobile
website unique visitors as the number of  users  who have visited our mobile
website at least once in a given month, averaged over a given three-month
period.   
  Google Analytics, a product
from Google Inc. that provides digital marketing intelligence, measures  users 
based on unique cookie identifiers. Because the numbers of desktop unique
visitors and mobile website unique visitors are therefore based on unique
cookies, an individual who accesses our desktop website or mobile website from
multiple devices with different cookies may be counted as multiple desktop
unique visitors or mobile website unique visitors, as applicable, and multiple
individuals who access our desktop website or mobile website from a shared
device with a single cookie may be counted as a single desktop unique visitor or
mobile website unique visitor.   
   App Unique
Devices.    We calculate app unique
devices as the number of unique mobile devices using our mobile app in a given
month, averaged over a given three-month period. Under this method of
calculation, an individual who accesses our mobile app from multiple mobile
devices will be counted as multiple app unique devices. Multiple individuals who
access our mobile app from a shared device will be counted as a single app
unique device.   
  The following table
presents our traffic for the periods indicated:   

We anticipate that our
mobile traffic will be the driver of our growth for the foreseeable future and
that usage of our desktop website will continue to decline worldwide.
  
    Claimed Local
Business Locations    
  
  The number of claimed local
business locations represents the cumulative number of business locations that
have been claimed on Yelp worldwide since 2008, as of a given date. We define a
claimed local business location as each business address for which a business
representative has visited our website and claimed the free business listing
page for the business located at that address. The following table presents the
number of cumulative claimed local business locations as of the dates presented:

21     

Local Advertising
Accounts       
  Local advertising accounts
comprise all local business accounts from which we recognize local revenue in a
given three-month period. The following table presents the number of local
advertising accounts during the periods presented:   

Non-GAAP Financial
Measures      
  Our consolidated financial
statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. However, we have also disclosed
below adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP net income, which are non-GAAP financial
measures. We have included adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP net income because they
are key measures used by our management and board of directors to understand and
evaluate our operating performance and trends, to prepare and approve our annual
budget and to develop short- and long-term operational plans. In particular, the
exclusion of certain expenses in calculating adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP net
income can provide a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of our core
business. Accordingly, we believe that adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP net income
provide useful information to investors and others in understanding and
evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management and board
of directors.   
  Adjusted EBITDA and
non-GAAP net income have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not
consider them in isolation or as substitutes for analysis of our results as
reported under GAAP. In particular, adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP net income
should not be viewed as substitutes for, or superior to, net income (loss)
prepared in accordance with GAAP as a measure of profitability or liquidity.
Some of these limitations are:   

although depreciation
and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and
amortized may have to be replaced in the future, and adjusted EBITDA and
non-GAAP net income do not reflect cash capital expenditure requirements for
such replacements or for new capital expenditure requirements;      

adjusted EBITDA does not
reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital
needs;      

adjusted EBITDA and
non-GAAP net income do not consider the potentially dilutive impact of
equity-based compensation;      

adjusted EBITDA does not
reflect tax payments that may represent a reduction in cash available to us;
and      

other companies, including
companies in our industry, may calculate adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP net income
differently, which reduces their usefulness as comparative measures.          

  Because of these
limitations, you should consider adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP net income
alongside other financial performance measures, including various cash flow
metrics, net income (loss) and our other GAAP results. The tables below present
reconciliations of adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP net income to net income (loss),
the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure in each case, for each of
the periods indicated.   
    Adjusted
EBITDA       
  Adjusted EBITDA is a
non-GAAP financial measure that we calculate as net income (loss), adjusted to
exclude: provision (benefit) for income taxes; other income (expense), net;
depreciation and amortization and stock-based compensation expense. Adjusted EBITDA for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 was $33.7 million and $74.8 million,
respectively. The following is a reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA to net income
(loss):   

22     

Non-GAAP Net
Income       
  Non-GAAP net income is a
non-GAAP financial measure that we calculate as net income (loss), adjusted to
exclude: stock-based compensation expense; amortization of intangibles; the tax
effect of stock-based compensation and amortization of intangibles; and the
release of valuation allowance (net of tax). Non-GAAP net income for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $18.4 million and $36.9 million,
respectively. The following is a reconciliation of non-GAAP net income to net
income (loss):   
  
  (1) Includes tax effects of
stock-based compensation, amortization of intangibles, and valuation
allowance.  
   Results of Operations
   
  The following table sets
forth our results of operations for the periods presented as a percentage of net
revenue for those periods. The period-to-period comparison of financial results
is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations to be anticipated for
the full year 2016 or any future period.   
  
   Three and Nine Months
Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
    Net
Revenue       
  We generate revenue from
our local products, transactions, other services and, through the end of 2015,
brand advertising.  
   Local.      We
generate local revenue from our local advertising programs, including enhanced
listing pages and performance and impression-based advertising in search results
and elsewhere on our website and mobile app. We also generate local revenue from
monthly subscriptions to our Yelp Reservations product, which we previously
referred to as our SeatMe reservation product.     
  23     

Transactions.      We generate revenue from various transactions with
consumers, including through Eat24, Platform transactions and the sale of Yelp
Deals and Gift Certificates. Our Eat24 business generates revenue through
arrangements with restaurants, in which restaurants pay a commission percentage
fee on orders placed through Eat24 s platform. We record revenue associated with
Eat24 s transactions on a net basis. Our Platform partnerships are
revenue-sharing arrangements that provide consumers with the ability to complete
food delivery transactions, order flowers and book spa and salon appointments,
among other products and services, through third parties directly on Yelp. We
earn a fee on our Platform partnerships for acting as an agent for these
transactions, which we record on a net basis and include in revenue upon
completion of a transaction. Yelp Deals allow merchants to promote themselves
and offer discounted goods and services on a real-time basis to consumers
directly on our website and mobile app. We earn a fee on Yelp Deals for acting
as an agent in these transactions, which we record on a net basis and include in
revenue upon a consumer s purchase of a deal. Gift Certificates allow merchants
to sell full-priced gift certificates directly to consumers through their
business listing pages. We earn a fee based on the amount of the Gift
Certificate sold, which we record on a net basis and include in revenue upon a
consumer s purchase of the Gift Certificate.     
   Brand
Advertising.      Through the end of 2015, we generated revenue from
brand advertising through the sale of display advertisements and brand
sponsorships to national brands. We phased out these products to focus on our
core strength of local advertising.  
  
   Other
Services.      We generate revenue through partner arrangements
and monetization of remnant advertising inventory through third-party ad
networks. These partner arrangements include allowing third-party data providers
to update business listing information on behalf of businesses and resale of our
local advertising products by certain partners. We also generate revenue through
content licensing arrangements under our  Yelp Knowledge  social analytics
program. These partner arrangements include granting third-party data providers
access to Yelp data and reviews for analysis.     
  The following table
provides a breakdown of our net revenue for the periods indicated.     
  
  Total net revenue increased
$42.7 million, or 30%, in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to
the three months ended September 30, 2015, and $122.3 million, or 31%, in the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September
30, 2015.     
  Local revenue increased
$47.6 million, or 41%, in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to
the three months ended September 30, 2015, and $131.2 million, or 41%, in the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September
30, 2015. The increase in both periods was primarily due to a significant
increase in the number of customers purchasing local advertising plans as we
expanded our sales force to reach more local businesses. This growth was driven
primarily by purchases of cost-per-click advertising in 2016. In the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016, a majority of ad clicks were delivered on
mobile.     
  Our transactions revenue
increased $3.9 million, or 33%, in the three months ended September 30, 2016
compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, and $16.0 million, or
54%, in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. The increase in both periods was primarily the result
of revenue from Eat24, which we acquired in February 2015.     
  24     

As of the beginning of
2016, we no longer offer brand advertising products. As a result, we generated
no brand advertising revenue in the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016, a decrease of $9.0 million and $23.9 million from the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.     
  Our other services revenue
increased $0.1 million, or 1%, in the three months ended September 30, 2016
compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, and decreased $1.0
million, or 5%, in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. This was primarily the result of decreased
partnership activity in 2016 compared to 2015.     
    Cost of
Revenue       
  Our cost of revenue
consists primarily of web hosting costs and credit card processing fees, as well
as salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation expense for our
infrastructure teams related to the operation of our website and mobile app. It
also includes costs associated with video production for our local advertisers
as well as confirmation and delivery services associated with Eat24.   
  
  Cost of revenue increased
$0.3 million, or 2%, in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to
the three months ended September 30, 2015, and $8.7 million, or 24%, in the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30,
2015. The increases in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were
primarily attributable to increases in merchant fees related to credit card
transactions of $1.8 million and $5.6 million, respectively, primarily due to
growth in local and transactions revenue. Set up and creative design costs,
consisting primarily of video production costs, remained consistent in the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and increased by $1.3 million in the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, due to greater demand by local businesses for video on
their business listing pages. External website hosting, Internet service fees,
and the salaries and related expenses of the internal personnel that support the
website infrastructure decreased by $1.4 million in the three months ended
September 30, 2016. This decrease was due to improved pricing from key website
hosting vendors achieved during 2016. These costs increased by $1.6 million
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, resulting from an increase in
the number of visitors to our website compared to the prior year, as well as
increased headcount for personnel supporting the website infrastructure,
partially offset by improved pricing from key website hosting vendors achieved
during 2016.     
    Sales and
Marketing       
  Our sales and marketing
expenses primarily consist of salaries (including employer payroll taxes),
benefits, travel expense and incentive compensation expense, including
stock-based compensation expense, for our sales and marketing employees. In
addition, sales and marketing expenses include business and consumer acquisition
marketing, community management, branding and advertising costs, as well as
allocated facilities, insurance, business taxes and other supporting overhead
costs. Historically, we have focused on organic and viral growth driven by the
community development efforts of our community management team, which is
responsible for growing and fostering local communities, as well as coordinating
events to raise awareness of our brand. As a result, we historically incurred
minimal sales and marketing expenses to increase consumer awareness of Yelp.
While community development continues to be our primary marketing strategy, in
the second half of 2014, we began selectively testing advertising to consumers
and launched our first television advertising campaign in 2015. We launched
additional advertising campaigns in the first three quarters of 2016, and plan
to continue investing in various advertising channels throughout the remainder
of the year. In
November of 2016, we announced plans to reduce our sales and marketing activities in markets
outside of the United States and Canada.     
  Nevertheless, we expect our sales and
marketing expenses to increase as we expand our communities, increase the number
of local advertising accounts and continue to build our brand in the United States and Canada. The majority of
these expenses will be related to hiring sales employees and Community Managers,
as well as costs incurred with various third-party media outlets and other
advertising channels. We expect sales and marketing expenses to increase and to
be our largest expense for the foreseeable future.  
  
  25     

Sales and marketing
expenses increased $16.3 million, or 20%, in the three months ended September
30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, and $75.1
million, or 35%, in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the
nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increases in the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 were primarily attributable to $11.5 million and $41.3
million, respectively, in additional salaries, benefits, travel and other
related expenses resulting from increased headcount, including increases of $1.6
million and $4.2 million, respectively, in stock-based compensation expense, as
we expanded our sales organization to take advantage of the market opportunity
created by increased recognition of the value of our advertising products and
increased use of our free online business accounts. As a result of ongoing
marketing campaigns, domestic and international marketing and advertising costs
increased by $1.4 million and $16.7 million in the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, respectively. As a result of our increase in net revenue,
our commission expense increased $1.4 million and $9.6 million in the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. In addition, we experienced
increases in facilities, insurance, business taxes and other related allocations
of $2.0 million and $7.5 million in the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, respectively.     
    Product
Development       
  Our product development
expenses primarily consist of salaries (including employer payroll taxes),
various benefits, travel expense and stock-based compensation expense for our
engineers, product management and information technology personnel. Product
development expenses also include outside services and consulting, allocated
facilities, insurance, business taxes and other supporting overhead costs. We
believe that continued investment in features, software development tools and
code modification is important to attaining our strategic objectives and, as a
result, we expect product development expenses to increase for the foreseeable
future.  
  
  Product development
expenses increased $7.9 million, or 28%, in the three months ended September 30,
2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, and $22.9 million,
or 29%, in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. The increases in the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 were primarily attributable to $6.2 million and $21.6
million, respectively, in additional salaries, benefits, travel and related
expenses associated with an increase in headcount, including increases of $3.3
million and $8.6 million, respectively, in stock-based compensation expense. In
addition, we experienced increases in the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 in facilities, insurance, business taxes and other related allocations
of $1.8 million and $3.1 million, respectively, as a result of the increases in
headcount. These increases were partially offset by decreases in consulting
costs of $0.1 million and $1.8 million, respectively, due to decreased reliance
on outside consultants.     
    General and
Administrative       
  Our general and
administrative expenses primarily consist of salaries (including employer
payroll taxes), various benefits, travel expense and stock-based compensation
expense for our executive, finance, user operations, legal, human resources and
other administrative employees. Our general and administrative expenses also
include outside consulting, legal and accounting services, as well as
facilities, insurance, business taxes and other supporting overhead costs not
allocated to other departments. We expect our general and administrative
expenses to increase for the foreseeable future as we continue to expand our
business.   
  
  General and administrative
expenses increased $3.9 million, or 19%, in the three months ended September 30,
2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, and $9.9 million, or
16%, in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. The increases in the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 were primarily attributable to $2.7 million and $8.4 million,
respectively, in additional salaries, benefits, travel and related expenses
associated with an increase in headcount, including increases of $1.6 million
and $3.9 million, respectively, in stock-based compensation expense. In addition,
facilities, insurance, business taxes and other related allocations increased by
$0.4 million and $1.0 million in the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016, respectively, as a result of the increases in headcount,  as well as an increase in bad debt expense of $2.0 million and $3.0 million, respectively. These increases
were partially offset by decreases in consulting costs of $1.2 million and $2.5
million, respectively, due to decreased reliance on outside consultants.
  
  26     

Depreciation and
Amortization       
  Depreciation and
amortization expenses primarily consist of depreciation on computer equipment,
software, leasehold improvements, capitalized website and software development
costs and amortization of purchased intangible assets. We expect depreciation
and amortization expenses to increase for the foreseeable future as we continue
to expand our technology infrastructure.   
  
  Depreciation and
amortization expenses increased $1.6 million, or 21%, in the three months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, and
$4.3 million, or 20%, in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to
the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increases were primarily the
result of our investments in expanding our technology infrastructure and capital
assets. In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, depreciation related to our fixed assets and capitalized website and
software development costs increased $1.6 million and $4.0 million,
respectively.     
    Other Income
(Expense), Net       
  Other income, net consists
primarily of the interest income earned on our cash, cash equivalents and
marketable securities, gains and losses on the disposal of assets and foreign
exchange gains and losses.   
  
  In the three months ended
September 30, 2016, other income (expense), net increased by $0.8 million
compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. This was primarily driven
by losses on foreign exchange in the three months ended September 30, 2015 due
to unfavorable foreign exchange rate movements. In the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, other income, net increased by $0.6 million compared to the
nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily driven by
higher interest income earned on the Company s marketable investments in the
nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
  
    Benefit (Provision)
for Income Taxes       
  Benefit (Provision) for
income taxes consists of federal and state income taxes in the United States and
income taxes in certain foreign jurisdictions, deferred income taxes reflecting
the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of
assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for
income tax purposes, and the realization of net operating loss
carryforwards.  
  
  27     

For the three months ended
September 30, 2016, we recognized a tax provision of $0.2 million primarily as a
result of an additional tax expense due to increased annual effective tax
rate. For the three months ended September 30, 2015 a tax benefit of $3.2 million was recognized primarily due to year-to-date pre-tax losses.  
  For the nine months ended  September 30,
2016, we recognized a tax provision of $0.4 million that primarily  consisted of foreign income tax provision on
year-to-date pre-tax  loss, and discrete expense related to stock-based compensation. For the nine months ended September 30,
2015 a tax benefit of $3.9 million was recognized primarily due to year-to-date pre-tax losses and discrete benefits related
to stock based compensation.     

The changes year over year are primarily related to the valuation allowance and the application of an actual year-to-date rate used in jurisdictions where a small change in estimated ordinary income
has a significant impact on the effective tax rate in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 that were not applicable for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
   Liquidity and Capital
Resources    
  As of September 30, 2016,
we had cash and cash equivalents of $224.9 million. Cash and cash equivalents
consist of both cash and money market funds. Our cash held internationally as of
September 30, 2016 was $4.9 million. We did not have any outstanding bank loans
or credit facilities in place as of September 30, 2016. Our investment portfolio
is comprised of highly rated marketable securities, and our investment policy
limits the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. The policy generally
requires securities to be investment grade (i.e. rated  A  or higher by bond
rating firms) with the objective of minimizing the potential risk of principal
loss. To date, we have been able to finance our operations and our acquisitions
through proceeds from private and public financings, including our initial
public offering in March 2012, our follow-on offering in October 2013, cash
generated from operations and, to a lesser extent, cash provided by the exercise
of employee stock options and purchases under our 2012 Employee Stock Purchase
Plan, as amended ( ESPP ).  
  
  Our future capital
requirements and the adequacy of available funds will depend on many factors,
including those set forth under     Risk Factors     in this
Quarterly Report. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents,
together with any cash generated from operations, will be sufficient to meet our
working capital requirements and anticipated purchases of property and equipment
for at least the next 12 months. However, this estimate is based on a number of
assumptions that may prove to be wrong and we could exhaust our available cash
and cash equivalents earlier than presently anticipated. We may require or
otherwise seek additional funds in the next 12 months to respond to business
challenges, including the need to develop new features and products or enhance
existing services, improve our operating infrastructure or acquire complementary
businesses and technologies, and, accordingly, we may need to engage in equity
or debt financings to secure additional funds.     
  Amounts deposited with
third-party financial institutions exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation and Securities Investor Protection Corporation insurance limits, as
applicable. These cash and cash equivalents could be impacted if the underlying
financial institutions fail or are subjected to other adverse conditions in the
financial markets. To date, we have experienced no loss or lack of access to our
cash and cash equivalents; however, we can provide no assurances that access to
our invested cash and cash equivalents will not be impacted by adverse
conditions in the financial markets.  
  
    Cash
Flows       
  The following table
summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated:   

28     

Operating Activities.
   We generated $81.8 million of
cash in operating activities in the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
primarily resulting from our net loss of $12.9 million, which included non-cash
depreciation and amortization expenses of $25.9 million, non-cash stock-based
compensation expense of $62.4 million and non-cash provision for doubtful
accounts and sales returns of $12.1 million. In addition, significant changes in
our operating assets and liabilities resulted from the following:   

increase in accounts
      receivable of $  24.2   million due to an increase in billings for
      local advertising plans, as well as the timing of payments from these
      customers;      

increase in accounts
      payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities of $  13.2   million, primarily driven by an increase in restaurant revenue share liability, accrued vacation and employee-related expenses, and
      the timing of invoices and payments to vendors particularly marketing related;
  and      

decrease in prepaids
      and other assets of $  3.6   million primarily
      due to the collection of non-trade receivables of $  6.3   million, offset by a $  2.7   million increase in
      prepayments and other assets.      
  We generated $53.5 million
of cash in operating activities in the nine months ended September 30, 2015,
primarily resulting from our net loss of $10.7 million, which was offset by
non-cash depreciation and amortization of $21.6 million, non-cash stock-based
compensation expense of $44.9 million, and non-cash provision for doubtful
accounts of $10.4 million. In addition, significant changes in our operating
assets and liabilities resulted from the following:   

increase in accounts
      receivable of $17.8 million due to an increase in billings for local
      advertising plans, as well as the timing of payments from these
      customers;      

increase in accounts
      payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities of $23.9 million related
      to the growth in our business, increase in Eat24 restaurant payable,
      accrued vacation and employee-related expenses, and the timing of invoices
      and payments to vendors; and      

increase in prepaids
      and other assets of $15.1 million relating to the increase in prepaid
      licenses and deferred tax benefits.        
   Investing
Activities.    Our primary investing
activities in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 consisted of purchases of
marketable securities, purchases of property and equipment to support the
ongoing build out of our leasehold improvements for our new facilities in San
Francisco and other locations, the purchase of technology hardware to support
our growth in headcount and software to support website and mobile app
development, website operations and our corporate infrastructure. Purchases of
property, equipment and software may vary from period to period due to the
timing of the expansion of our offices, operations and website and internal-use
software and development. We expect to continue to invest in property, equipment
and software during the remainder of 2016.   
  We used $46.6 million of
cash in investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.
Cash used in investing activities primarily related to purchases of marketable
securities of $221.8 million, an increase in expenditures related to website and
internally developed software of $10.6 million, purchases of property, equipment
and software of $17.8 million to support the growth in our business, our
investment of $8.0 million in the preferred stock of Nowait, Inc and purchases
of intangible data licenses of $0.2 million. In addition, as part of our lease
agreements for additional office space, we were obligated to deliver additional
letters of credit, which resulted in an increase of $0.8 million in restricted
cash. Cash used in investing was offset by $212.5 million of maturities of
investment securities held-to-maturity.   
  We used $147.2 million of
cash in investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2015.
Cash used in investing activities primarily related to the $73.4 million cash
portion of the purchase price of Eat24, purchases of marketable securities of
$172.7 million, an increase in expenditures related to website and internally
developed software of $8.7 million, purchases of intangible data licenses of
$0.6 million and purchases of property, equipment, software and leasehold
improvements of $25.4 million to support our growth in the business. Cash used
in investing was offset by $131.9 million of maturities of investment securities
held-to-maturity and the release of restrictions on cash of $1.7
million.     
   Financing
Activities.    During the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, we generated $18.1 million from financing
activities, primarily due to $13.6 million in net proceeds from the issuance of
common stock upon the exercise of stock options and $4.5 million in net proceeds
from the sale of shares of the Company s common stock under our
ESPP.     
  During the nine months
ended September 30, 2015, we generated $18.8 million in financing activities,
primarily due to $9.9 million in net proceeds from the issuance of common stock
upon the exercise of stock options, $5.1 million in net proceeds from the sale
of stock under our ESPP and $4.3 million in excess tax benefit from stock-based
award activity.     
   Off Balance Sheet
Arrangements      
  We did not have any off
balance sheet arrangements in 2015 or in the first nine months of 2016.
  
  29     

Contractual Obligations
   
  We lease various office
facilities, including our corporate headquarters in San Francisco, California,
under operating lease agreements that expire from 2016 to 2025. The terms of the
lease agreements provide for rental payments on a graduated basis. We recognize
rent expense on a straight-line basis over the lease periods. We do not have any
debt or material capital lease obligations, and all of our property, equipment
and software have been purchased with cash. As of September 30, 2016, we had no
material long-term purchase obligations outstanding with vendors or third
parties other than obligations related to the fit out of certain leasehold
properties. As of September 30, 2016, the following table summarizes our future
minimum payments under non-cancelable operating leases and purchase obligations
for equipment and office facilities:       
  
  The contractual commitment
amounts in the table above are associated with binding agreements and do not
include obligations under contracts that we can cancel without a significant
penalty. In addition, as of September 30, 2016, our total liability for
uncertain tax positions was $0.6 million of the total unrecognized benefit of
$8.1 million. We are not reasonably able to estimate the timing of future cash
flow related to this liability. As a result, this amount is not included in the
contractual obligations table above.  
  
  We have subleased certain
office facilities under operating lease agreements that expire in 2021. The
terms of these lease agreements provide for rental receipts on a graduated
basis. We recognize sublease rentals on a straight-line basis over the lease
periods reflected as a reduction in rental expense. As of September 30, 2016,
our future minimum rental receipts to be received under non-cancelable subleases
were $8.7 million.   
   ITEM         3. QUANTITATIVE    
    AND         QUALITATIVE    
    DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK          
  We have operations both
within the United States and internationally, and we are exposed to market risks
in the ordinary course of business. These risks include primarily interest rate,
foreign exchange risks and inflation.  
  
   Interest Rate
Fluctuation      
  The primary objective of
our investment activities is to preserve principal while maximizing income
without significantly increasing risk.     
  Our cash and cash
equivalents consist of cash and money market funds. We do not have any long-term
borrowings. Because our cash and cash equivalents have a relatively short
maturity, their fair value is relatively insensitive to interest rate changes.
We believe a hypothetical 10% increase in the interest rates as of September 30,
2016 would not have a material impact on our cash and cash equivalents
portfolio.     
  Our marketable securities
are comprised of fixed-rate debt securities issued by U.S. corporations, U.S.
government agencies and the U.S. Treasury; as such, their fair value may be
affected by fluctuations in interest rates in the broader economy. As we have
both the ability and intent to hold these securities to maturity, such
fluctuations would have no impact on our results of operations.     
   Foreign Currency
Exchange Risk      
  We have foreign currency
risks related to our revenue and operating expenses denominated in currencies
other than the U.S. dollar, principally in the British pound sterling, Canadian
dollar and the Euro. The volatility of exchange rates depends on many factors
that we cannot forecast with reliable accuracy. Although we have experienced and
will continue to experience fluctuations in net income (loss) as a result of
transaction gains (losses), net related to revaluing certain cash balances,
trade accounts receivable balances and intercompany balances that are
denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, we believe a hypothetical
10% strengthening/(weakening) of the U.S. dollar against the British pound
sterling, either alone or in combination with a hypothetical 10%
strengthening/(weakening) of the U.S. dollar against the Euro and Canadian
dollar, would not have a material impact on our results of operations. In the
event our foreign sales and expenses increase as a proportion of our overall
sales and expenses, our operating results may be more greatly affected by
fluctuations in the exchange rates of the currencies in which we do business. At
this time, we do not enter into derivatives or other financial instruments in an
attempt to hedge our foreign currency exchange risk, though we may in the
future. It is difficult to predict the impact hedging activities would have on
our results of operations.  
  
  30     

Inflation
Risk   
  We do not believe that
inflation has had a material effect on our business, financial condition or
results of operations. If our costs were to become subject to significant
inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs
through price increases. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our
business, financial condition or results of operations.  
   ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES    
   Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures   
  We maintain  disclosure
controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
Exchange Act, that are designed to ensure that information required to be
disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and
procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports
that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal
financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure.  
  Our management, with the
participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of
September 30, 2016. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure
controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance
level.  
   Changes in Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting   
  There was no change in our
internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the
evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that
occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2016 that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting.  
   Inherent Limitations on
Effectiveness of Controls   
  Our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, believes that our
disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting
are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and
are effective at the reasonable assurance level. However, our management does
not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control
over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control
system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable,
not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met.
Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are
resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative
to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no
evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues
and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations
include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty, and that
breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally,
controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by the
collusion of two or more people or by management override of controls. The
design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions
about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any
design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may
deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control
system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be
detected.  
  31     

PART         II. OTHER    
    INFORMATION    
   ITEM         1. LEGAL    
    PROCEEDINGS    
  In August 2014, two
putative class action lawsuits alleging violations of federal securities laws
were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California,
naming as defendants us and certain of our officers. The lawsuits allege
violations of the Exchange Act by us and our officers for allegedly making
materially false and misleading statements regarding our business and operations
between October 29, 2013 and April 3, 2014. These cases were subsequently
consolidated and, in January 2015, the plaintiffs filed a consolidated complaint
seeking unspecified monetary damages and other relief. Following the court s
dismissal of the consolidated complaint on April 21, 2015, the plaintiffs filed
a first amended complaint on May 21, 2015. On November 24, 2015, the court
dismissed the first amended complaint with prejudice, and entered judgment in
our favor on December 28, 2015. The plaintiffs have appealed this judgment to
the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.  
  On April 23, 2015, a
putative class action lawsuit was filed by former Eat24 employees in the
Superior Court of California for San Francisco County, naming as defendants us
and Eat24. The lawsuit asserts that we failed to permit meal and rest periods
for certain current and former employees working as Eat24 customer support
specialists, and alleges violations of the California Labor Code, applicable
Industrial Welfare Commission Wage Orders and the California Business and
Professions Code. The plaintiffs seek monetary damages in an unspecified amount
and injunctive relief. On May 29, 2015, plaintiffs filed a first amended
complaint asserting an additional cause of action for penalties under the
Private Attorneys General Act. In January 2016, we reached a preliminary
agreement to settle this matter for payments in the aggregate amount of up to
approximately $0.6 million, which the court preliminarily approved on June 27,
2016. The settlement is currently awaiting final court approval.  
  On June 24, 2015, a former
Eat24 sales employee filed a lawsuit, on behalf of herself and a putative class
of current and former Eat24 sales employees, against Eat24 in the Superior Court
of California for San Francisco County. The lawsuit alleges that Eat24 failed to
pay required wages, including overtime wages, allow meal and rest periods and
maintain proper records, and asserts causes of action under the California Labor
Code, applicable Industrial Welfare Commission Wage Orders and the California
Business and Professions Code. The plaintiff seeks monetary damages and
penalties in unspecified amounts, as well as injunctive relief. On August 3,
2015, the plaintiff filed a first amended complaint asserting an additional
cause of action for penalties under the Private Attorneys General Act. In
January 2016, we reached a preliminary agreement to settle this matter for
payments in the aggregate amount of up to approximately $0.2 million, which the
court preliminarily approved on August 29, 2016. The settlement is currently
awaiting final court approval.  
  In addition, we are subject
to legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Although the
results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, we
currently do not believe that the final outcome of any of these matters will
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of
operations or cash flows.  
   ITEM         1A. RISK    
    FACTORS    
    Risks Related to Our
Business and Industry     
   
    *If we are unable to
increase traffic to our mobile app and website, or user engagement on our
platform declines, our revenue, business and operating results may be harmed.
    
  We derive substantially all
of our revenue from the sale of impression- and click-based advertising. Because
traffic to our platform determines the number of ads we are able to show,
affects the value of those ads to businesses and influences the content creation
that drives further traffic, slower traffic growth rates may harm our business
and financial results. As a result, our ability to grow our business depends on
our ability to increase traffic to and user engagement on our platform. Our
traffic could be adversely affected by factors including:   

Reliance on Internet Search Engines.   As
      discussed in greater detail below, we rely on Internet search engines to
      drive traffic to our platform, including our mobile app. However, the
      display, including rankings, of unpaid search results can be affected by a
      number of factors, many of which are not in our direct control, and may
      change frequently. For example, a search engine may change its ranking
      algorithms, methodologies or design layouts. As a result, links to our
      platform may not be prominent enough to drive traffic to our platform, and
      we may not be in a position to influence the results. Although Internet
      search engine results have allowed us to attract a large audience with low
      organic traffic acquisition costs to date, if they fail to drive
      sufficient traffic to our platform in the future, we may need to increase
      our marketing expenses, which could harm our operating
  results.   

Increasing Competition.   The
      market for information regarding local businesses is intensely competitive
      and rapidly changing. If the popularity, usefulness, ease of use,
      performance and reliability of our products and services do not compare
      favorably to those of our competitors, traffic may
  decline.     
  32  

Review Concentration.   Our
      restaurant and shopping categories together accounted for approximately
      40% of the businesses that had been reviewed on our platform and
      approximately 56% of the cumulative reviews as of September 30, 2016. If
      the high concentration of reviews in these categories generates a
      perception that our platform is primarily limited to these categories,
      traffic may not increase or may decline.     

Our Recommendation Software.   If
      our automated software does not recommend helpful content or recommends
      unhelpful content, consumers may reduce or stop their use of our platform.
      While we have designed our technology to avoid recommending content that
      we believe to be unreliable or otherwise unhelpful, we cannot guarantee
      that our efforts will be  successful.      

Content Scraping.   From
      time to time, other companies copy information from our platform without
      our permission, through website scraping, robots or other means, and
      publish or aggregate it with other information for their own benefit. This
      may make them more competitive and may decrease the likelihood that
      consumers will visit our platform to find the local businesses and
      information they seek. Though we strive to detect and prevent this
      third-party conduct, we may not be able to detect it in a timely manner
      and, even if we could, may not be able to prevent it. In some cases,
      particularly in the case of third parties operating outside of the United
      States, our available remedies may be inadequate to protect us against
      such conduct.      

Macroeconomic Conditions.   Consumer purchases of discretionary items generally decline
      during recessions and other periods in which disposable income is
      adversely affected. As a result, adverse economic conditions may impact
      consumer spending, particularly with respect to local businesses, which in
      turn could adversely impact the number of consumers visiting our
      platform.     

Internet Access.   The adoption of any laws or
      regulations that adversely affect the growth, popularity or use of the
      Internet, including laws impacting Internet neutrality, could decrease the
      demand for our services. Similarly, any actions by companies that provide
      Internet access that degrade, disrupt or increase the cost of user access
      to our platform could undermine our operations and result in the loss of
      traffic.     
  We also anticipate that our traffic growth rate will continue to slow over time, and potentially decrease in certain periods, as our business matures and we achieve higher penetration rates. In particular, we have already entered most major geographic markets within the United States and Canada, and we do not expect to pursue expansion in other international markets in the foreseeable future; further expansion in smaller markets may not yield similar results or sustain our growth. That our traffic growth has slowed in recent quarters even as we have expanded our operations is a reflection of this trend. As our traffic growth rate slows, our success will become increasingly dependent on our ability to increase levels of user engagement on our platform. This dependence may increase as the portion of our revenue derived from performance-based advertising increases. A number of factors may negatively affect our user engagement, including if:  

users engage with other products, services or activities
      as an alternative to our platform;    

there is a decrease in the perceived quality of the
      content contributed by our users;    

we fail to introduce new and improved products or
      features, or we introduce new products or features that do not effectively
      address consumer needs or otherwise alienate
  consumers;     

technical or other problems negatively impact the
      availability and reliability of our platform or otherwise affect the user
      experience;    

users have difficulty installing, updating or otherwise
      accessing our platform as a result of actions by us or third parties that
      we rely on to distribute our products;    

users believe that their experience is diminished as a
      result of the decisions we make with respect to the frequency, relevance
      and prominence of the advertising we display;
and     

we do not maintain our brand image or our reputation is
      damaged.    
    *Consumers are
increasingly using mobile devices to access online services. If our mobile
platform and mobile advertising products are not compelling, or if we are unable
to operate effectively on mobile devices, our business could be adversely
affected.     
  The number of people who access information about local businesses through mobile devices, including smartphones, tablets and handheld computers, has increased dramatically over the past few years and is expected to continue to increase. Although many consumers access our platform both on their mobile devices and through personal computers, we have seen substantial growth in mobile usage. We anticipate that growth in use of our mobile platform will be the driver of our growth for the foreseeable future and that usage through personal computers may continue to decline. As a result, we must continue to drive adoption of and user engagement on our mobile platform, and our mobile app in particular. If we are unable to drive continued adoption of and engagement on our mobile app, our business may be harmed and we may be unable to decrease our reliance on traffic from Google and other search engines.  
  33     

In order to attract and
retain engaged users of our mobile platform, the mobile products and services we
introduce must be compelling. However, the ways in which users engage with our
platform and consume content has changed over time, and we expect it will
continue to do so as users increasingly engage via mobile. This may make it more
difficult to develop mobile products that consumers find useful or provide them
with the information they seek, and may also negatively affect our content if
users do not continue to contribute high quality content on their mobile
devices. In addition, building an engaged base of mobile users may also be
complicated by the frequency with which users change or upgrade their mobile
services. In the event users choose mobile devices that do not already include
or support our mobile app or do not install our mobile app when they change or
upgrade their devices, our traffic and user engagement may be harmed.
  
  Our success is also
dependent on the interoperability of our mobile products with a range of mobile
technologies, systems, networks and standards that we do not control, such as
mobile operating systems like Android and iOS. We may not be successful in
developing products that operate effectively with these technologies, systems,
networks and standards or in creating, maintaining and developing relationships
with key participants in the mobile industry, some of which may be our
competitors. Any changes that degrade the functionality of our mobile products,
give preferential treatment to competitive products or prevent us from
delivering advertising could adversely affect mobile usage and monetization. As
new mobile devices and platforms are released, it is difficult to predict the
problems we may encounter in developing products for these alternative devices
and platforms, and we may need to devote significant resources to the creation,
support and maintenance of such products. If we experience difficulties in the
future integrating our mobile app into mobile devices, or we face increased
costs to distribute our mobile app, our user growth and operating results could
be harmed.   
  In addition, the mobile
market remains a rapidly evolving market with which we have limited experience.
As new devices and platforms are released, users may begin consuming content in
a manner that is more difficult to monetize. Similarly, as mobile advertising
products develop, demand may increase for products that we do not offer or that
may alienate our user base. Although we currently deliver ads on both our mobile
app and mobile website, with 65% of ad clicks delivered on mobile in the three
months ended September 30, 2016, our continued success depends on our efforts to
innovate and introduce enhanced mobile solutions. If our efforts to develop
compelling mobile advertising products are not successful   as a result of, for
example, the difficulties detailed above   advertisers may stop or reduce their
advertising with us. At the same time, we must balance advertiser demands
against our commitment to prioritizing the quality of user experience over
short-term monetization. For example, we phased out our brand advertising
products in part because demand in the brand advertising market has shifted
toward products disruptive to the consumer experience, such as video ads. If we
are not able to balance these competing considerations successfully, we may not
be able to generate meaningful revenue from our mobile products despite the
expected growth in mobile usage.   
    *We rely on Internet
search engines and application marketplaces to drive traffic to our platform,
certain providers of which offer products and services that compete directly
with our products. If links to our applications and website are not displayed
prominently, traffic to our platform could decline and our business would be
adversely affected.     
  Our success depends in part
on our ability to attract users through unpaid Internet search results on search
engines like Google and Bing. The number of users we attract from search engines
to our website (including our mobile website) is due in large part to how and
where information from and links to our website are displayed on search engine
result pages. The display, including rankings, of unpaid search results can be
affected by a number of factors, many of which are not in our direct control,
and may change frequently. For example, a search engine may change its ranking
algorithms, methodologies or design layouts. As a result, links to our platform
may not be prominent enough to drive traffic to our platform, and we may not
know how or otherwise be in a position to influence the results.  
  For example, Google has previously made changes to its algorithms and methodologies that may be contributing to the slowing of our traffic growth rate, particularly in our international markets where we have less content and more competitors. We believe this headwind on our ability to achieve prominent display of our content in international unpaid search results disrupted the network effect we expected in our international markets based on what we experienced domestically, whereby increases in content led to increases in traffic. This was a contributing factor to our decision to reallocate our international sales and marketing resources. Google also announced that, beginning in the fourth quarter of 2015, the rankings of sites showing certain types of app install interstitials could be penalized on its mobile search results pages. While we believe the type of interstitial we currently use will not be penalized, the parameters of Google s policy may change from time to time, be poorly defined and be inconsistently interpreted.  For example, in August 2016, Google announced that it would broaden the categories of interstitials that may be penalized, effective as of January 2017. As a result, Google may unexpectedly penalize our app install interstitials, which may cause links to our mobile website to be featured less prominently in Google s mobile search results page, and traffic to both our mobile website and mobile app may be harmed as a result. We cannot predict the long-term impact of these changes.
  
  Although traffic to our
mobile app is less reliant on search results than traffic to our website, growth
in mobile device usage may not decrease our overall reliance on search results
if mobile users use our mobile website rather than our mobile app. In fact,
consumers  increasing use of mobile devices may exacerbate the risks associated
with how and where our website is displayed in search results because mobile
device screens are smaller than personal computer screens and therefore display
fewer search results.   
  We also rely on application
marketplaces, such as Apple s App Store and Google s Play, to drive downloads of
our applications. In the future, Apple, Google or other marketplace operators
may make changes to their marketplaces that make access to our products more
difficult. For example, our applications may receive unfavorable treatment
compared to the promotion and placement of competing applications, such as the
order in which they appear within marketplaces. Similarly, if problems arise in
our relationships with providers of application marketplaces, our user growth
could be harmed.   
  34     

In some instances, search
engine companies and application marketplaces may change their displays or
rankings in order to promote their own competing products or services or the
products or services of one or more of our competitors. For example, Google has
integrated its local product offering, Google + Local, with certain of its
products, including search. The resulting promotion of Google s own competing
products in its web search results has negatively impacted the search ranking of
our website. Because Google in particular is the most significant source of
traffic to our website, accounting for more than half of the visits to our
website during the three months ended September 30, 2016, our success depends on
our ability to maintain a prominent presence in search results for queries
regarding local businesses on Google. As a result, Google s promotion of its own
competing products, or similar actions by Google in the future that have the
effect of reducing our prominence or ranking on its search results, could have a
substantial negative effect on our business and results of operations.
  
    If our users fail to
contribute high quality content or their contributions are not valuable to other
users, our traffic and revenue could be negatively affected.     
  Our success in attracting
users depends on our ability to provide consumers with the information they
seek, which in turn depends on the quantity and quality of the content
contributed by our users. We believe that as the depth and breadth of the
content on our platform grow, our platform will become more widely known and
relevant to broader audiences, thereby attracting new consumers to our service.
However, if we are unable to provide consumers with the information they seek,
they may stop or reduce their use of our platform, and traffic to our website
and on our mobile app will decline. If our user traffic declines, our
advertisers may stop or reduce the amount of advertising on our platform and our
business could be harmed. Our ability to provide consumers with valuable content
may be harmed:   

if our users do not contribute content that is
      helpful or reliable;    

if our users remove content they previously
      submitted;    

as a result of user concerns that they may be
      harassed or sued by the businesses they review, instances of which have
      occurred in the past and may occur again in the future;
  and     

as users increasingly contribute content
      through our mobile platform, because content contributed through mobile
      devices tends to be shorter than desktop
contributions.    
  Similarly, if robots,
shills or other spam accounts are able to contribute a significant amount of
recommended content, or consumers perceive a significant amount of our
recommended content to be from such accounts, our traffic and revenue could be
negatively affected. Although we do not believe content from these sources has
had a material impact to date, if our automated software recommends a
substantial amount of such content in the future, our ability to provide high
quality content would be harmed and the consumer trust essential to our success
could be undermined.   
  In addition, if our
platform does not provide current information about local businesses or users do
not perceive reviews on our platform as relevant, our brand and business could
be harmed. For example, we do not phase out or remove dated reviews, and
consumers may view older reviews as less relevant, helpful or reliable than more
recent reviews.   
    If we fail to
maintain and expand our base of advertisers, our revenue and our business will
be harmed.     
  Our ability to grow our
business depends on our ability to maintain and expand our advertiser base. To
do so, we must convince existing and prospective advertisers alike that our
advertising products offer a material benefit and can generate a competitive
return relative to other alternatives. Our ability to do so depends on factors
including:   

Acceptance of Online Advertising.
        We believe that the continued growth and
      acceptance of our online advertising products will depend on the perceived
      effectiveness and acceptance of online advertising models generally, which
      is outside of our control. For example, if ad-blocking programs that
      affect the delivery of online advertising gain further visibility or
      traction, the perceived value of online advertising, and that of our
      advertising products in turn, may be harmed. Many advertisers still have
      limited experience with online advertising and, as a result, may continue
      to devote significant portions of their advertising budgets to
      traditional, offline advertising media, such as newspapers or print yellow
      pages directories.     

Competitiveness of Our Products.   We
      must deliver ads in an effective manner. We may be unable to attract new
      advertisers if our products are not compelling or we fail to innovate and
      introduce enhanced products meeting advertiser expectations. However, we
      must balance advertiser demands against our commitment to providing a good
      user experience. For example, we phased out our brand advertising products
      in part because demand in the brand advertising market has shifted toward
      products disruptive to the consumer experience. In addition, we must
      provide accurate analytics and measurement solutions that demonstrate the
      value of our advertising products compared to those of our competitors.
      Similarly, if the pricing of our advertising products does not compare
      favorably to those of our competitors, advertisers may reduce their
      advertising with us or choose not to advertise with us at all. The
      widespread adoption of any technologies that make it more difficult for us
      to deliver ads, such as ad-blocking programs, could also decrease our
      value proposition to businesses and reduce demand for our
    products.     
  35     

Traffic Quality.   The
      success of our advertising program depends on delivering positive results
      to our advertising customers. Low-quality or invalid traffic, such as
      robots, spiders and the mechanical automation of clicking, may be
      detrimental to our relationships with advertisers and could adversely
      affect our advertising pricing and revenue. If we fail to detect and
      prevent click fraud or other invalid clicks on ads, the affected
      advertisers may experience or perceive a reduced return on their
      investments, which could lead to dissatisfaction with our products,
      refusals to pay, refund demands or withdrawal of future
      business.     

Perception of Our Platform.   Our
      ability to compete effectively for advertiser budgets depends on our
      reputation and perceptions regarding our platform. For example, we may
      face challenges expanding our advertiser base in businesses outside the
      restaurant and shopping categories if businesses believe that consumers
      perceive the utility of our platform to be limited to finding businesses
      in these categories. The ratings and reviews that businesses receive from
      our users may also affect their advertising decisions. Favorable ratings
      and reviews, on the one hand, could be perceived as obviating the need to
      advertise. Unfavorable ratings and reviews, on the other, could discourage
      businesses from advertising to an audience that they perceive as hostile
      or cause them to form a negative opinion of our products and user
      base.     

Macroeconomic Conditions.   Adverse macroeconomic conditions can have a negative impact
      on the demand for advertising, particularly with respect to online
      advertising products. We rely heavily on small and medium-sized
      businesses, which often have limited advertising budgets and may be
      disproportionately affected by economic downturns. In addition, such
      business may view online advertising as lower priority than offline
      advertising.     
  As is typical in our
industry, our advertisers generally do not have long-term obligations to
purchase our products. Their decisions to renew depend on the degree of
satisfaction with our products as well as a number of factors that are outside
of our control, including their ability to continue their operations and
spending levels. Small and medium-sized local businesses in particular have
historically experienced high failure rates. As a result, we may experience
attrition in our advertisers in the ordinary course of business resulting from
several factors, including losses to competitors, declining advertising budgets,
closures and bankruptcies. In addition, our recent phase out of our brand
advertising products, which had been an additional source of revenue for us, may
make us more susceptible to fluctuations and attrition from small and
medium-sized businesses. To grow our business, we must continually add new
advertisers to replace advertisers who choose not to renew their advertising, or
who go out of business or otherwise fail to fulfill their advertising contracts
with us, which we may not be able to do.   
    *If we fail to further develop our domestic markets effectively, our revenue and business will be harmed.    
  We recently announced plans to reallocate our international sales and marketing resources primarily to our U.S. and Canadian markets.  As a result, our continued growth depends on our ability to further develop our U.S. and Canadian communities and operations.  However, our communities in many of the largest markets in the United States and Canada are in a relatively late stage of development, and further development of smaller markets may not yield similar results. If we are not able to develop these markets as we expect, or if we fail to address the needs of those markets, our business will be harmed.   

36     

We may acquire other
companies or technologies, which could divert our management s attention, result
in additional dilution to our stockholders and otherwise disrupt our operations
and harm our operating results. We may also be unable to realize the expected
benefits and synergies of any acquisitions.     
  Our success will depend, in
part, on our ability to expand our product offerings and grow our business in
response to changing technologies, user and advertiser demands and competitive
pressures. In some circumstances, we may determine to do so through the
acquisition of complementary businesses or technologies rather than through
internal development. For example, in February 2015, we acquired Eat24 to obtain
an online food ordering solution. We have limited experience as a company in the
complex process of acquiring other businesses and technologies. The pursuit of
potential future acquisitions may divert the attention of management and cause
us to incur expenses in identifying, investigating and pursuing acquisitions,
whether or not they are consummated.   
  Acquisitions that are
consummated could result in dilutive issuances of equity securities or the
incurrence of debt, which could adversely affect our results of operations. The
incurrence of debt in particular could result in increased fixed obligations or
include covenants or other restrictions that would impede our ability to manage
our operations. In addition, any acquisitions we announce could be viewed
negatively by users, businesses or investors. We may also discover liabilities
or deficiencies associated with the companies or assets we acquire that we did
not identify in advance, which may result in significant unanticipated costs.
For example, in 2015, two lawsuits were filed against us by former Eat24
employees alleging that Eat24 failed to comply with certain labor laws prior to
the acquisition. The effectiveness of our due diligence review and our ability
to evaluate the results of such due diligence are dependent upon the accuracy
and completeness of statements and disclosures made by the companies we acquire
or their representatives, as well as the limited amount of time in which
acquisitions are executed. We may also fail to accurately forecast the financial
impact of an acquisition transaction, including tax and accounting charges.
  
  In order to realize the
expected benefits and synergies of any acquisition that is consummated, we must
meet a number of significant challenges that may create unforeseen operating
difficulties and expenditures, including:   

integrating operations, strategies, services,
      sites and technologies of the acquired company;    

managing the combined business
    effectively;    

retaining and assimilating the employees of the
      acquired company;     

retaining existing customers and strategic
      partners and minimizing disruption to existing relationships as a result
      of any integration of new personnel;    

difficulties in the assimilation of corporate
      cultures;    

implementing and retaining uniform standards,
      controls, procedures, policies and information systems;
  and     

addressing risks related to the business of the
      acquired company that may continue to impact the business following the
      acquisition.    
  Any inability to integrate
services, sites and technologies, operations or personnel in an efficient and
timely manner could harm our results of operations. Transition activities are
complex and require significant time and resources, and we may not manage the
process successfully, particularly if we are managing multiple integrations
concurrently. Our ability to integrate complex acquisitions is unproven,
particularly with respect to companies that have significant operations or that
develop products with which we do not have prior experience. For example, Eat24
was larger and more complex than companies we had previously acquired. In
addition, Eat24 operates a business that is new to us, and we did not have
significant experience or structure in place to support this business prior to
the acquisition. We plan to invest resources to support this and any future
acquisitions, which will result in ongoing operating expenses and may divert resources and management
attention from other areas of our business. We cannot assure you that these
investments will be successful. Even if we are able to integrate the operations
of any acquired company successfully, these integrations may not result in the
realization of the full benefits of synergies, cost savings, innovation and
operational efficiencies that may be possible from the combination of the
businesses, or we may not achieve these benefits within a reasonable period of
time.   
  37     

We rely on
third-party service providers and strategic partners for many aspects of our
business, and any failure to maintain these relationships could harm our
business.     
  We rely on relationships
with various third parties to grow our business, including strategic partners
and technology and content providers. For example, we rely on third parties for
data about local businesses, mapping functionality, payment processing and
administrative software solutions. We also rely on partners for various
transactions available through the Yelp Platform, including Booker for spa and
salon appointments, Locu for menu data and BloomNation for flower deliveries,
among others. Identifying, negotiating and maintaining relationships with third
parties require significant time and resources, as does integrating their data,
services and technologies onto our platform. It is possible that these third
parties may not be able to devote the resources we expect to the relationships.
We may also have competing interests and obligations with respect to our
partners in particular, which may make it difficult to maintain, grow or
maximize the benefit for each partnership. For example, our entry into the
online reservations space with SeatMe and Yelp Reservations put us in
competition with OpenTable, which led to the end of our partnership in 2015. Our
focus on integrating additional partners to expand the Yelp Platform may
exacerbate this risk.   
  If our relationships with
our partners and providers deteriorate, we could suffer increased costs and
delays in our ability to provide consumers and advertisers with content or
similar services. We have had, and may in the future have, disagreements or
disputes with our partners about our respective contractual obligations, which
could result in legal proceedings or negatively affect our brand and reputation.
In addition, we exercise limited control over our third-party partners and
vendors, which makes us vulnerable to any errors, interruptions or delays in
their operations. If these third parties experience any service disruptions,
financial distress or other business disruption, or difficulties meeting our
requirements or standards, it could make it difficult for us to operate some
aspects of our business. For example, we rely on a single supplier to process
payments of all transactions made on the Yelp Platform and for purchases of Yelp
Deals and Gift Certificates. Any disruption or problems with this supplier or
its services could have an adverse effect on our reputation, results of
operations and financial results. Similarly, upon expiration or termination of
any of our agreements with third-party providers, we may not be able to replace
the services provided to us in a timely manner or on terms that are favorable to
us, if at all, and a transition from one partner or provider to another could
subject us to operational delays and inefficiencies.   
    *We face competition
for both local business directory traffic and advertiser spending, and expect
competition to increase in the future.     
  The market for information
regarding local businesses and advertising is intensely competitive and rapidly
changing. With the emergence of new technologies and market entrants,
competition is likely to intensify in the future. We compete for consumer
traffic with traditional, offline local business guides and directories,
Internet search engines, such as Google and Bing, review and social media
websites and various other online service providers. These competitors may
include regional review websites that may have strong positions in particular
countries. We also compete with these companies for the content of contributors,
and may experience decreases in both traffic and user engagement if our
competitors offer more compelling environments.   
  Although advertisers are
allocating an increasing amount of their overall marketing budgets to online
advertising, such spending lags behind growth in Internet and mobile usage
generally, making the market for online advertising intensely competitive. We
compete for a share of local businesses  overall advertising budgets with
traditional, offline media companies and service providers, as well as Internet
marketing providers. Many of these companies have established marketing
relationships with local businesses, and certain of our online competitors have
substantial proprietary advertising inventory and web traffic that may provide a
significant competitive advantage.   
  Certain competitors could
use strong or dominant positions in one or more markets to gain competitive
advantage against us in areas in which we operate, including by: integrating
review platforms or features into products they control, such as search engines,
web browsers or mobile device operating systems; making acquisitions; changing
their unpaid search result rankings to promote their own products; refusing to
enter into or renew licenses on which we depend; limiting or denying our access
to advertising measurement or delivery systems; limiting our ability to target
or measure the effectiveness of ads; or making access to our platform more
difficult. This risk may be exacerbated by the trend in recent years toward
consolidation among online media companies, potentially allowing our larger
competitors to offer bundled or integrated products that feature alternatives to
our platform.   
  Our competitors may also
enjoy competitive advantages, such as greater name recognition, longer operating
histories, substantially greater market share, large existing user bases and
substantially greater financial, technical and other resources. Traditional
television and print media companies, for example, have large established
audiences and more traditional and widely accepted advertising products. These
companies may use these advantages to offer products similar to ours at a lower
price, develop different products to compete with our current solutions and
respond more quickly and effectively than we do to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards or client
requirements. In particular, major Internet companies, such as Google, Facebook,
Amazon and Microsoft, may be more successful than us in developing and marketing
online advertising offerings directly to local businesses, and may leverage
their relationships based on other products or services to gain additional share
of advertising budgets.   
  To compete effectively, we
must continue to invest significant resources in product development to enhance
user experience and engagement, as well as sales and marketing to expand our
base of advertisers. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to
compete successfully for users and advertisers against existing or new
competitors, and failure to do so could result in loss of existing users,
reduced revenue, increased marketing expenses or diminished brand strength, any
of which could harm our business.   
  38     

*Our business depends
on a strong brand, and any failure to maintain, protect and enhance our brand
would hurt our ability to retain and expand our base of users and advertisers,
as well as our ability to increase the frequency with which they use our
products.     
  We have developed a strong
brand that we believe has contributed significantly to the success of our
business. Maintaining, protecting and enhancing the  Yelp  brand are critical to
expanding our base of users and advertisers and increasing the frequency with
which they use our solutions. Our ability to do so will depend largely on our
ability to maintain consumer trust in our products and in the quality and
integrity of the user content and other information found on our platform, which
we may not do successfully. We dedicate significant resources to these goals,
primarily through our automated recommendation software, sting operations
targeting the buying and selling of reviews, our consumer alerts program,
coordination with consumer protection agencies and law enforcement, and, in
certain egregious cases, taking legal action against business we believe to be
engaged in deceptive activities. We also endeavor to remove content from our
platform that violates our terms of service.   
  Despite these efforts, we
cannot guarantee that each of the 83.6 million reviews on our platform that have
been recommended and that have not been removed as of September 30, 2016 is
useful or reliable, or that consumers will trust the integrity of our content.
For example, if our recommendation software does not recommend helpful content
or recommends unhelpful content, consumers and businesses alike may stop or
reduce their use of our platform and products. Some consumers and businesses
have alternately expressed concern that our technology either recommends too
many reviews, thereby recommending some reviews that may not be legitimate, or
too few reviews, thereby not recommending some reviews that may be legitimate.
If consumers do not believe our recommended reviews to be useful and reliable,
they may seek other services to obtain the information for which they are
looking, and may not return to our platform as often in the future, or at all.
This would negatively impact our ability to retain and attract users and
advertisers and the frequency with which they use our platform.   
  Consumers may also believe
that the reviews, photos and other user content contributed by our Community
Managers or other employees are influenced by our advertising relationships or
are otherwise biased. Although we take steps to prevent this from occurring by,
for example, identifying Community Managers as Yelp employees on their account
profile pages and explaining their role on our platform, the designation does
not appear on the page for each review contributed by the Community Manager and
we may not be successful in our efforts to maintain consumer trust. Similarly,
the actions of our partners may affect our brand if users do not have a positive
experience on the Yelp Platform. If others misuse our brand or pass themselves
off as being endorsed or affiliated with us, it could harm our reputation and
our business could suffer. For example, we have encountered instances of
reputation management companies falsely representing themselves as being
affiliated with us when soliciting customers; this practice could be
contributing to rumors that business owners can pay to manipulate reviews,
rankings and ratings. Our website and mobile app also serve as a platform for
expression by our users, and third parties or the public at large may also
attribute the political or other sentiments expressed by users on our platform
to us, which could harm our reputation.   
  In addition, negative
publicity about our company, including our technology, sales practices,
personnel, customer service, litigation, strategic plans or political activities
could diminish confidence in our brand and the use of our products. Certain
media outlets have previously reported allegations that we manipulate our
reviews, rankings and ratings in favor of our advertisers and against
non-advertisers. In order to demonstrate that our automated recommendation
software applies in a nondiscriminatory manner to both advertisers and
non-advertisers, we allow users to access reviews that are both recommended and
not recommended by our software. We have also allowed businesses to comment
publicly on reviews so that they can provide a response. Nevertheless, our
reputation and brand, the traffic to our website and mobile app and our business
may suffer if negative publicity about our company persists or if users
otherwise perceive that our content is manipulated or biased. Allegations and
complaints regarding our business practices, and any resulting negative
publicity, may also result in increased regulatory scrutiny of our company. In
addition to requiring management time and attention, any regulatory inquiry or
investigation could itself result in further negative publicity regardless of
its merit or outcome.   
  Maintaining and enhancing our brand may also require us to make substantial investments, and these investments may not be successful. For example, our trademarks are an important element of our brand. We have faced in the past, and may face in the future, oppositions from third parties to our applications to register key trademarks. If we are unsuccessful in defending against these oppositions, our trademark applications may be denied. Whether or not our trademark applications are denied, third parties may claim that our trademarks infringe their rights. As a result, we could be forced to pay significant settlement costs or cease the use of these trademarks and associated elements of our brand. Doing so could harm our brand recognition and adversely affect our business. If we fail to maintain and enhance our brand successfully, or if we incur excessive expenses in this effort, our business and financial results may be adversely affected.  
  39     

*If we fail to manage
our growth effectively, our brand, results of operations and business could be
harmed.     
  We have experienced rapid growth in our headcount and operations, including through our acquisitions of other businesses, such as Eat24 in February 2015, which places substantial demands on management and our operational infrastructure. Most of our employees have been with us for fewer than two years; to manage the expected growth of our operations, we will need to continue to increase the productivity of our current employees and hire, train and manage new employees. In particular, we intend to continue to make substantial investments in our engineering organization as well as our U.S. and Canadian sales, marketing and community management organizations. As a result, we must effectively integrate, develop and motivate a large number of new employees, including employees from any acquired businesses, while maintaining the beneficial aspects of our company culture.  
  As our business matures, we
make periodic changes and adjustments to our organization in response to various
internal and external considerations, including market opportunities, the
competitive landscape, new and enhanced products, acquisitions, sales
performance, increases in headcount and cost levels. In some instances, these
changes have resulted in a temporary lack of focus and reduced productivity,
which may occur again in connection with any future changes to our organization
and may negatively affect our results of operations. Similarly, any significant
changes to the way we structure compensation of our sales organization may be
disruptive and may affect our ability to generate revenue.   
  To manage our growth, we
may need to improve our operational, financial and management systems and
processes, which may require significant capital expenditures and allocation of
valuable management and employee resources, as well as subject us to the risk of
over-expanding our operating infrastructure. However, if we fail to scale our
operations successfully and increase productivity, the quality of our platform
and efficiency of our operations could suffer, which could harm our brand,
results of operations and business.   
    We make the consumer
experience our highest priority. Our dedication to making decisions based
primarily on the best interests of consumers may cause us to forgo short-term
gains and advertising revenue.     
  We base many of our
decisions on the best interests of the consumers who use our platform. In the
past, we have forgone, and we may in the future forgo, certain expansion or
revenue opportunities that we do not believe are in the best interests of
consumers, even if such decisions negatively impact our results of operations in
the short term. For example, we phased out our brand advertising products in
part because demand in the brand advertising market has shifted toward products
disruptive to the consumer experience, such as video ads. Our approach of
putting consumers first may negatively impact our relationship with existing or
prospective advertisers. For example, unless we believe that a review violates
our terms of service, such as reviews that contain hate speech or bigotry, we
will allow the review to remain on our platform, even if the business disputes
its accuracy. Certain advertisers may therefore perceive us as an impediment to
their success as a result of negative reviews and ratings. This practice could
result in a loss of advertisers, which in turn could harm our results of
operations. However, we believe that this approach has been essential to our
success in attracting users and increasing the frequency with which they use our
platform. As a result, we believe this approach has served the long-term
interests of our company and our stockholders and will continue to do so in the
future.   
    We rely on the
performance of highly skilled personnel, and if we are unable to attract, retain
and motivate well-qualified employees, our business could be harmed.
    
  We believe our success has
depended, and continues to depend, on the efforts and talents of our employees,
including our senior management team, software engineers, marketing
professionals and advertising sales staff. All of our officers and other U.S.
employees are at-will employees, which means they may terminate their employment
relationship with us at any time, and their knowledge of our business and
industry would be extremely difficult to replace. Any changes in our senior
management team in particular may be disruptive to our business. If our senior
management team, including any new hires that we may make, fails to work
together effectively or execute our plans and strategies on a timely basis, our
business could be harmed.   
  Our future also depends on
our continuing ability to attract, develop, motivate and retain highly qualified
and skilled employees. Identifying, recruiting, training and integrating new
hires will require significant time, expense and attention, and qualified
individuals are in high demand; as a result, we may incur significant costs to
attract them before we can validate their productivity. Volatility in the price
of our common stock may make it more difficult or costly in the future to use
equity compensation to motivate, incentivize and retain our employees. If we
fail to manage our hiring needs effectively, our efficiency and ability to meet
our forecasts, as well as employee morale, productivity and retention, could
suffer, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected.

40     

Risks Related to Our
Technology         
    Our business is
dependent on the uninterrupted and proper operation of our technology and
network infrastructure. Any significant disruption in our service could damage
our reputation, result in a potential loss of users and engagement and adversely
affect our results of operations.     
  It is important to our
success that users in all geographies be able to access our platform at all
times. We have previously experienced, and may experience in the future, service
disruptions, outages and other performance problems. Such performance problems
may be due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or
software errors and capacity constraints due to an overwhelming number of users
accessing our platform simultaneously. Our products and services are highly
technical and complex, and may contain errors or vulnerabilities that could
result in unanticipated downtime for our platform and harm to our reputation and
business. Users may also use our products in unanticipated ways that may cause a
disruption in service for other users attempting to access our platform. We may
encounter such difficulties more frequently as we acquire companies and
incorporate their technologies into our service. It may also become increasingly
difficult to maintain and improve the availability of our platform, especially
during peak usage times, as our products become more complex and our user
traffic increases.   
  In some instances, we may
not be able to identify the cause or causes of these performance problems within
an acceptable period of time. If our platform is unavailable when users attempt
to access it or it does not load as quickly as they expect, users may seek other
services to obtain the information for which they are looking, and may not
return to our platform as often in the future, or at all. This would negatively
impact our ability to attract users and advertisers and increase the frequency
with which they use our platform. We expect to continue to make significant
investments to maintain and improve the availability of our platform and to
enable rapid releases of new features and products. To the extent that we do not
effectively address capacity constraints, upgrade our systems as needed and
continually develop our technology and network architecture to accommodate
actual and anticipated changes in technology, our business and operating results
may be harmed.   
  Our systems are also
vulnerable to damage or interruption from catastrophic occurrences such as
earthquakes, fires, floods, power losses, telecommunications failures, terrorist
attacks and similar events. Our U.S. corporate offices and one of the facilities
we lease to house our computer and telecommunications equipment are located in
the San Francisco Bay Area, a region known for seismic activity. In addition,
acts of terrorism, which may be targeted at metropolitan areas that have higher
population densities than rural areas, could cause disruptions in our or our
advertisers  businesses or the economy as a whole. We may not have sufficient
protection or recovery plans in certain circumstances, such as natural disasters
affecting the San Francisco Bay Area, and our business interruption insurance
may be insufficient to compensate us for losses that may occur. Our disaster
recovery program contemplates transitioning our platform and data to a backup
center in the event of a catastrophe. Although this program is functional, if
our primary data center shuts down, there will be a period of time that our
services will remain shut down while the transition to the back-up data center
takes place. During this time, our platform may be unavailable in whole or in
part to our users.   
    If our security
measures are compromised, or if our platform is subject to attacks that degrade
or deny the ability of users to access our content, users may curtail or stop
use of our platform.     
  Our platform involves the
storage and transmission of user and business information, some of which may be
private, and security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss of this
information, which could result in potential liability and litigation. Computer
viruses, break-ins, malware, phishing attacks, attempts to overload servers with
denial-of-service or other attacks and similar disruptions from unauthorized use
of computer systems have become more prevalent in our industry, have occurred on
our systems in the past and are expected to occur periodically on our systems in
the future. We may be a particularly compelling target for such attacks as a
result of our brand recognition. User and business owner accounts and listing
pages could be hacked, hijacked, altered or otherwise claimed or controlled by
unauthorized persons. For example, we enable businesses to create free online
accounts and claim the business listing pages for each of their business
locations. Although we take steps to confirm that the person setting up the
account is affiliated with the business, our verification systems could fail to
confirm that such person is an authorized representative of the business, or
mistakenly allow an unauthorized person to claim the business s listing page. In
addition, we face risks associated with security breaches affecting our
third-party partners and service providers. A security breach at any such third
party could be perceived by consumers as a security breach of our systems and
result in negative publicity, damage to our reputation and expose us to other
losses.   
  Although none of the
disruptions we have experienced to date have had a material effect on our
business, any future disruptions could lead to interruptions, delays or website
shutdowns, causing loss of critical data or the unauthorized disclosure or use
of personally identifiable or other confidential information. Even if we
experience no significant shutdown or no critical data is lost, obtained or
misused in connection with an attack, the occurrence of such attack or the
perception that we are vulnerable to such attacks may harm our reputation, our
ability to retain existing users and our ability to attract new users. Although
we have developed systems and processes that are designed to protect our data
and prevent data loss and other security breaches, the techniques used to obtain
unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change
frequently, often are not recognized until launched against a target or long
after, and may originate from less regulated and more remote areas around the
world. As a result, these preventative measures may not be adequate and we
cannot assure you that they will provide absolute security.   
  41     

Any or all of these issues
could negatively impact our ability to attract new users, deter current users
from returning to our platform, cause existing or potential advertisers to
cancel their contracts or subject us to third-party lawsuits or other
liabilities. For example, we work with a third-party vendor to process credit
card payments by users and businesses, and are subject to payment card
association operating rules. Compliance with applicable operating rules will not
necessarily prevent illegal or improper use of our payment systems, or the
theft, loss or misuse of payment information, however. If our security measures
fail to prevent fraudulent credit card transactions and protect payment
information adequately as a result of employee error, malfeasance or otherwise,
or we fail to comply with the applicable operating rules, we could be liable to
the users and businesses for their losses, as well as the vendor under our
agreement with it, and be subject to fines and higher transaction fees. In
addition, government authorities could also initiate legal or regulatory actions
against us in connection with such incidents, which could cause us to incur
significant expense and liability or result in orders or consent decrees forcing
us to modify our business practices.   
    Some of our products
contain open source software, which may pose particular risks to our proprietary
software and solutions.     
  We use open source software
in our products and will use open source software in the future. From time to
time, we may face claims from third parties claiming ownership of, or demanding
release of, the open source software or derivative works that we developed using
such software (which could include our proprietary source code), or otherwise
seeking to enforce the terms of the applicable open source license. These claims
could result in litigation and could require us to purchase a costly license or
cease offering the implicated solutions unless and until we can re-engineer them
to avoid infringement. This re-engineering process could require significant
additional research and development resources. In addition to risks related to
license requirements, use of certain open source software can lead to greater
risks than use of third-party commercial software because open source licensors
generally do not provide warranties or controls on the origin of the software.
Any of these risks could be difficult to eliminate or manage, and, if not
addressed, could have a negative effect on our business and operating results.
  
    *Failure to protect or
enforce our intellectual property rights could harm our business and results of
operations.     
  We regard the protection of
our trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks and domain names as critical to our
success. In particular, we must maintain, protect and enhance the  Yelp  brand.
We pursue the registration of our domain names, trademarks and service marks in
the United States and in certain jurisdictions abroad. We strive to protect our
intellectual property rights by relying on federal, state and common law rights,
as well as contractual restrictions. We typically enter into confidentiality and
invention assignment agreements with our employees and contractors, as well as
confidentiality agreements with parties with whom we conduct business in order
to limit access to, and disclosure and use of, our proprietary information.
However, these contractual arrangements and the other steps we have taken to
protect our intellectual property may not prevent the misappropriation or
disclosure of our proprietary information or deter independent development of
similar technologies by others.   
  Effective trade secret,
copyright, trademark and domain name protection is expensive to develop and
maintain, both in terms of initial and ongoing registration requirements and
expenses and the costs of defending our rights. Seeking protection for our
intellectual property, including trademarks and domain names, is an expensive
process and may not be successful, and we may not do so in every location in
which we operate. Litigation may become necessary to enforce our intellectual
property rights, protect our trade secrets or determine the validity and scope
of proprietary rights claimed by others. For example, we may incur significant
costs in enforcing our trademarks against those who attempt to imitate our
 Yelp  brand. Any litigation of this nature, regardless of outcome or merit,
could result in substantial costs and diversion of management and technical
resources, any of which could adversely affect our business and operating
results.   
    We may be unable to
continue to use the domain names that we use in our business, or prevent third
parties from acquiring and using domain names that infringe on, are similar to,
or otherwise decrease the value of our brand or our trademarks or service marks.
    
  We have registered domain
names for the websites that we use in our business, such as Yelp.com. If we lose
the ability to use a domain name, whether due to trademark claims, failure to
renew the applicable registration or any other cause, we may be forced to market
our products under a new domain name, which could cause us substantial harm or
cause us to incur significant expense in order to purchase rights to the domain
name in question. In addition, our competitors and others could attempt to
capitalize on our brand recognition by using domain names similar to ours.
Domain names similar to ours have been registered by others in the United States
and elsewhere. We may be unable to prevent third parties from acquiring and
using domain names that infringe on, are similar to or otherwise decrease the
value of our brand or our trademarks or service marks. Protecting and enforcing
our rights in our domain names may require litigation, which could result in
substantial costs and diversion of management s attention.   
    Risks Related to Our
Financial Statements and Tax Matters         
    *We have incurred
significant operating losses in the past, and we may not be able to generate
sufficient revenue to regain profitability. Our recent growth rate will likely
not be sustainable, and a failure to maintain an adequate growth rate will
adversely affect our business and results of operations.     
  42     

Since our inception, we have incurred significant operating losses and, as of September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately $78.5 million. Although our revenues have grown rapidly in the last several years, increasing from $12.1 million in 2008 to $549.7 million in 2015, our revenue growth rate has declined in recent periods as a result of a variety of factors, including the maturation of our business and the gradual decline in the number of major geographic markets within the United States and Canada to which we have not already expanded. While our recently announced plans to focus our sales and marketing resources primarily on the United States and Canada may result in some cost savings, they also limit the markets from which we generate revenue and our ability to expand internationally in the future. We expect that the more immediate loss of revenue will be immaterial, but we cannot predict the impact of these plans on our long-term international prospects or the impact that a smaller international footprint may have on our brand and reputation.   
  We incurred net losses in the year ended December 31, 2015 and in the first quarter of 2016. As a result, you should not rely on the revenue growth of any prior quarterly or annual period, or the net income we realized in 2014, as an indication of our future performance. Historically, our costs have increased each year and we expect our costs to increase in future periods as we continue to expend substantial financial resources on:  

sales and marketing;

our technology infrastructure;

product and feature development;

market development efforts;      

strategic opportunities, including
      commercial relationships and acquisitions; and      

general
      administration, including legal and accounting expenses related to being a
      public company.      
  These investments may not
result in increased revenue or growth in our business. Our costs may also
increase as we hire additional employees, particularly as a result of the
significant competition that we face to attract and retain technical talent. Our
expenses may grow faster than our revenue and may be greater than we anticipate
in a particular period or over time. If we are unable to maintain adequate
revenue growth and to manage our expenses, we may continue to incur significant
losses in the future and may not be able to regain profitability.   
    *We have a limited
operating history in an evolving industry, which makes it difficult to evaluate
our future prospects and may increase the risk that we will not be successful.
    
  We have a limited operating
history in an evolving industry that may not develop as expected, if at all. As
a result, our historical operating results may not be indicative of our future
operating results, making it difficult to assess our future prospects. You
should consider our business and prospects in light of the risks and
difficulties we may encounter in this rapidly evolving industry, which we may
not be able to address successfully. These risks and difficulties include our
ability to, among other things:   

increase the number of users of our website
      and mobile app and the number of reviews and other content on our
      platform;       

attract and retain new advertising clients,
      many of which may have limited or no online advertising experience;

forecast revenue and adjusted EBITDA
      accurately, which may be more difficult as we sell more performance-based
      advertising, as well as appropriately estimate and plan our expenses;

continue to earn and preserve a reputation
      for providing meaningful and reliable reviews of local businesses;

effectively monetize our mobile products as
      usage continues to migrate toward mobile devices;

successfully compete with existing and
      future providers of other forms of offline and online advertising;

successfully compete with other companies
      that are currently in, or may in the future enter, the business of
      providing information regarding local businesses;

successfully manage our growth;      

successfully develop and deploy new features
      and products;       

manage and integrate successfully any
      acquisitions of businesses, solutions or technologies, such as Eat24;

avoid interruptions or disruptions in our
      service or slower than expected load times;       

develop a scalable, high-performance technology infrastructure that can efficiently and reliably handle increased usage, as well as the deployment of new features and products;      

hire, integrate and retain talented sales
      and other personnel;       

effectively manage rapid growth in our sales
      force, other personnel and operations; and       

effectively identify, engage and manage
      third-party partners and service providers.
     
  43     

If the demand for
information regarding local businesses does not develop as we expect, or if we
fail to address the needs of this demand, our business will be harmed. We may
not be able to address successfully these risks and difficulties or others,
including those described elsewhere in these risk factors. Failure to address
these risks and difficulties adequately could harm our business and cause our
operating results to suffer.   
    *We expect a number of
factors to cause our operating results to fluctuate on a quarterly and annual
basis, which may make it difficult to predict our future performance.
    
  Our operating results could
vary significantly from period to period as a result of a variety of factors,
many of which may be outside of our control. This volatility increases the
difficulty in predicting our future performance and means comparing our
operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. In addition
to the other risk factors discussed in this section, factors that may contribute
to the volatility of our operating results include:   

changes in the
      products we offer, such as our phase out of brand advertising products;

changes in our pricing policies and terms of
      contracts, whether initiated by us or as a result of competition;

changes in the markets in which we operate, such our plans to reallocate our international sales and marketing resources primarily to our core markets of the United States and Canada;

cyclicality and seasonality, which may
      become more pronounced as our growth rate slows;

the effects of changes in search engine
      placement and prominence;       

the adoption of any laws or regulations that
      adversely affect the growth, popularity or use of the Internet, such as
      laws impacting Internet neutrality;       

the success of our sales and marketing
      efforts;       

costs associated with defending intellectual
      property infringement and other claims and related judgments or
      settlements;       

interruptions in service and any related
      impact on our reputation;       

changes in advertiser budgets or the market
      acceptance of online advertising solutions;       

changes in consumer behavior with respect to
      local businesses;       

changes in our tax rates or exposure to
      additional tax liabilities;       

the impact of macroeconomic conditions, including the resulting effect on consumer spending at local businesses and the level of advertising spending by local businesses; and

the effects of natural or man-made
      catastrophic events.      
    Because we recognize
most of the revenue from our advertising products over the term of an agreement,
a significant downturn in our business may not be immediately reflected in our
results of operations.     
  We recognize revenue from
sales of our advertising products over the terms of the applicable agreements,
which are generally three, six or 12 months. As a result, a significant portion
of the revenue we report in each quarter is generated from agreements entered
into during previous quarters. Consequently, a decline in new or renewed
agreements in any one quarter may not significantly impact our revenue in that
quarter but will negatively affect our revenue in future quarters. In addition,
we may be unable to adjust our fixed costs in response to reduced revenue.
Accordingly, the effect of significant declines in advertising sales may not be
reflected in our short-term results of operations.   
    If our goodwill or
intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant
charge to earnings.     
  We have recorded a
significant amount of goodwill related to our acquisitions to date, and a
significant portion of the purchase price of any companies we acquire in the
future may be allocated to acquired goodwill and other intangible assets. Under
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ), we
review our intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in
circumstances indicate the carrying value of our goodwill and other intangible
assets may not be recoverable. Goodwill is required to be tested for impairment
at least annually. Factors that may be considered include declines in our stock
price, market capitalization and future cash flow projections. If our
acquisitions do not yield expected returns, our stock price declines or any
other adverse change in market conditions occurs, a change to the estimation of
fair value could result. Any such change could result in an impairment charge to
our goodwill and intangible assets, particularly if such change impacts any of
our critical assumptions or estimates, and may have a negative impact on our
financial position and operating results.   
  44     

We may require
additional capital to support business growth, and such capital might not be
available on acceptable terms, if at all.     
  We intend to continue to
invest in our business and may require or otherwise seek additional funds to
respond to business challenges, including the need to develop new features and
products, enhance our existing services, improve our operating infrastructure
and acquire complementary businesses and technologies. As a result, we may need
to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. If we raise
additional funds through future issuances of equity or convertible debt
securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any
new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges
superior to those of our common stock. Any future debt financing we secure could
involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and
other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us
to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including
potential acquisitions. We may not be able to obtain additional financing on
terms favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing
or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to
continue to support our business growth and respond to business challenges could
be significantly impaired, and our business may be harmed.   
    We may have exposure
to greater than anticipated tax liabilities.     
  Our income tax obligations
are based in part on our corporate operating structure and intercompany
arrangements, including the manner in which we develop, value and use our
intellectual property and the valuations of our intercompany transactions. For
example, our corporate structure includes legal entities located in
jurisdictions with income tax rates lower than the U.S. statutory tax rate. Our
intercompany arrangements allocate income to such entities in accordance with
arm s length principles and commensurate with functions performed, risks assumed
and ownership of valuable corporate assets. We believe that income taxed in
certain foreign jurisdictions at a lower rate relative to the U.S. statutory
rate will have a beneficial impact on our worldwide effective tax rate.
  
  However, significant
judgment is required in evaluating our tax positions and determining our
provision for income taxes. During the ordinary course of business, there are
many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is
uncertain. For example, our effective tax rates could be adversely affected by
earnings being lower than anticipated in countries where we have lower statutory
rates and higher than anticipated in countries where we have higher statutory
rates, by changes in foreign currency exchange rates or by changes in the
relevant tax, accounting and other laws, regulations, principles and
interpretations.   
  In addition, the
application of the tax laws of various jurisdictions, including the United
States, to our international business activities is subject to interpretation
and depends on our ability to operate our business in a manner consistent with
our corporate structure and intercompany arrangements. The taxing authorities of
jurisdictions in which we operate may challenge our methodologies for valuing
developed technology or intercompany arrangements, including our transfer
pricing, or determine that the manner in which we operate our business does not
achieve the intended tax consequences, which could increase our worldwide
effective tax rate and harm our financial position and results of operations. As
we operate in numerous taxing jurisdictions, the application of tax laws can
also be subject to diverging and sometimes conflicting interpretations by tax
authorities of these jurisdictions. It is not uncommon for taxing authorities in
different countries to have conflicting views, for instance, with respect to,
among other things, the manner in which the arm s-length standard is applied for
transfer pricing purposes, or with respect to the valuation of intellectual
property.   
    *Changes in tax laws
or tax rulings, or the examination of our tax positions, could materially affect
our financial position and results of operations.     
  Tax laws are dynamic and subject to change as new laws are passed and new interpretations of the law are issued or applied. Our existing corporate structure and intercompany arrangements have been implemented in a manner we believe is in compliance with current prevailing tax laws. However, the tax benefits that we intend to eventually derive could be undermined due to changing tax laws. In particular, the current U.S. administration and key members of Congress have made public statements indicating that tax reform is a priority, resulting in uncertainty not only with respect to the future corporate tax rate, but also the U.S. tax consequences of income derived from income related to intellectual property earned overseas in low tax jurisdictions. Certain changes to U.S. tax laws, including limitations on the ability to defer U.S. taxation on earnings outside of the United States until those earnings are repatriated to the United States, as well as changes to U.S. tax laws that may be enacted in the future, could affect the tax treatment of our foreign earnings.   
  In addition, the taxing
authorities in the United States and other jurisdictions where we do business
regularly examine our income and other tax returns. The ultimate outcome of
these examinations cannot be predicted with certainty. Should the IRS or other
taxing authorities assess additional taxes as a result of examinations, we may
be required to record charges to our operations, which could harm our business,
operating results and financial condition.   
  45     

Our business and
results of operations may be harmed if we are deemed responsible for the
collection and remittance of state sales taxes for Eat24 s restaurants.
    
  If we are deemed an agent
for the restaurants in our Eat24 network under state tax law, we may be deemed
responsible for collecting and remitting sales taxes directly to certain states.
It is possible that one or more states could seek to impose sales, use or other
tax collection obligations on us with regard to such food sales. These taxes may
be applicable to past sales. A successful assertion that we should be collecting
additional sales, use or other taxes or remitting such taxes directly to states
could result in substantial tax liabilities for past sales and additional
administrative expenses, which would harm our business and results of
operations. In addition, we rely on the restaurants in our Eat24 network to
provide us with the correct sales tax rates for each individual order. If such
information proves incorrect, we may be liable for the under or over collection
of sales tax from Eat24 customers.   
    *We rely on data from
both internal tools and third parties to calculate certain of our performance
metrics. Real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics may harm our reputation
and negatively affect our business.     
  We track certain
performance metrics   including the number of unique devices accessing our
mobile app in a given period, page views and calls and clicks for directions and
map views   with internal tools, which are not independently verified by any
third party. Our internal tools have a number of limitations and our
methodologies for tracking these metrics may change over time, which could
result in unexpected changes to our metrics, including key metrics that we
report. For example, our metrics may be affected by mobile applications that
automatically contact our servers for regular updates with no discernable user
action involved; this activity can cause our system to count the device
associated with the app as a unique app device in a given period. If the
internal tools we use to track these metrics over- or under-count performance or
contain algorithm or other technical errors, the data we report may not be
accurate. In addition, limitations or errors with respect to how we measure data
may affect our understanding of certain details of our business, which could
affect our longer-term strategies.   
  In addition, certain of our
key metrics   the number of our desktop unique visitors and mobile website
unique visitors   are calculated relying on data from third parties. While these
numbers are based on what we believe to be reasonable calculations for the
applicable periods of measurement, our third-party providers periodically
encounter difficulties in providing accurate data for such metrics as a result
of a variety of factors, including human and software errors. We expect these
challenges to continue to occur, and potentially to increase as our traffic
grows.   
  There are also inherent
challenges in measuring usage across our large user base. For
example, because these metrics are based on users with unique cookies, an
individual who accesses our website from multiple devices with different cookies
may be counted as multiple unique visitors, and multiple individuals who access
our website from a shared device with a single cookie may be counted as a single
unique visitor. In addition, although we use technology designed to block
low-quality traffic, such as robots, spiders and other software, we may not be
able to prevent all such traffic, and such technology may have the effect of
blocking some valid traffic. For these and other reasons, the calculations of
our desktop unique visitors and mobile website unique visitors may not
accurately reflect the number of people actually using our platform.   
  Our measures of traffic and
other key metrics may differ from estimates published by third parties (other
than those whose data we use to calculate our key metrics) or from similar
metrics of our competitors. We are continually seeking to improve our ability to
measure these key metrics, and regularly review our processes to assess
potential improvements to their accuracy. However, if our users, advertisers,
partners and stockholders do not perceive our metrics to be accurate
representations, or if we discover material inaccuracies in our metrics, our
reputation may be harmed.   
    Risks Related to
Regulatory Compliance and Legal Matters         
    *We are, and may be
in the future, subject to disputes and assertions by third parties that we
violate their rights. These disputes may be costly to defend and could harm our
business and operating results.     
  We currently face, and we
expect to face from time to time in the future, allegations that we have
violated the rights of third parties, including patent, trademark, copyright and
other intellectual property rights, and the rights of current and former
employees, users and business owners. For example, various businesses have sued
us alleging that we manipulate Yelp reviews in order to coerce them and other
businesses to pay for Yelp advertising. The nature of our business also exposes
us to claims relating to the information posted on our platform, including
claims for defamation, libel, negligence and copyright or trademark
infringement, among others. Businesses have in the past claimed, and may in the
future claim, that we are responsible for the defamatory reviews posted by our
users. We expect claims like these to continue, and potentially increase in
proportion to the amount of content on our platform. In some instances, we may
elect or be compelled to remove the content that is the subject of such claims,
or may be forced to pay substantial damages if we are unsuccessful in our
efforts to defend against these claims. If we elect or are compelled to remove
content from our platform, our products and services may become less useful to
consumers and our traffic may decline, which would have a negative impact on our
business.   
  46     

We are also regularly
exposed to claims based on allegations of infringement or other violations of
intellectual property rights. Companies in the Internet, technology and media
industries own large numbers of patent and other intellectual property rights,
and frequently enter into litigation. Various  non-practicing entities  that own
patents and other intellectual property rights also often aggressively attempt
to assert their rights in order to extract value from technology companies. From
time to time, we receive notice letters from patent holders alleging that
certain of our products and services infringe their patent rights, and we are
presently involved in numerous patent lawsuits, including lawsuits involving
plaintiffs targeting multiple defendants in the same or similar suits. While we
are pursuing a number of patent applications, we currently have only one issued
patent, and the contractual restrictions and trade secrets that protect our
proprietary technology provide only limited safeguards against infringement.
This may make it more difficult to defend certain of our intellectual property
rights, particularly related to our core business.   
  We expect other claims to
be made against us in the future, and as we face increasing competition and gain
an increasingly high profile, we expect the number of claims against us to
accelerate. The results of litigation and claims to which we may be subject
cannot be predicted with any certainty. Even if the claims are without merit,
the costs associated with defending against them may be substantial in terms of
time, money and management distraction. In particular, patent and other
intellectual property litigation may be protracted and expensive, and the
results may require us to stop offering certain features, purchase licenses or
modify our products and features while we develop non-infringing substitutes, or
otherwise involve significant settlement costs. The development of alternative
non-infringing technology or practices could require significant effort and
expense or may not be feasible. Even if claims do not result in litigation or
are resolved in our favor without significant cash settlements, such matters,
and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, could harm our business,
results of operations and reputation.   
    Our business is
subject to complex and evolving U.S. and foreign regulations and other legal
obligations related to privacy, data protection and other matters. Our actual or
perceived failure to comply with such regulations and obligations could harm our
business.     
  We are subject to a variety
of laws in the United States and abroad that involve matters central to our
business, including laws regarding privacy, data retention, distribution of
user-generated content and consumer protection, among others. For example,
because we receive, store and process personal information and other user data,
including credit card information, we are subject to numerous federal, state and
local laws around the world regarding privacy and the storing, sharing, use,
processing, disclosure and protection of personal information and other user
data. We are also subject to a variety of laws, regulations and guidelines that
regulate the way we distinguish paid search results and other types of
advertising from unpaid search results.   
  The application and
interpretation of these laws and regulations are often uncertain, particularly
in the new and rapidly evolving industry in which we operate. For example, we
rely on laws limiting the liability of providers of online services for
activities of their users and other third parties. These laws are currently
being tested by a number of claims, including actions based on invasion of
privacy and other torts, unfair competition, copyright and trademark
infringement and other theories based on the nature and content of the materials
searched, the ads posted or the content provided by users. It is difficult to
predict how existing laws will be applied to our business, and if our business
grows and evolves and our solutions are used in a greater number of countries,
we will also become subject to laws and regulations in additional jurisdictions,
which may be inconsistent with the laws of the jurisdictions to which we are
currently subject. For example, the risk related to liability for third-party
actions may be greater in certain jurisdictions outside the United States where
our protection from such liability may be unclear.   
  It is also possible that
the interpretation and application of various laws and regulations may conflict
with other rules or our practices, such as industry standards to which we
adhere, our privacy policies and our privacy-related obligations to third
parties (including, in certain instances, voluntary third-party certification
bodies). Similarly, our business could be adversely affected if new legislation
or regulations are adopted that require us to change our current practices or
the design of our platform, products or features. For example, regulatory
frameworks for privacy issues are currently in flux worldwide, and are likely to
remain so for the foreseeable future due to increased public scrutiny of the
practices of companies offering online services with respect to personal
information of their users. The U.S. government, including the White House, the
Federal Trade Commission, the Department of Commerce and many state governments
are reviewing the need for greater regulation of the collection, processing,
storage and use of information about consumer behavior on the Internet,
including regulation aimed at restricting certain targeted advertising
practices. The European Commission recently approved a new safe harbor program,
the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield, covering the transfer of personal data from the
European Union to the United States, and a new general data protection
regulation is expected to take effect in the European Union by 2018, each of
which may be subject to varying interpretations and evolving practices, which
would create uncertainty for us and possibly result in significantly greater
compliance burdens for companies such as us with users and operations in Europe.
Changes like these could increase our administrative costs and make it more
difficult for consumers to use our platform, resulting in less traffic and
revenue. Such changes could also make it more difficult for us to provide
effective advertising tools to businesses on our platform, resulting in fewer
advertisers and less revenue.   
  47     

We believe that our
policies and practices comply with applicable laws and regulations. However, if
our belief proves incorrect, if these guidelines, laws or regulations or their
interpretations change or new legislation or regulations are enacted, or if the
third parties with whom we share user information fail to comply with such
guidelines, laws, regulations or their contractual obligations to us, we may be
forced to implement new measures to reduce our legal exposure. This may require
us to expend substantial resources, delay development of new products or
discontinue certain products or features, which would negatively impact our
business. For example, if we fail to comply with our privacy-related obligations
to users or third parties, or any compromise of security that results in the
unauthorized release or transfer of personally identifiable information or other
user data, we may be compelled to provide additional disclosures to our users,
obtain additional consents from our users before collecting or using their
information or implement new safeguards to help our users manage our use of
their information, among other changes. We may also face litigation,
governmental enforcement actions or negative publicity, which could cause our
users and advertisers to lose trust in us and have an adverse effect on our
business. For example, from time to time we receive inquiries from government
agencies regarding our business practices. Although the internal resources
expended and expenses incurred in connection with such inquiries and their
resolutions have not been material to date, any resulting negative publicity
could adversely affect our reputation and brand. Responding to and resolving any
future litigation, investigations, settlements or other regulatory actions may
require significant time and resources, and could diminish confidence in and the
use of our products.   
    *Domestic and certain foreign
laws may be interpreted and enforced in ways that impose new obligations on us
with respect to Yelp Deals, which may harm our business and results of
operations.     
  Our Yelp Deals products may
be deemed gift certificates, store gift cards, general-use prepaid cards or
other vouchers, or  gift cards,  subject to, among other laws, the federal
Credit Card Accountability Responsibility and Disclosure Act of 2009 (the
 Credit CARD Act ) and similar state and foreign laws. Many of these laws
include specific disclosure requirements and prohibitions or limitations on the
use of expiration dates and the imposition of certain fees. Various companies
that provide deal products similar to ours have been subject to allegations that
their deal products are subject to and violate the Credit CARD Act and various
state laws governing gift cards. Lawsuits have also been filed in other
locations in which we sell or plan to sell our Yelp Deals, such as the Canadian
province of Ontario, alleging similar violations of provincial legislation
governing gift cards.   
  The application of various
other laws and regulations to our products, and particularly our Yelp Deals and
Gift Certificates, is uncertain. These include laws and regulations pertaining
to unclaimed and abandoned property, partial redemption, refunds,
revenue-sharing restrictions on certain trade groups and professions, sales and
other local taxes and the sale of alcoholic beverages. In addition, we may
become, or be determined to be, subject to federal, state or foreign laws
regulating money transmitters or aimed at preventing money laundering or
terrorist financing, including the Bank Secrecy Act, the USA PATRIOT Act and
other similar future laws or regulations.   
  If we become subject to
claims or are required to alter our business practices as a result of current or
future laws and regulations, our revenue could decrease, our costs could
increase and our business could otherwise be harmed. In addition, the costs and
expenses associated with defending any actions related to such additional laws
and regulations and any payments of related penalties, fines, judgments or
settlements could harm our business.   
    The requirements of
being a public company may strain our resources, divert management s attention
and affect our ability to attract and retain qualified board members.
    
  As a public company, we are
subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, the Dodd-Frank Act, the listing requirements of the New York Stock Exchange
and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Compliance with these
rules and regulations has increased, and will likely continue to increase, our
legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult,
time-consuming or costly, and place significant strain on our personnel, systems
and resources. In addition, changing laws, regulations and standards relating to
corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public
companies, increasing legal and financial compliance costs and making some
activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations and standards are
subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of
specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over
time. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters,
higher administrative expenses and a diversion of management s time and
attention. Further, if our compliance efforts differ from the activities
intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to
practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and
our business may be harmed. Being a public company that is subject to these
rules and regulations also makes it more expensive for us to obtain and retain
director and officer liability insurance, and we may in the future be required
to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain or
retain adequate coverage. These factors could also make it more difficult for us
to attract and retain qualified members of our board of directors and qualified
executive officers.   
  48     

Risks Related to
Ownership of Our Common Stock         
    *Our share price has
been and will likely continue to be volatile.     

  The trading price of our
common stock has been, and is likely to continue to be, highly volatile and
could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of
which are beyond our control. During 2015, our common stock s daily closing
price ranged from $20.87 to $57.47, and was $32.29 on October 28, 2016. In
addition to the factors discussed in this  Risk Factors  section and elsewhere
in this Quarterly Report, factors that may cause volatility in our share price
include:   

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our
      financial condition and operating results;       

changes in projected operating and financial
      results;       

actual or anticipated changes in our growth
      rate relative to our competitors;       

announcements of changes in strategy, such as the announcement of our plan to reallocate our international sales and marketing resources to our core U.S. and Canadian markets;      

announcements of technological innovations
      or new offerings by us or our competitors;       

announcements by us or our competitors of
      significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or
      capital-raising activities or commitments;       

additions or departures of key personnel;

actions of securities analysts who cover our
      company, such as publishing research or forecasts about our business (and
      our performance against such forecasts), changing the rating of our common
      stock or ceasing coverage of our company;       

investor sentiment with respect to our
      competitors, business partners and industry in general;

reporting on our business by the financial
      media, including television, radio and press reports and blogs;

fluctuations in the value of companies
      perceived by investors to be comparable to us;       

changes in the way we measure our key
      metrics;       

sales of our common stock;

changes in laws or regulations applicable to
      our solutions;       

share price and volume fluctuations
      attributable to inconsistent trading volume levels of our shares; and

general economic and market conditions such as recessions or interest rate changes.     
  Furthermore, the stock
markets have recently experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that
have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of
many companies. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate
to the operating performance of those companies. In the past, companies that
have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject
to securities class action litigation. For example, in August 2014, we and
certain of our officers were sued in two similar putative class action lawsuits
alleging violations of the federal securities laws for allegedly making
materially false and misleading statements. We may be the target of additional
litigation of this type in the future as well. Securities litigation against us
could result in substantial costs and divert our management s time and attention
from other business concerns, which could harm our business.   
    We do not intend to
pay dividends for the foreseeable future, and as a result, our stockholders 
ability to achieve a return on their investment will depend on appreciation in
the price of our common stock.     
  We have never declared or
paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not intend to pay any cash
dividends in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that we will retain all of
our future earnings for use in the development of our business and for general
corporate purposes. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at
the discretion of our board of directors. Accordingly, investors must rely on
sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as
the only way to realize future gains on their investments.   

  49     

*Anti-takeover
provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an
acquisition of our Company more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to
replace or remove our current management and limit the market price of our
common stock.     
  Provisions in our
certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of delaying or
preventing a change in control or changes in our management. Our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws include
provisions that:   

authorize our board of directors to issue,
      without further action by the stockholders, up to 10,000,000 shares of
      undesignated preferred stock;       

require that any action to be taken by our
      stockholders be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting and
      not by written consent;       

specify that special meetings of our
      stockholders can be called only by our board of directors, the Chair of
      our board of directors or our Chief Executive Officer;

establish an advance notice procedure for
      stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting, including
      proposed nominations of persons for election to our board of directors;

establish that our board of directors is
      divided into three classes, with directors in each class serving
      three-year staggered terms;       

prohibit cumulative voting in the election
      of directors;       

provide that vacancies on our board of
      directors may be filled only by a majority of directors then in office,
      even though less than a quorum; and       

require the approval of our board of
      directors or the holders of a supermajority of our outstanding shares of
      capital stock to amend our bylaws and certain provisions of our
      certificate of incorporation.      
  These provisions may
frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our
current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace
members of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the
members of our management. In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware,
we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law, which generally prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging
in any of a broad range of business combinations with any  interested 
stockholder for a period of three years following the date on which the
stockholder became an  interested  stockholder.   
    *Future sales of our
common stock in the public market could cause our share price to decline.
    
  Sales of a substantial
number of shares of our common stock in the public market, particularly sales by
our directors, officers, employees and significant stockholders, or the
perception that these sales might occur, could depress the market price of our
common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of
additional equity securities. As of September 30, 2016, we had 78,313,999 shares
of common stock outstanding.  
   ITEM         2. UNREGISTERED    
    SALES         OF         EQUITY         SECURITIES    
    AND         USE         OF         PROCEEDS
   
  None.   
   ITEM         3. DEFAULTS    
    UPON         SENIOR    
    SECURITIES    
  None.   
   ITEM         4. MINE    
    SAFETY         DISCLOSURES    
  Not applicable.   
   ITEM         5. OTHER    
    INFORMATION    
  None.   
   ITEM         6. EXHIBITS    
  A list of exhibits filed
with this report or incorporated herein by reference is found in the Exhibit
Index immediately following the signature page of this report and is
incorporated into this Item 6 by reference.   
  50  

SIGNATURES   
  Pursuant to the
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly
authorized.  

YELP INC.    

Date: November 8, 2016  
      /s/ Charles Baker   

Charles Baker   

Chief Financial Officer    

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer and Duly Authorized
      Signatory)      
        51  

EXHIBIT    
    INDEX   

The certifications
      attached as Exhibit 32.1 accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, are
      not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not
      to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Yelp Inc. under the
      Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of
      1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Quarterly
      Report on Form 10-Q, irrespective of any general incorporation language
      contained in such filing.      

<EX-31.1>
 2
 yelp3063376-ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A)

E    XHIBIT     31.1    
   CERTIFICATIONS      
  I, Jeremy Stoppelman,
certify that:   

1.  
      I have
      reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Yelp Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my
      knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
      fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
      made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made,
      not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
  report;   

3.  
      Based on my
      knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
      included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
      financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
      registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
  report;   

4.  
      The
      registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for
      establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
      defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
      control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
      13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
            
      Designed such
      disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
      procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
      information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
      subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
      particularly during the period in which this report is being
      prepared;   

b)  
      
      Designed such
      internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control
      over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
      reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
      the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
      accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      
      Evaluated the
      effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
      presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
      disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by
      this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      
      Disclosed in this
      report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial
      reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
      (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report)
      that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
      affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
      and   

5.  
      The
      registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on
      our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
      to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
      board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
    functions):   

a)  
      
      All significant
      deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
      internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
      adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
      and report financial information; and   

b)  
      
      Any fraud, whether or
      not material, that involves management or other employees who have a
      significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
      reporting.   

Date: November 8, 2016  

/s/ Jeremy Stoppelman  

Jeremy Stoppelman  

Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 yelp3063376-ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A)

E    XHIBIT     31.2      
   CERTIFICATION      
  I, Charles Baker, certify
that:   

1.  
      I have reviewed this
      Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Yelp Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my
      knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
      fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
      made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made,
      not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
  report;   

3.  
      Based on my
      knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
      included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
      financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
      registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
  report;   

4.  
      The registrant s
      other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
      maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
      Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
      reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for
      the registrant and have:   

a)  
            
      Designed such disclosure controls and
      procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
      designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
      relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is
      made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
      period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      
      Designed such internal control over
      financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
      reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
      assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
      preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
      with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the
      registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
      report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
      and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
      on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      
      Disclosed in this report any change in the
      registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred
      during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
      fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially
      affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
      internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s
      other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
      evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
      registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of
      directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      
      All significant deficiencies and material
      weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial
      reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
      ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
      and   

b)  
      
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that
      involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
      registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 8, 2016  

/s/ Charles Baker  

Charles Baker  

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 yelp3063376-ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

E    XHIBIT     32.1    
   CERTIFICATION      
  Pursuant to the requirement
set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the  Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United
States Code (18 U.S.C.   1350), Jeremy Stoppelman, Chief Executive Officer of
Yelp Inc. (the  Company ), and Charles Baker, Chief Financial Officer of the
Company, each hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge:   

1.   
      The Company s
      Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, to
      which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the  Quarterly
      Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section
      15(d) of the Exchange Act; and   

2.   
      The information
      contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material
      respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
      Company.    
  In Witness Whereof, the
undersigned have set their hands hereto as of the 8 th  day of November, 2016.  

/s/ Jeremy Stoppelman  
           
      /s/ Charles Baker   
   
      Jeremy Stoppelman  
       
      Charles Baker   
   
       Chief Executive Officer   
      
       Chief Financial
Officer      
  This certification
accompanies the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to which it relates, is not deemed
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated
by reference into any filing of Yelp Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before
or after the date of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q), irrespective of any
general incorporation language contained in such filing.   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 yelp-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 yelp-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 yelp-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 yelp-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 yelp-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 yelp-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

