<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1647088_0001144204-16-134356_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1611704</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>66973</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>115283</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>294309</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>682411</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>416697</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>34</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134356.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114172831
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134356
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		39
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Double Eagle Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001647088
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37552
		FILM NUMBER:		161996080

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2121 AVENUE OF THE STARS
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2300
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90067
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-209-7280

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2121 AVENUE OF THE STARS
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2300
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90067

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Double Eagle Acquisitions Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150706

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134356.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v452554_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

DOUBLE EAGLE ACQUISITION CORP.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Cayman Islands   
       N/A    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
      (I.R.S. Employer   
 
      incorporation or organization)  
      Identification No.)   

2121 Avenue of the Stars, Suite 2300  

  Los Angeles, CA 90067  

  (310) 209-7280  

 (Address, including zip code, and telephone
number, including area code, 

 of registrant s principal executive
offices) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

  Yes
  x             No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
and post such files). 

  Yes
  x           No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check
one):  

Large
accelerated filer           Accelerated
filer      

Non-accelerated
filer   x      (Do
not check if a smaller reporting company)          Smaller reporting company

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

  Yes
  x               No

As of November 11, 2016, the registrant had 50,000,000 of its
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, outstanding, and 12,500,000 of its Class B ordinary shares outstanding. 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

DOUBLE EAGLE ACQUISITION CORP.  

  CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS  

See accompanying notes to condensed financial
statements. 

DOUBLE EAGLE ACQUISITION CORP.   

  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

 (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed financial
statements. 

DOUBLE EAGLE ACQUISITION CORP.   
 CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY  

 For the nine months ended to September 30,
2016 

 (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed financial
statements. 

DOUBLE EAGLE ACQUISITION CORP.   
 CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

 (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed financial
statements. 

DOUBLE EAGLE ACQUISITION CORP.   

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

1.      Organization
and Business Operations   

Incorporation    

Double Eagle Acquisition Corp. (the  Company )
was incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on June 26, 2015. The functional currency of the Company is the United States
dollar. 

Sponsor    

The Company s sponsor is Double Eagle
Acquisition LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the  Sponsor ).  

Fiscal Year End    

The Company's fiscal year end is December 31. 

Business Purpose    

The Company was formed for the purpose
of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination
with one or more operating businesses that it has not yet selected ( Business Combination ). 

Financing    

The registration statement for the Company s
initial public offering (the  Public Offering ) (as described in Note 3) was declared effective by the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on September 10, 2015. The Company consummated the Public Offering on
September 16, 2015, and, simultaneously with the closing of the Public Offering, the Sponsor, Harry E. Sloan and the Company s
independent directors (and/or one or more of their estate planning vehicles) purchased an aggregate of 19,500,000 warrants in a
private placement at a price of $0.50 per warrant, generating gross proceeds, before expenses, of $9,750,000 (Note 4). 

Upon the closing of the Public Offering
and the private placement, $500,000,000 was placed in a trust account with Continental Stock Transfer   Trust Company acting
as trustee (the  Trust Account ) (discussed below). The closing of the Public Offering included an initial partial
exercise (2,000,000 units) of the overallotment option granted to the underwriters. 

Trust Account    

The Trust Account can be invested in permitted
United States  government securities  within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended (the  Investment Company Act ), having a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain
conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. 

The Company s amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association provide that, other than the withdrawal of interest to pay income taxes, if any, none of
the funds held in trust will be released until the earlier of: (i) the completion of the Business Combination; (ii) the redemption
of any of the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units sold in the Public Offering properly tendered in connection with a
shareholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to modify the substance
or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem 100% of the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units sold in the Public
Offering if the Company does not complete the Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering or
(iii) the redemption of 100% of the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units sold in the Public Offering if the Company is
unable to complete a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering.  

Business Combination    

A Business Combination is subject to the
following size, focus and shareholder approval provisions: 

Size/Control     
The Company s Business Combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market
value of at least 80% of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable
on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the Business Combination. The Company will
not complete a Business Combination unless it acquires a controlling interest in a target company or is otherwise not required
to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

Focus      The
Company s efforts in identifying prospective target businesses will initially be focused on businesses in the media or entertainment
industries, including providers of content, but the Company may pursue acquisition opportunities in other sectors. 

Tender Offer/Shareholder Approval   
  The Company, after signing a definitive agreement for a Business Combination, will either (i) seek shareholder approval
of the Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose in connection with which shareholders may seek to redeem their
Class A ordinary shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the Business Combination, for cash equal to their pro rata
share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation
of the initial business combination, including interest but less income taxes payable, or (ii) provide shareholders with the opportunity
to sell their Class A ordinary shares to the Company by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote)
for an amount in cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as
of two business days prior to commencement of the tender offer, including interest but less income taxes payable. The decision
as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of the Business Combination or will allow shareholders to sell their Class
A ordinary shares in a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors
such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require the Company to seek shareholder
approval. If the Company seeks shareholder approval, it will complete its Business Combination only if a majority of the outstanding
ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. However, in no event will the Company redeem its public shares
in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001. In such case, the Company would not proceed with
the redemption of its public shares and the related Business Combination, and instead may search for an alternate Business Combination. 

If the Company holds a shareholder vote
in connection with a Business Combination, a public shareholder will have the right to redeem its Class A ordinary shares for an
amount in cash equal to its pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business
days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest but less income taxes payable. As a result,
such Class A ordinary shares have been recorded at redemption amount and classified as temporary equity, in accordance with Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 480,  Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity.   

Liquidation and Going Concern    

The Company has 24 months from the
closing of the Public Offering (until September 16, 2017) to complete its initial Business Combination. If the Company does
not complete a Business Combination within this period of time, it shall (i) cease all operations except for the purposes
of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible, but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public
shares for a per share pro rata portion of the Trust Account, including interest, but less income taxes payable (less up to
$100,000 of such net interest to pay dissolution expenses) and (iii) as promptly as possible following such redemption,
dissolve and liquidate the balance of the Company s net assets to its remaining shareholders, as part of its plan of
dissolution and liquidation. The Sponsor, Harry E. Sloan and the Company s executive officers and independent
directors (the  initial shareholders ) have entered into letter agreements with the Company, pursuant to which
they have waived their rights to participate in any redemption with respect to their Founder Shares (as defined below);
however, if the initial shareholders or any of the Company s officers, directors or affiliates acquire Class A ordinary
shares in or after the Public Offering, they will be entitled to a pro rata share of the Trust Account upon the
Company s redemption or liquidation in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the
required time period. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets
remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be less than the initial public offering price per
Unit in the Public Offering. 

This mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as
a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the company be required
to liquidate after September 16, 2017. 

In the event of liquidation, it is possible that the per share value of the residual
assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be less than the initial public offering
price per unit in the Public Offering. 

Emerging Growth Company     

Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts
emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies
(that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities
registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act
provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging
growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition
period which means that when an accounting standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private
companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised accounting standard at the time private companies
adopt the new or revised standard. 

2.      Significant
Accounting Policies   

Basis of Presentation     

The accompanying condensed financial statements
of the Company are presented in U.S. dollars in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC, and reflect all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring
adjustments, which are, in the opinion of management, necessary for the fair presentation of the financial position as of September
30, 2016 and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. Certain information and disclosure normally included
in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. Interim results
are not necessarily indicative of results for a full year. 

Net Income (Loss) Per Ordinary Share    

Basic net income (loss) per ordinary
share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the
period. Diluted net income/loss per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) per share by the weighted average number
of ordinary shares outstanding (including shares subject to redemption), plus, to the extent dilutive, the incremental number
of ordinary shares to settle private placement warrants held by the Sponsor, as calculated using the treasury stock method.
An aggregate of 47,674,947 shares of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at September 30, 2016 have been
excluded from the calculation of basic income (loss) per ordinary shares since such shares, if redeemed, only participate in
their pro rata share of the trust earnings. The shares are included within the diluted per share calculation. The Company has
not considered the effect of warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering in the calculation of diluted income (loss)
per share, since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. 

Concentration of Credit Risk     

Financial instruments that potentially
subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution which may exceed the Federal
depository insurance coverage of $250,000. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the
Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments     

The fair value of the Company s assets
and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, 
approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet with the exception of investments in Trust, as they are carried
at amortized cost. 

Use of Estimates     

The preparation of the condensed financial
statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ
from those estimates. 

Offering Costs    

The Company complies with the requirements
of FASB ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin ( SAB ) Topic 5A,  Expenses of Offering.  Offering
costs of approximately $28,290,000, consisting principally of underwriter discounts of $27,500,000 (including approximately $19,500,000
of which payment is deferred) and approximately $790,000 of professional, printing, filing, regulatory and other costs were charged
to shareholders  equity upon completion of the Public Offering. 

Redeemable Ordinary Shares     

As discussed in Note 1, all of the 50,000,000
Class A ordinary shares sold as parts of the Units in the Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption
of Class A ordinary shares under the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. In accordance
with FASB ASC 480, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require the security to be classified outside
of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events, which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of the entity s equity
instruments, are excluded from the provisions of FASB ASC 480. Although the Company has not specified a maximum redemption threshold,
its amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will the Company redeem its public shares
in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001. 

The Company recognizes changes in redemption
value immediately as they occur and will adjust the carrying value of the security to equal the redemption value at the end of
each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable Class A ordinary shares shall be affected by
charges against additional paid in capital. Accordingly, at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 47,674,947 and 47,646,408,
respectively of the 50,000,000 Class A ordinary shares included in the Units were classified outside of permanent equity at its
redemption value. 

Income Taxes     

The Company complies with the accounting
and reporting requirements of FASB ASC 740,  Income Taxes,  which requires an asset and liability approach to financial
accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences between the
financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future taxable or deductible amounts, based on
enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation
allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts expected to be realized. 

There were no unrecognized tax benefits
as of September 30, 2016. FASB ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement
recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized,
a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company recognizes accrued
interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. No amounts were accrued for the payment of interest
and penalties at September 30, 2016. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant
payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company could be subject to income tax examinations by major taxing
authorities from inception. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements     

Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s
financial statements. 

3.      Public
Offering   

On September 16, 2015, the Company sold
50,000,000 units at a price of $10.00 per unit (the  Units ) in the Public Offering. Each Unit consists of one Class
A ordinary share of the Company, $0.0001 par value per share (the  Public Shares ), and one warrant to purchase one-half
of one Class A ordinary share (the  Public Warrants ). 

Each Public Warrant entitles the holder
to purchase one-half of one Class A ordinary share at a price of $5.75 per one-half share ($11.50 per whole share). No fractional
shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. If, upon exercise of the Public Warrants, a holder would be entitled
to receive a fractional interest in a share, the Company will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number
of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the Public Warrant holder. Each Public Warrant will become exercisable on the later
of 30 days after the completion of the Company s Business Combination and 12 months from the closing of the Public Offering.
However, if the Company does not complete a Business Combination on or prior to the 24-month period allotted to complete the Business
Combination, the Public Warrants will expire at the end of such period. Under the terms of a warrant agreement between the Company
and Continental Stock Transfer   Trust Company, as warrant agent, the Company has agreed to, following the completion of the
Company s Business Combination, use its best efforts to file a new registration statement under the Securities Act for the
registration of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants. If the Company is unable to deliver
registered Class A ordinary shares to the holder upon exercise of Public Warrants issued in connection with the 50,000,000 Units
during the exercise period, there will be no net cash settlement of these Public Warrants and the Public Warrants will expire worthless,
unless they may be exercised on a cashless basis in the circumstances described in the warrant agreement. 

The Company paid an upfront underwriting
discount of $8,000,000 ($0.16 per Unit sold) in the aggregate to the underwriters at the closing of the Public Offering, with an
additional fee (the  Deferred Discount ) equal to the difference between (a) the product of the number of Class A ordinary
shares sold as part of the Units and $0.55 and (b) the upfront underwriting discounts paid at the closing of $8,000,000, or a total
Deferred Discount of $19,500,000 ($0.39 per Unit sold). The Deferred Discount will become payable to the underwriters from the
amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event the Company completes a Business Combination. The underwriters are not entitled
to any interest accrued on the Deferred Discount. 

The closing of the Public Offering included
an initial partial exercise (2,000,000 units) of the overallotment option granted to the underwriters. 

4.      Related
Party Transactions   

Founder Shares     

On July 1, 2015, the Sponsor purchased
12,218,750 Class B ordinary shares (the  Founder Shares ) for $25,000, or approximately $.002 per share. On July 29,
2015, the Sponsor transferred 6,109,375 Founder Shares to Harry E. Sloan for a purchase price of $12,500 (the same per-share purchase
price initially paid by the Sponsor). On August 27, 2015, the Sponsor and Mr. Sloan transferred an aggregate of 25,000 Founder
Shares on a pro rata basis to each of the Company s independent directors at their original purchase price. On August 27,
2015, Mr. Sloan transferred 665,500 Founder Shares to the Sponsor. On September 10, 2015, the Company effected a share capitalization
of approximately .129 shares for each outstanding Class B ordinary share, resulting in the initial shareholders holding an aggregate
of 13,800,000 Founder Shares. The closing of the Public Offering included an initial partial exercise (2,000,000 units) of the
overallotment option granted to the underwriters which resulted in the forfeiture of an aggregate of 1,300,000 Founder Shares (the
 Forfeited Founder Shares ) by the Sponsor, Harry E. Sloan and the Company s independent directors (consisting
of 1,271,771 Forfeited Founder Shares forfeited by the Sponsor, 18,524 Founder Shares forfeited by Harry E. Sloan and 3,235 Forfeited
Founder Shares forfeited by each of the Company s independent directors) due to the underwriters not exercising their over-allotment
option in full and such that the remaining Founders Shares will equal 20% of the equity capital of the Company. 

The Founder Shares are identical to the
Public Shares except that the Founder Shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below. 

The initial shareholders have agreed not
to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of the Company s
initial Business Combination, or earlier if, subsequent to the Company s initial Business Combination, the closing price
of the Company s Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150
days after the Company s initial Business Combination, and (B) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger,
share exchange or other similar transaction after the initial Business Combination that results in all of the Company s shareholders
having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property (the  Lock Up Period ). 

Rights      The
Founder Shares are identical to the Public Shares except that (i) the Founder Shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions,
as described above, and (ii) the initial shareholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights in connection with the Business
Combination with respect to the Founder Shares and any Public Shares they may purchase, and to waive their redemption rights with
respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the
Public Offering. 

Voting      If
the Company seeks shareholder approval of a Business Combination, the initial shareholders have agreed to vote their Founder Shares
and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Public Offering in favor of the Business Combination. 

Liquidation     
Although the initial shareholders and their permitted transferees have waived their redemption rights with respect to the Founder
Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the prescribed time frame, they will be entitled to redemption
rights with respect to any Public Shares they may own. 

Private Placement Warrants     

The Sponsor, Harry E. Sloan and the Company s
independent directors (and/or one or more of their estate planning vehicles) purchased from the Company 19,500,000 warrants in
the aggregate at a price of $0.50 per warrant (an aggregate purchase price of $9.75 million) in a private placement that occurred
simultaneously with the completion of the Public Offering (the  Private Placement Warrants ). Each Private Placement
Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one-half of one Class A ordinary share at $5.75 per one-half share ($11.50 per whole share).
The purchase price of the Private Placement Warrants has been added to the proceeds from the Public Offering to be held in the
Trust Account pending completion of the Company s initial Business Combination. The Private Placement Warrants (including
the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable
until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination, and they will be non-redeemable so long as they are held
by the initial purchasers of the Private Placement Warrants or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are
held by someone other than the initial purchasers of the Private Placement Warrants or their permitted transferees, the Private
Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants.
Otherwise, the Private Placement Warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the Public Warrants and have
no net cash settlement provisions. 

If the Company does not complete a Business
Combination, then the proceeds will be part of the liquidating distribution to the public shareholders and the Private Placement
Warrants will expire worthless. 

Registration Rights    

The initial shareholders and holders of
the Private Placement Warrants will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed on September
10, 2015. The initial shareholders and holders of the Private Placement Warrants will be entitled to make up to three demands,
excluding short form registration demands, that the Company register such securities for sale under the Securities Act. In addition,
these holders will have  piggy-back  registration rights to include their securities in other registration statements
filed by the Company. However, the registration rights agreement provides that the Company will not permit any registration statement
filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable Lock Up Period. The Company will bear the
expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Administrative Services    

The Company will reimburse the Sponsor
for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of the Company s management team by the Sponsor,
members of the Sponsor, and the Company s management team or their affiliates in an amount not to exceed $15,000 per month
in the event such space and/or services are utilized and the Company does not pay a third party directly for such services, from
the date of closing of the Public Offering.  For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred
$45,000 and $135,000, respectively of administrative services under this arrangement. Upon completion of a Business Combination
or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. 

5.      Commitments
  Contingencies   

The Company is committed to pay the Deferred
Discount totaling $19,500,000, or 3.9% of the gross offering proceeds of the Public Offering, to the underwriters upon the Company s
consummation of a Business Combination. The underwriters will not be entitled to any interest accrued on the Deferred Discount,
and no Deferred Discount is payable to the underwriters if there is no Business Combination. 

6.      Trust
Account and Fair Value Measurements   

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, investment securities in the Company Trust Account consisted of $500,916,049 and $500,080,274, respectively in United States
Treasury Bills and another $1,430 and $9,408, respectively held as cash and cash equivalents. The Company classifies its Treasury
Instruments and equivalent securities as held-to-maturity in accordance with FASB ASC 320  Investments   Debt and Equity
Securities . Held-to-maturity securities are those securities which the Company has the ability and intent to hold until
maturity. Held-to-maturity treasury securities are recorded at amortized cost on the accompanying balance sheets and adjusted for
the amortization or accretion of premiums or discounts. The following table presents fair value information as of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation techniques the Company utilized to determine
such fair value. In addition, the table presents the carrying value (held to maturity), excluding accrued interest income and gross
unrealized holding gain. Since all of the Company s permitted investments consist of U.S. government treasury bills and cash,
fair values of its investments are determined by Level 1 inputs utilizing quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical
assets as follows: 

7.      Shareholders 
Equity   

Ordinary Shares      The authorized
ordinary shares of the Company include up to 400,000,000 shares, including 380,000,000 Class A ordinary shares and 20,000,000 Class
B ordinary shares. Holders of the Class A ordinary shares and holders of the Class B ordinary shares vote together as a single
class on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s shareholders, except as required by law. Each ordinary share has
one vote. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there were 50,000,000 Class A ordinary shares outstanding, including 47,674,947
and 47,646,408 shares subject to possible redemption, and 12,500,000 Class B ordinary shares outstanding. 

Preferred Shares     
The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 preferred shares. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, no preferred shares
were outstanding. 

Item 2. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  

References to the  Company, 
 our,   us  or  we  refer to Double Eagle Acquisition Corp. The following discussion and analysis
of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed
financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion
and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  

The statements contained in this report
that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to,
statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future.
In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances,
including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words  anticipate,   believe, 
 continue,   could,   estimate,   expect,   intends,   may, 
 might,   plan,   possible,   potential,   predict,   project, 
 should,   would  and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these
words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may
include, for example, statements about: 

our
ability to complete our initial business combination;  

our
success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business
combination;  

our
officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business
or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements;  

our
potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination;  

our
pool of prospective target businesses;  

the
ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities;  

our
public securities  potential liquidity and trading;  

the
lack of a market for our securities;  

the
use of proceeds not held in the Trust Account (as described herein) or available to us from interest income on the Trust Account
balance; or  

our
financial performance.  

The forward-looking statements contained
in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on
us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking
statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause
actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These
risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading  Risk Factors  in
our prospectus dated September 10, 2015 and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Should one or
more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in
material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under
applicable securities laws. 

Overview  

We are a blank check company incorporated
as a Cayman Islands exempted company on June 26, 2015 and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses ( Business Combination ).
We intend to consummate a Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering (the  Public Offering )
that closed on September 16, 2015 (the  Closing Date ) and the private placement of warrants to purchase our Class
A ordinary shares ( Private Placement Warrants ) that also occurred on the Closing Date, and from additional issuances
of, if any, our equity and our debt, or a combination of cash, equity and debt. 

The issuance of additional ordinary shares
in a business combination: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the Public Offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares;   

may subordinate the rights of holders of ordinary shares if preferred shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our ordinary shares;   

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of our ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present executive officers and directors;   

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and   

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants to purchase our Class A ordinary shares.   

Similarly, if we issue debt securities,
it could result in: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;   

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;   

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand;   

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding;   

our inability to pay dividends on our ordinary shares;   

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our ordinary shares, if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;   

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;   

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and   

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt.   

At September 30, 2016, we held cash
and cash equivalents of $345,429, current liabilities of $112,671 and deferred underwriting compensation of $19,500,000.
Further, we expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that
our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. 

Results of Operations  

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and the period from June 26, 2015 (inception) to September 30, 2015, we had income (loss) from operations of $190,937,
$285,396 and ($14,793), respectively. Our business activities from Inception through September 30, 2016 consisted solely of completing
our Public Offering, and identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition targets for a Business Combination. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Prior to our Public Offering, we issued
an aggregate of 12,218,750 Class B ordinary shares, or founder shares, to Double Eagle Acquisition LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (our  Sponsor ) for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000 in cash, or approximately $0.002 per share. On July
29, 2015, our Sponsor transferred 6,109,375 founder shares to Harry E. Sloan for a purchase price of $12,500 (the same per-share
purchase price initially paid by our Sponsor). On August 27, 2015, our Sponsor and Mr. Sloan transferred an aggregate of 25,000
founder shares on a pro rata basis to each of our independent directors at their original purchase price. On August 27, 2015, Mr.
Sloan transferred 665,500 founder shares to our Sponsor. On September 10, 2015, we effected a share capitalization of approximately
..129 shares for each outstanding Class B ordinary share, resulting in our initial shareholders holding an aggregate of 13,800,000
founder shares. 

On September 16, 2015, we consummated the
Public Offering of 50,000,000 units (including the issuance of 2,000,000 units as a result of the underwriters  partial exercise
of their over-allotment option) at a price of $10.00 per unit generating gross proceeds of $500,000,000 before underwriting discounts
and expenses. Simultaneously with the consummation of the Public Offering, on the Closing Date, we effected the private sale of
an aggregate of 19,500,000 Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable to purchase one-half of one Class A ordinary share at $5.75
per one-half share, to the Sponsor, at a price of $0.50 per Private Placement Warrant. 

We received gross proceeds from the Public
Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants of $500,000,000 and $9,750,000, respectively, for an aggregate of $509,750,000.
$500,000,000 of the gross proceeds were deposited in a trust account with Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company acting as
Trustee (the  Trust Account ). At the Closing Date, the remaining $9,750,000 was held outside of the Trust Account,
of which $8,000,000 was used to pay underwriting discounts. $20,000 in offering expenses were paid by the Sponsor prior to the
Public Offering in exchange for founder shares. In the future, a portion of the interest income on the funds held in the Trust
Account may be released to us to pay tax obligations. At September 30, 2016, funds held in the Trust Account consisted solely of
investments solely in short term treasury securities and cash deposits. 

At September 30, 2016, we had cash
and cash equivalents held outside of the Trust Account of $345,429, which is available to fund our working capital
requirements and accrued offering expenses. 

At September 30, 2016, we had current liabilities
of $112,671, largely due to short term financing of our directors and offices liability insurance and amounts owed to professionals,
consultants, advisors and others who performed services or are working on identifying and evaluating a Business Combination. The
identification and evaluation of a potential Business Combination is continuing after September 30, 2016 and additional expenses
will be incurred. Such expenses may be significant, and we expect some portion of them would be paid upon consummation of a Business
Combination. We may request loans from our Sponsor, affiliates of our Sponsor or certain of our executive officers and directors
to fund our working capital requirements prior to completing a Business Combination. We may use working capital to repay such loans,
but no funds may be withdrawn from the Trust Account for such repayment unless and until we complete an initial business combination.
Additional funds could also be raised through a private offering of debt or equity. Our Sponsor, affiliates of our Sponsor, executive
officers and directors are not obligated to make loans to us, and we may not be able to raise additional funds from unaffiliated
parties. If we are unable to fund future working capital needs, if any, prior to completion of a Business Combination, our ability
to continue as a going concern may be impaired. 

We have 24 months from the
Closing Date (until September 16, 2017) to complete a Business Combination. If we do not complete a Business Combination
within this time period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up, (ii) as promptly
as reasonably possible, but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (less up to $100,000
of interest to pay dissolution expenses), less income taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding public
shares, which redemption will completely extinguish the shareholder rights of owners of Class A ordinary shares (including
the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly
as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board
of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law
to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

We intend to use substantially all of the
funds held in the Trust Account, including interest, less income taxes payable, to consummate a Business Combination. To the extent
that our equity or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to consummate a Business Combination, the remaining proceeds
held in the Trust Account after completion of the Business Combination and redemptions of Class A ordinary shares, if any, will
be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our
growth strategy. 

We do not believe we will need to raise
additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimates of the costs
of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual
amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our Business Combination.
Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete a Business Combination or because we become obligated to
redeem a significant number of our Class A ordinary shares upon completion of a Business Combination, in which case we may issue
additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements  

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with
unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. 

We have not entered into any off-balance
sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or
entered into any non-financial agreements involving assets. 

Contractual Obligations  

We do not have any long-term debt, capital
lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities other than an administrative agreement to reimburse the
Sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of the Company s management team by
the Sponsor, members of the Sponsor, and the Company s management team or their affiliates in an amount not to exceed $15,000
per month in the event such space and/or services are utilized and the Company does not pay a third party directly for such services,
from the date of closing of the Public Offering. Upon completion of a Business Combination or the Company s liquidation,
the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

The preparation of financial statements
and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires our management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the condensed financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results
could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following as our critical accounting policies: 

Offering Costs  

We comply with the requirements of Accounting
Standards Codification ( ASC ) 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A,  Expenses of Offering. 
We incurred offering costs in connection with our Public Offering of approximately $790,000, primarily consisting of accounting
and legal services, securities registration expenses and exchange listing fees. These costs, along with paid and deferred underwriter
discounts totaling $27,500,000, were charged to additional paid-in capital at the Closing Date. 

Redeemable Ordinary Shares  

All 50,000,000 Class A ordinary shares
sold as part of the units in the Public Offering contain a redemption feature under which holders of Class A ordinary shares may,
two business days prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, redeem their Class A ordinary shares for a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest, less income taxes payable,
divided by the number of then outstanding Class A ordinary shares. In accordance with ASC 480,  Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity  ( ASC 480 ), redemption provisions not solely within an entity s control require the security
to be classified outside of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events, which involve the redemption and liquidation of all
of an entity s equity instruments, are excluded from the provisions of ASC 480. Although we did not specify a maximum redemption
threshold, our charter provides that in no event will we redeem our Class A ordinary shares in an amount that would cause our net
tangible assets, or total shareholders  equity, to fall below $5,000,001. Accordingly, at September 30, 2016, 47,674,947
of our 50,000,000 Class A ordinary shares were classified outside of permanent equity. 

Net Income (Loss) per Ordinary Share  

Net income (loss) per ordinary share
is computed by dividing net income (loss) attributable to ordinary shares by the weighted average number of ordinary shares
outstanding during the period, plus to the extent dilutive the incremental number of ordinary shares to settle warrants, as
calculated using the treasury stock method. At September 30, 2016, we had outstanding warrants for the purchase of up to
34,750,000 Class A ordinary shares. An aggregate of 47,674,947 shares of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible
redemption at September 30, 2016 have been excluded from the calculation of basic income (loss) per ordinary shares since
such shares, if redeemed, only participate in their pro rata share of the trust earnings. The shares are included within the
diluted per share calculation. The Company has not considered the effect of warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering in
the calculation of diluted income (loss) per share, since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk.  

To date, our efforts have been limited
to organizational activities and activities relating to the Public Offering and the identification and evaluation of prospective
acquisition targets for a Business Combination. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues. The net proceeds
from our Public Offering and the sale of Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account are comprised entirely of cash. We
may invest funds held in the Trust Account in permitted United States  government securities  within the meaning of
Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the  Investment Company Act ), having a maturity
of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company
Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Our only market risk exposure will relate to fluctuations
in interest rates and the resulting impact on the value of investments held in the Trust Account. Due to the short-term nature
of such investments, we do not believe that we will be subject to material exposure due to interest rate risk. 

At September 30, 2016, $500,917,479 was
held in the Trust Account for the purposes of consummating a Business Combination. If we complete a Business Combination within
24 months after the Closing Date, funds in the Trust Account will be used to pay for the Business Combination, redemptions
of Class A ordinary shares, if any, the deferred underwriting compensation of $19,500,000 and accrued expenses related to the Business
Combination. Any funds remaining will be made available to us to provide working capital to finance our operations. 

We have not engaged in any hedging activities
since our Inception. We do not expect to engage in any hedging activities with respect to the market risk to which we are exposed. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures.  

Disclosure controls and procedures are
controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without
limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted
under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15
under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016. Based upon their evaluation, our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective. 

During the most recently completed fiscal
quarter, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings.  

None. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors.  

Factors that could cause our actual results
to differ materially from those in this report are any of the risks disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015, which was filed with the SEC. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect
on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem
immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. 

As of the date of this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2015 which was filed with the SEC. However, we may disclose changes to such factors or disclose additional factors
from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds.  

Use of Proceeds  

Proceeds of $500,000,000 from the Public
Offering and simultaneous sale of the Private Placement Warrants, including deferred underwriting compensation of $19,500,000,
are held in the Trust Account at March 31, 2016. We paid $8,000,000 in underwriting discounts and incurred offering costs of approximately
$795,000 related to the Public Offering. In addition, the Underwriters agreed to defer $19,500,000 in underwriting discounts, which
amount will be payable when and if a Business Combination is consummated. There has been no material change in the planned use
of proceeds from the Public Offering as described in our Prospectus dated September 10, 2015 which was filed with the SEC.  

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.  

None. 

Item 5. Other Information.  

None.  

Item 6. Exhibits.  

The following exhibits are filed as part
of, or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

DOUBLE EAGLE ACQUISITION CORP.    

Date: November 14, 2016   

/s/ Jeff Sagansky  

Name: Jeff Sagansky   

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer)   

/s/ James A. Graf  

Name: James A. Graf   

Title: Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
    and Treasurer (principal financial officer)   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452554_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF CEO 

I, Jeff Sagansky, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 of
Double Eagle Acquisition Corp.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Jeff Sagansky   

Jeff Sagansky  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452554_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF CFO 

I, James A. Graf, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 of
Double Eagle Acquisition Corp.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ James A. Graf    

James A. Graf  

Vice President and Chief Financial  
Officer and Treasurer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452554_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION OF PERIOD REPORT 

I, Jeff Sagansky, President and
Chief Executive Officer of Double Eagle Acquisition Corp. (the  Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

2.  the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Jeff Sagansky   

Jeff Sagansky  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v452554_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION OF PERIOD REPORT 

I, James A. Graf, Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer of Double Eagle Acquisition Corp. (the  Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

2.  the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date: November 14,
2016  

/s/ James A. Graf    

James A. Graf  

Vice President and Chief Financial  
Officer and Treasurer  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 eagl-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 eagl-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 eagl-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 eagl-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 eagl-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 eagl-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

