<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-K_edgar_data_928465_0001558370-16-009684_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7819474</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>178648</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>305755</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2464940</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2902733</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1469572</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>38</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-16-009684.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108162427
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-16-009684
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		69
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMCON DISTRIBUTING CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000928465
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-GROCERIES & GENERAL LINE [5141]
		IRS NUMBER:				470702918
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15589
		FILM NUMBER:		161981573

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7405 IRVINGTON ROAD
		STREET 2:		POST OFFICE BOX 641940 (68164-7940)
		CITY:			OMAHA
		STATE:			NE
		ZIP:			68122
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4023313727

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7405 IRVINGTON ROAD
		STREET 2:		POST OFFICE BOX 641940 (68164-7940)
		CITY:			OMAHA
		STATE:			NE
		ZIP:			68122

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-16-009684.txt : 20161108

10-K
 1
 dit-20160930x10k.htm
 10-K

dit_Current folio_10K

Table of Contents  

TM  

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 10 K 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the transition period from              to               

Commission File Number 1 15589 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware   (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  

47 0702918   (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)  

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

(402) 331 3727 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class  

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered  

None  

None  

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Common Stock, $.01 Par Value  

(Title of Class)  

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes    No   

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes    No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 of 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes    No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S T (232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes    No   

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S K (229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10 K or any amendment to this Form 10 K.   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b 2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer     

Accelerated filer     

Non accelerated filer   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Smaller reporting company    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b 2 of the Act). Yes    No   

The aggregate market value of the voting and non voting common equity held by non affiliates of the registrant on March 31, 2016 was $26,757,130 computed by reference to the $81.60 closing price of such common stock equity on March 31, 2016. 

As of November 7, 2016 there were 690,042 shares of common stock outstanding. 

Portions of the following document are incorporated by reference into the indicated parts of this report: definitive proxy statement for the December 2016 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A Part     III. 

Table of Contents  

AMCON DISTRIBUTING COMPANY 

Table   of Contents 

Page  

PART I      

Item 1.    

Business   

3 

Item 1A.    

Risk Factors   

7 

Item 1B.    

Unresolved Staff Comments   

15 

Item 2.    

Properties   

15 

Item 3.    

Legal Proceedings   

15 

Item 4.    

Mine Safety Disclosures   

16 

PART II      

Item 5.    

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   

16 

Item 6.    

Selected Financial Data   

18 

Item 7.    

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

18 

Item 7A.    

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

29 

Item 8.    

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   

30 

Item 9.    

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   

52 

Item 9A.    

Controls and Procedures   

52 

Item 9B.    

Other Information   

53 

PART III      

Item 10.    

Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance   

54 

Item 11.    

Executive Compensation   

54 

Item 12.    

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   

54 

Item 13.    

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   

54 

Item 14.    

Principal Accounting Fees and Services   

54 

PART IV      

Item 15.    

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules   

55 

2 

Table of Contents  

PART   I 

For purposes of this report, unless the context indicates otherwise, all references to  we,   us,   our,   Company,  and  AMCON  shall mean AMCON Distributing Company and its subsidiaries. The Company s 2016 and 2015 fiscal years ended September 30, are herein referred to as fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, respectively. The fiscal year end balance sheet dates of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 are referred to herein as September 2016 and September 2015, respectively. This report and the documents incorporated by reference herein, if any, contain forward looking statements, which are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties. See  Forward Looking Statements  under Item 7 of this report. 

ITEM 1.    BUSINES  S 

COMPANY OVERVIEW 

AMCON Distributing Company was incorporated in Delaware in 1986 and our common stock is listed on NYSE MKT under the symbol  DIT.  The Company operates two business segments: 

Our wholesale distribution segment ( Wholesale Segment ) distributes consumer products in the Central, Rocky Mountain, and Southern regions of the United States. Additionally, our Wholesale Segment provides a full range of programs and services to assist our customers in managing their business and profitability.     

Our retail health food segment ( Retail Segment ) operates sixteen health food retail stores located throughout the Midwest and Florida.     

WHOLESALE SEGMENT 

Our Wholesale Segment is one of the largest wholesale distributors in the United States serving approximately 4,000 retail outlets including convenience stores, grocery stores, liquor stores, drug stores, and tobacco shops. We currently distribute over 16,000 different consumer products, including cigarettes and tobacco products, candy and other confectionery, beverages, groceries, paper products, health and beauty care products, frozen and chilled products and institutional foodservice products. Convenience stores represent our largest customer category. In September 2016, Convenience Store News ranked us as the seventh (7th) largest convenience store distributor in the United States based on annual sales. 

Our wholesale business offers retailers the ability to take advantage of manufacturer and Company sponsored sales and marketing programs, merchandising and product category management services, and the use of information systems and data services that are focused on minimizing retailers  investment in inventory, while seeking to maximize their sales and profits. In addition, our wholesale distributing capabilities provide valuable services to both manufacturers of consumer products and convenience retailers. Manufacturers benefit from our broad retail coverage, inventory management, efficiency in processing small orders, and frequency of deliveries. Convenience retailers benefit from our distribution capabilities by gaining access to a broad product line, optimizing inventory, merchandising expertise, information systems, and accessing trade credit. 

Our Wholesale Segment operates six distribution centers located in Illinois, Missouri, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, and Tennessee. These distribution centers, combined with cross dock facilities, include approximately 641,000 square feet of permanent floor space. Our principal suppliers include Altria, RJ Reynolds, ITG Brands, Hershey, Kelloggs, Kraft, and Mars. We also market private label lines of water, candy products, batteries, and other products. We do not maintain any long term purchase contracts with our suppliers. 

3 

Table of Contents  

RETAIL SEGMENT 

Our Retail Segment is a specialty retailer of natural/organic groceries and dietary supplements which focuses on providing high quality products at affordable prices, with an exceptional level of customer service and nutritional consultation. All of the products carried in our stores must meet strict quality and ingredient guidelines, and include offerings such as gluten free and antibiotic free groceries and meat products, as well as products containing no artificial colors, flavors, preservatives, or partially hydrogenated oils. We design our retail sites in an efficient and flexible small store format, which emphasizes a high energy and shopper friendly environment. 

We operate within the natural products retail industry, which is a subset of the large and stable U.S. grocery industry. This industry includes conventional, natural, gourmet and specialty food markets, mass and discount retailers, warehouse clubs, health food stores, dietary supplement retailers, drug stores, farmers markets, mail order and online retailers, and multi level marketers.  

Our Retail Segment operates sixteen retail health food stores as Chamberlin s Market   Caf  and Akin s Natural Foods Market. These stores carry over 32,000 different national and regionally branded and private label products including high quality natural, organic, and specialty foods consisting of produce, baked goods, frozen foods, nutritional supplements, personal care items, and general merchandise. Chamberlin s, which was established in 1935, operates six stores in and around Orlando, Florida. Akin s, which was also established in 1935, has a total of ten locations in Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri, Nebraska, and Oklahoma. 

COMPETITIVE STRENGTHS 

We believe that we benefit from a number of competitive strengths, including the following: 

Industry Experience 

The management teams for both of our business segments include substantial depth in the areas of finance, information technology, business development, retail store support, logistics, sales, and marketing. This experience is beneficial for the management of vendor and customer relationships as well as overall operational execution. 

Flexible Distribution Capabilities and Customer Service Programs 

Wholesale distributors typically provide convenience store retailers access to a broad product line, the ability to place small quantity orders, inventory management, and access to trade credit. As a large, full service wholesale distributor, we offer retailers a wide array of manufacturer and Company sponsored sales and marketing programs, merchandising and product category management services, and the use of information systems that are focused on minimizing retailers  investment in inventory, while seeking to maximize their sales and profit. 

The wholesale distribution industry is highly fragmented and historically has consisted of a large number of small, privately owned businesses and a small number of large, full service wholesale distributors serving multiple geographic regions. Relative to smaller competitors, large distributors such as our Company benefit from several competitive advantages including: increased purchasing power, the ability to service large chain accounts, economies of scale in sales and operations, and the resources to invest in information technology and other productivity enhancing technologies. 

Unique Product Selection 

Our retail health foods business prides itself in carrying a broad and superior quality selection of natural food products and vitamin supplements. The depth of our product offerings, combined with highly trained and knowledgeable in store associates, has created a loyal customer following where our stores are sought out destinations, providing a personalized shopping experience. 

4 

Table of Contents  

BUSINESS STRATEGY 

Our business strategy focuses on short, medium, and long term objectives designed to create shareholder value. Our strategy objectives are: 

Maximizing liquidity in the short term.     

Reducing debt, developing new customer focused technology applications, expanding our foodservice platform, and making continued investments in our retail health food and wellness business in the medium term.     

Growing both organically and through acquisitions, and expanding our geographic footprint in the long term.     

To execute this strategy, our Company has rigorous operational processes in place designed to control costs, manage credit risk, monitor inventory levels, and maintain maximum liquidity. The success of our strategy, however, is ultimately dependent on our ability to provide superior service, develop leading edge technologies, and maintain an exceptional array of product offerings. 

PRINCIPAL PRODUCTS 

The sales of cigarettes represented 72% of our consolidated revenue in both fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015. Sales of candy, beverages, foodservice, groceries, health food products, paper products, health and beauty care products, and tobacco products represented approximately 28% of our consolidated revenue in both fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015. 

INFORMATION ON SEGMENTS 

Information about our segments is presented in Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report. 

COMPETITION Wholesale Segment 

Our Wholesale Segment has a significant presence in the regions in which we operate. There are, however, a number of both national and regional wholesale distributors operating in the same geographical regions as our Company, resulting in a highly competitive marketplace. Our principal competitors are national wholesalers such as McLane Co., Inc. (Temple, Texas) and Core Mark International (San Francisco, California), as well as regional wholesalers such as Eby Brown LLP (Chicago, Illinois), Farner Bocken (Carroll, Iowa), and H.T. Hackney (Knoxville, Tennessee) along with a host of smaller grocery and tobacco wholesalers. 

Competition within the wholesale distribution industry is primarily based on the range and quality of the services provided, pricing, variety of products offered, and the reliability of deliveries. Our larger competitors principally compete on pricing and breadth of product offerings, while our smaller competitors focus on customer service and their delivery arrangements. 

We believe our business model positions us to compete with a wide range of competitors including national, regional, and local wholesalers. As the seventh (7th) largest convenience store distributor in the United States based on annual sales (according to Convenience Store News), our wholesale distribution business has sufficient economies of scale to offer competitive pricing as compared to national wholesalers. Additionally, we believe our flexible distribution and support model allow us to provide a high level of customized merchandising solutions. 

COMPETITION Retail Segment 

Natural food and supplement retailing is an intensely competitive business. We face competition from a variety of sales channels including local, regional, and national retailers, specialty supermarkets, membership clubs, farmers markets, other natural foods stores, and internet and/or digital direct-to-consumer retailers, each of which competes with us on the basis of product selection, quality, customer service, and price.    

5 

Table of Contents  

The natural food retail industry is highly fragmented. According to The Natural Foods Merchandiser ( NFM ), there are approximately 11,000 natural food retail stores operating independently or as part of small retail chains and nearly 36,000 stores when national chains such as Whole Foods Markets, Trader Joe s, Sprouts Farmers Market, Natural Grocers, General Nutrition Centers ( GNC ), and Vitamin World are included. The increasing demand for natural products has fueled an expansion by national chains which continue to add new stores and complete acquisitions. Additionally, in recent years conventional supermarkets have begun offering natural food products adding an additional layer of competition. 

SEASONALITY 

Sales in the wholesale distribution industry are somewhat seasonal and tend to be higher in warm weather months during which our convenience store customers experience increased customer traffic. The warm weather months generally fall within the Company s third and fourth fiscal quarters. Our retail health food business does not generally experience significant seasonal fluctuations in its business. 

GOVERNMENT REGULATION 

AMCON is subject to regulation by federal, state and local governmental agencies, including but not limited to the U.S. Department of Agriculture, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ), the Occupational Safety and Health Administration ( OSHA ), the Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms ( ATF ) and the U.S. Department of Transportation ( DOT ). These regulatory agencies generally impose standards for product quality and sanitation, workplace safety, and security and distribution policies. 

The Company operates in 24 states and is subject to state regulations related to the distribution and sale of cigarettes and tobacco products, generally in the form of licensing and bonding requirements. Additionally, both state and federal regulatory agencies have the ability to impose excise taxes on cigarette and tobacco products. In recent years a number of states, as well as the federal government, have increased the excise taxes levied on cigarettes and tobacco products. We expect this trend to continue as legislators look for alternatives to fund budget shortfalls and as a mechanism to discourage tobacco product use. 

ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS 

All of AMCON s facilities and operations are subject to state and federal environmental regulations. The Company believes it is in compliance with all such regulations and is not aware of any violations that could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations. Further, the Company has not been notified by any governmental authority of any potential liability or other claim in connection with any of its properties. The costs and effect on the Company to comply with state and federal environmental regulations were not significant during either fiscal 2016 or fiscal 2015. 

EMPLOYEES 

At September 2016, the Company had 680 full time and 118 part time employees, which together serve in the following areas: 

Approximately thirty of our wholesale delivery employees in our Quincy, Illinois distribution center are represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers ( IAMAW ). The current labor agreement with the union is effective through December 2017. 

6 

Table of Contents  

CORPORATE AND AVAILABLE INFORMATION 

The Company s principal executive offices are located at 7405 Irvington Road, Omaha, Nebraska 68122. The telephone number at that address is 402 331 3727 and our website address is www.amcon.com. We provide free access to the various reports we file with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission through our website. These reports include, but are not limited to, our Annual Reports on Form 10 K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10 Q. Please note that any internet addresses provided in this report are for information purposes only and are not intended to be hyperlinks. Accordingly, no information found and/or provided at such internet addresses is intended or deemed to be incorporated by reference herein. 

You may also read and copy any materials we file with the Commission at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street NE, Washington, DC 20549 on official business days during the hours of 10:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. You can get information about the Public Reference Room by calling 1 800 SEC 0330. The SEC also maintains a website at www.sec.gov which contains reports, proxies and other company information. 

ITEM 1A.    RIS  K FACTORS 

IN GENERAL 

You should carefully consider the risks described below before making an investment decision concerning our securities. 

If any of the following risks actually materialize, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline substantially. This Annual Report also contains forward looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including the risks described below and elsewhere in this Annual Report. See  Forward Looking Statements  under Item 7 of this report for a discussion of forward looking statements. 

RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE WHOLESALE BUSINESS 

Regulation of Cigarette and Tobacco Products by the FDA May Negatively Impact Our Operations.     

In 2009, the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act was signed into law which granted the FDA the authority to regulate the production, distribution, and marketing of tobacco products in the United States. Specifically, the legislation established an FDA office to regulate changes to nicotine yields, chemicals, flavors, ingredients, and the labeling used to produce and market tobacco products. The FDA office is financed through user fees paid by tobacco companies, which is passed on to wholesale distributors and end consumers in the form of higher costs. 

To date, most of the regulatory and compliance burden related to this legislation has fallen upon product manufacturers. However, if the FDA were to impose new regulations impacting wholesale distributors that we are not able to comply with, we could face remedial actions such as fines, suspension of product distribution rights, and/or termination of operations. Further, if the FDA were to issue product bans or product restrictions, our future revenue stream could materially decrease. If any of these items were to occur, our results from operations, cash flow, business, and overall financial condition could be negatively impacted. 

Our Sales Volume Is Largely Dependent upon the Distribution of Cigarette Products, Which is a Declining Sales Category.     

The distribution of cigarettes represents a significant portion of our business. During fiscal 2016, approximately 72% of our consolidated revenues came from the distribution of cigarettes which generated approximately 22% of our consolidated gross profit. Due to manufacturer price increases, restrictions on advertising and promotions, regulation, higher excise and other taxes, health concerns, smoking bans, and other factors, the demand for cigarettes may continue to decline.  If this occurs, our results from operations, cash flow, business, and overall financial condition could be negatively impacted. 

7 

Table of Contents  

Cigarettes and Other Tobacco Products Are Subject to Substantial Excise Taxes and If These Taxes Are Increased, Our Sales of Cigarettes and Other Tobacco Products Could Decline.     

Cigarette and tobacco products are subject to substantial excise taxes. Significant increases in cigarette related taxes and fees have been imposed by city, state, and federal governments in recent years. Further, the evolving regulatory responsibilities of the FDA are being funded by fees imposed on tobacco companies. These fees have been passed on to wholesale distributors and end consumers in the form of higher prices for cigarette and tobacco products. 

Increases in excise taxes and fees imposed by the FDA may reduce the long term demand for cigarette and tobacco products and/or result in a sales shift from higher margin premium cigarette and tobacco products to lower margin deep discount brands, while at the same time increasing the Company s accounts receivable risk and inventory carrying costs. If any of these events were to occur, our results from operations, cash flow, liquidity position, and overall financial condition could be negatively impacted. 

Divestiture and Consolidation Trends Within the Convenience Store Industry May Negatively Impact Our Operations.     

Divestitures and consolidations within the convenience store industry reflect a trend that may result in customer losses for us if the acquiring entity is served by another wholesale distributor and we are unable to retain the business. If we were to lose a substantial volume of business because of these trends, our results from operations, cash flow, business, and overall financial condition could be negatively impacted. 

Volatility in Fuel Prices Could Reduce Profit Margins and Adversely Affect Our Business.     

Increases or decreases in fuel prices can and do have an impact on our profit margins. If we are not able to meaningfully pass on these costs to customers, it could adversely impact our results of operations, business, cash flow, and financial condition. 

The Wholesale Distribution of Convenience Store Products Is Significantly Affected by Pricing Decisions and Promotional Programs Offered by Manufacturers and State Taxing Authorities.     

We receive payments from the manufacturers of the products we distribute including allowances, discounts, volume rebates, and other merchandising incentives in connection with various incentive programs. In addition, we receive discounts from states in connection with the purchase of excise stamps for cigarettes. If the manufacturers or states change or discontinue these programs or we are unable to maintain the volume of our sales, our results of operations, business, cash flow, and financial condition could be negatively affected. There are no assurances that the manufacturers or states will maintain these programs. 

Competition Within The Wholesale Distribution Industry May Have an Adverse Effect on Our Business.     

The wholesale distribution industry is highly competitive. There are many distribution companies operating in the same geographical regions as our Company. Our Company s principal competitors are national and regional wholesalers, along with a host of smaller grocery and tobacco wholesalers. Most of these competitors generally offer a wide range of products at prices comparable to those offered by our Company. Some of our competitors have substantial financial resources and long standing customer relationships. This competition may reduce our margins and/or cause a loss in market share, adversely impacting our results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition. 

We Occasionally Purchase Cigarettes From Manufacturers Not Covered by The Tobacco Industry s Master Settlement Agreement ( MSA ), Which May Expose Us to Certain Potential Liabilities and Financial Risks for Which We Are Not Indemnified.     

In 1994, the Mississippi attorney general brought an action against various tobacco industry members on behalf of the state to recover state funds paid for health care costs related to tobacco use. Subsequently, most other states sued the major U.S. cigarette manufacturers based on similar theories. The cigarette manufacturer defendants settled the first four of these cases   

8 

Table of Contents  

with Mississippi, Florida, Texas and Minnesota by separate agreements. These states are referred to as non MSA states. In November 1998, the major U.S. tobacco product manufacturers entered into the MSA with 46 states, the District of Columbia and certain U.S. territories. The MSA and the other state settlement agreements settled health care cost recovery actions and monetary claims relating to future conduct arising out of the use of, or exposure to, tobacco products, imposed a stream of future payment obligations on major U.S. cigarette manufacturers and placed significant restrictions on the ability to market and sell cigarettes. The payments required under the MSA resulted in the products sold by the participating manufacturers being priced at higher levels than the products sold by non MSA manufacturers. 

In order to limit our potential tobacco related liabilities, we try to limit our purchases of cigarettes from non MSA manufacturers for sale in MSA states. The benefits of liability limitations and indemnities we are entitled to under the MSA do not apply to sales of cigarettes manufactured by non MSA manufacturers. From time to time, however, we find it necessary to purchase a limited amount of cigarettes from non MSA manufacturers. For example, during a transition period while integrating distribution operations from an acquisition we may need to purchase and distribute cigarettes manufactured by non MSA manufacturers to satisfy the demands of customers of the acquired business. With respect to sales of such non MSA cigarettes, we could be subject to litigation that could expose us to liabilities for which we would not be indemnified. 

If the Tobacco Industry s Master Settlement Agreement Is Invalidated, or Tobacco Manufacturers Cannot Meet Their Obligations to Indemnify Us, We Could Be Subject to Substantial Litigation Liability.     

In connection with the MSA, we are indemnified by many of the tobacco product manufacturers from whom we purchase cigarettes and other tobacco products for liabilities arising from the sale of the tobacco products that they supply to us. However, if litigation challenging the validity of the MSA were to be successful and all or part of the MSA is invalidated, we could be subject to substantial litigation due to the sales of cigarettes and other tobacco products, and we may not be indemnified for such costs by the tobacco product manufacturers in the future. In addition, even if we continue to be indemnified by cigarette manufacturers that are parties to the MSA, future litigation awards against such cigarette manufacturers could be so large as to eliminate the ability of the manufacturers to satisfy their indemnification obligations. Our results of operations, business, cash flow, and overall financial condition could be negatively impacted due to increased litigation costs and potential adverse rulings against us. 

We Face Competition From Sales of Deep Discount Brands and Illicit and Other Low Priced Sales of Cigarettes.     

Increased selling prices for cigarettes and higher cigarette taxes have resulted in the growth of deep discount cigarette brands. Deep discount cigarette brands are brands generally manufactured by companies that are not original participants to the MSA, and accordingly do not have cost structures burdened by the MSA. Since the MSA was signed, the category of deep discount brands manufactured by smaller manufacturers or supplied by importers has grown substantially. If this growth continues, our results of operations, business cash flows, and overall financial condition would be negatively impacted. 

RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE RETAIL BUSINESS 

Increased Competition in the Retail Health Food Industry May Have an Adverse Effect on Our Business.     

In our retail health food business, we compete with a wide range of well financed regional and national competitors such as Whole Foods Markets, Trader Joe s, Sprouts Farmers Market, Natural Grocers, General Nutrition Centers ( GNC ), and Vitamin World, which have all embarked on aggressive expansion strategies. Additionally, we compete with specialty supermarkets, other and independent natural foods stores chains, small specialty stores, and restaurants. Conventional supermarkets and mass market outlets have also significantly increased and emphasized their offerings of organic and natural products. Some of these competitors may have greater financial or marketing resources than we do and may be able to devote greater resources to sourcing, promoting, and selling their products. Increased competition may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, business, cash flow, and financial condition as the result of lower sales, lower gross profits and/or greater operating costs such as marketing. 

9 

Table of Contents  

Changes in the Availability of Quality Natural and Organic Products Could Impact Our Business.     

There is no assurance that quality natural and organic products including dietary supplements, fresh and processed foods and vitamins will be available to meet our stores future needs. If conventional supermarkets increase their natural and organic product offerings or if new laws require the reformulation of certain products to meet tougher standards, the supply of these products may be constrained. Any significant disruption in the supply of quality natural and organic products could have a material adverse impact on our overall sales and product costs. 

Perishable Food Product Losses Could Materially Impact Our Results.     

Our retail stores carry many perishable products which may result in significant product inventory losses in the event of extended power outages, natural disasters, or other catastrophic occurrences. 

A Reduction in Traffic to Anchor Stores in the Shopping Areas in Close Proximity to Our Stores Could Significantly Reduce Our Sales and Leave Us With Unsold Inventory, Which Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Business, Financial Condition and Results of Operations.     

Many of our stores are located in close proximity to shopping areas that also accommodate other well known anchor stores. Sales at our stores are derived, in part, from the volume of traffic generated by the other anchor stores in the shopping areas where our stores are located. Customer traffic may be adversely affected by regional economic downturns, a general downturn in the local area where our store is located, long term nearby road construction projects, the closing of nearby anchor stores or other nearby stores or the decline of the shopping environment in a particular shopping area. Any of these events would reduce our sales and leave us with excess inventory, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operation. In response to such events, we may be required to increase markdowns or initiate marketing promotions to reduce excess inventory, which would further decrease our gross profits and net income. 

If We Are Unable to Successfully Identify Market Trends and React to Changing Consumer Preferences in a Timely Manner, Our Sales May Decrease.     

We believe our success depends, in substantial part, on our ability to: 

anticipate, identify and react to natural and organic grocery and dietary supplement trends and changing consumer preferences in a timely manner;     

translate market trends into appropriate, saleable product and service offerings in our stores before our competitors; and     

develop and maintain vendor relationships that provide us access to the newest merchandise on reasonable terms.     

If we are unable to anticipate and satisfy consumer merchandise preferences in the regions where we operate, our sales may decrease, and we may be forced to increase markdowns of slow moving merchandise, either of which could negatively impact our business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition. 

If We or Our Third Party Suppliers Fail to Comply With Regulatory Requirements, or are Unable to Provide Products that Meet Our Specifications, Our Business and Our Reputation Could be Negatively Impacted.     

If we or our third party suppliers, including suppliers of our private label products, fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements or to meet our specifications for quality, we could be required to take costly corrective action and our reputation could be negatively impacted. We do not own or operate any manufacturing facilities, and therefore depend upon independent third party vendors to produce our private label branded products, such as vitamins, minerals, dietary supplements, body care products, food products and bottled water. Third party suppliers of our private label products may not maintain adequate controls with respect to product specifications and quality. Such suppliers may be unable to produce   

10 

Table of Contents  

products on a timely basis or in a manner consistent with regulatory requirements. Additionally, there are no assurances we would be successful in finding new third party suppliers that meet our quality guidelines if needed. If any of these events were to occur, our results from operations, cash flow, liquidity position, and overall financial condition could be negatively impacted. 

RISK FACTORS RELATED TO ALL OF OUR BUSINESSES 

Employee Healthcare Benefits Represent a Significant Expense for Our Company and May Negatively Affect Our Profitability.     

Healthcare represents a significant expense item for our Company and has been increasing in recent years similar to that of the general upward trend in healthcare costs nationwide. While we strive to control these costs through modifications to insurance coverage, including increasing co pays and deductibles, there can be no assurance that we will be as successful in controlling such costs in the future. Continued increases in healthcare costs, as well as changes in laws, regulations, and assumptions used to calculate health and benefit expenses, may adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. In particular, changes mandated under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and its overall impact on the healthcare industry may increase our healthcare costs and negatively impact our cost structure, cash flow, profitability, and overall financial condition. 

We May Be Subject to Product Liability Claims Which Could Adversely Affect Our Business.     

We may face exposure to product liability claims in the event that the use of products sold by us is alleged to cause injury or illness. With respect to product liability claims, we believe that we have sufficient liability insurance coverage and indemnities from manufacturers. However, product liability insurance may not continue to be available at a reasonable cost, or, if available, may not be adequate to cover all of our liabilities. We generally seek contractual indemnification and insurance coverage from parties supplying the products we sell, but this indemnification or insurance coverage is limited, as a practical matter, to the creditworthiness of the indemnifying party and the insurance limits of any insurance provided by suppliers. If we do not have adequate insurance or if contractual indemnification is not available or if the counterparty cannot fulfill its indemnification obligation, product liability relating to allegedly defective products could materially adversely impact our results of operations, business, cash flow, and overall financial condition. 

Risk Associated with Insurance Plans Claims     

The Company uses a combination of insurance and self insurance plans to provide for the potential liabilities for workers  compensation, general liability, property insurance, director and officers  liability insurance, vehicle liability, and employee health care benefits. Liabilities associated with these risks are estimated by the Company, in part, by considering historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors, and other assumptions. Our results could be materially impacted by claims and other expenses related to such insurance plans if future occurrences and claims differ from these assumptions and historical trends. 

A Deterioration in Economic Conditions May Negatively Impact Sales in Both Our Business Segments     

Our results of operations and financial condition are particularly sensitive to changes in the overall economy, including the level of consumer spending. Changes in discretionary spending patterns may decrease demand from our convenience store customers and/or impact the demand for natural food products in our retail health food stores as customers purchase cheaper product alternatives. 

Additionally, many of our wholesale segment customers are thinly capitalized and their access to credit in the current business environment may be impacted by their ability to operate as a going concern, presenting additional credit risk for the Company. In a period of economic downturn or if the economy deteriorates, it could result in lower sales and profitability as well as customer credit defaults. 

11 

Table of Contents  

Periods of Significant or Prolonged Inflation or Deflation Affect Our Product Costs and Profitability     

Volatile product costs have a direct impact on our business. Prolonged periods of product cost inflation may have a negative impact on our profit margins and earnings to the extent that we are unable to pass on all or a portion of such product cost increases to our customers, which may have a negative impact on our business and our profitability. In addition, product cost inflation may negatively impact consumer spending decisions, which could adversely impact our sales. Conversely, our business may be adversely impacted by periods of prolonged product cost deflation because we make a significant portion of our sales at prices that are based on the cost of products we sell plus a percentage markup. As a result, our profit levels may be negatively impacted during periods of product cost deflation, even though our gross profit percentage may remain relatively constant. 

We Rely Heavily on Our Information Technology Systems to Operate Our Business. Any Disruptions to These Technology Systems Including Security Breaches, Cyber Attacks, Malware, or Other Methods by Which Our Information Systems Could Be Compromised, May Have A Material Negative Impact on Our Business.     

We rely extensively on our information technology systems to run all aspects of our business. If any of our information technology systems are damaged or made unavailable due to a wide range of issues such as power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, malware, or compromised by any other method, it could have material negative impact on our operations and profits. 

Adverse Publicity About Us or Lack of Confidence in The Products We Carry Could Negatively Impact Our Reputation and Reduce Earnings     

Maintaining a good reputation and public confidence in the products we distribute is critical to our business. Anything that damages that reputation or the public s confidence in our products, whether or not justified, including adverse publicity about the quality, safety or integrity of our products, could quickly and adversely affect our revenues and profits. In addition, such adverse publicity may result in product liability claims, a loss of reputation, and product recalls which would have a material adverse effect on our sales and operations. 

Impairment Charges for Goodwill or Other Intangible Assets Could Adversely Affect Our Financial Condition and Results of Operations.     

We are required to test annually goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives to determine if impairment has occurred. Additionally, interim reviews must be performed whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. If the testing performed indicates that impairment has occurred, we are required to record a non cash impairment charge for the difference between the carrying value of the goodwill or other intangible assets and the implied fair value of the goodwill or other intangible assets in the period the determination is made. 

The testing of goodwill and other intangible assets for impairment requires management to make significant estimates about our future performance and cash flows, as well as other assumptions. These estimates can be affected by numerous factors, including potential changes in economic, industry or market conditions, changes in business operations, changes in competition or changes in our stock price and market capitalization. Changes in these factors, or changes in actual performance compared with estimates of our future performance, may affect the fair value of goodwill or other intangible assets, which may result in an impairment charge. We cannot accurately predict the amount and timing of any impairment of assets. Should the value of goodwill or other intangible assets become impaired, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

Capital Needed for Expansion May Not Be Available.     

The acquisition of other distributors or existing retail stores, the opening of new retail stores, and the development of new or expansion of existing production and distribution facilities requires significant amounts of capital. In the past, our growth has been funded primarily through proceeds from bank debt, private placements of equity and debt and internally generated cash flow. These and other sources of capital may not be available to us in the future, which could impair our ability to further expand our business. 

12 

Table of Contents  

Covenants in Our Revolving Credit Facility May Restrict Our Ability to React to Changes Within Our Business or Industry.     

Our revolving credit facility imposes certain restrictions on us that could increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions by limiting our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and industry. Specifically, these restrictions limit our ability, among other things, to incur additional indebtedness, make distributions, pay dividends, issue stock of subsidiaries, make investments, repurchase stock, create liens, enter into transactions with affiliates, merge or consolidate, or transfer and sell our assets. 

Failure to Meet Restrictive Covenants in Our Revolving Credit Facility Could Result in Acceleration of the Facility and We May not be Able to Find Alternative Financing.     

Under our credit facility, we are required to maintain a minimum debt service ratio if our excess availability falls below 10% of the maximum loan limit as defined in our revolving credit agreement. Our ability to comply with this covenant may be affected by factors beyond our control. If we breach, or if our lender contends that we have breached this covenant or any other restrictions, it could result in an event of default under our revolving credit facility, which would permit our lenders to declare all amounts outstanding thereunder to be immediately due and payable, and our lenders under our revolving credit facility could terminate their commitments to make further extensions of credit under our revolving credit facility. Additionally, our real estate notes payable includes a cross default provision that would cause it to be in default and due immediately if our credit facility was deemed to be in default. 

We May Not Be Able to Obtain Capital or Borrow Funds to Provide Us with Sufficient Liquidity and Capital Resources Necessary to Meet Our Future Financial Obligations.     

We expect that our principal sources of funds will be cash generated from our operations and if necessary, borrowings under our revolving credit facility. However, the current and future conditions in the credit markets may impact the availability of capital resources required to meet our future financial obligations, or to provide funds for our working capital, capital expenditures and other needs for the foreseeable future. We may require additional equity or debt financing to meet our working capital requirements or to fund our capital expenditures. We may not be able to obtain financing on terms satisfactory to us, or at all. 

We Depend on Relatively Few Suppliers for a Large Portion of Our Products, and Any Interruptions in the Supply of the Products That We Sell Could Adversely Affect Our Results of Operations and Financial Condition.     

We do not have any long term contracts with our suppliers committing them to provide products to us. Although our purchasing volume can provide leverage when dealing with suppliers, suppliers may not provide the products we sell in the quantities we request or on favorable terms. Because we do not control the actual production of the products we sell, we are also subject to delays caused by interruption in production based on conditions beyond our control. These conditions include job actions or strikes by employees of suppliers, inclement weather, drought, transportation interruptions, and natural disasters or other catastrophic events. Our inability to obtain adequate supplies of the products we sell as a result of any of the foregoing factors or otherwise, could cause us to fail to meet our obligations to our customers. 

We Would Lose Business if Cigarette or Other Manufacturers That We Use Decide to Engage in Direct Distribution of Their Products.     

In the past, some large manufacturers have decided to engage in direct distribution of their products and eliminate distributors such as our Company. If other manufacturers make similar product distribution decisions in the future, our revenues and profits would be adversely affected and there can be no assurance that we will be able to take action to compensate for such losses. 

13 

Table of Contents  

We Depend on Our Senior Management and Key Personnel.     

We depend on the continued services and performance of our senior management and other key personnel. While we have employment agreements with certain key personnel, the loss of service from any of our executive officers or key employees could harm our business. 

We Operate in a Competitive Labor Market and Some of Our Employees Are Covered by Collective Bargaining Agreements.     

We compete with other businesses in each of our markets with respect to attracting and retaining qualified employees. A shortage of qualified employees could require us to enhance our wage and benefits packages in order to compete effectively in the hiring and retention of qualified employees or to hire more expensive temporary employees. 

In addition, at September 2016 approximately thirty of our delivery drivers in our Wholesale Segment are covered by a collective bargaining agreement with a labor organization, which expires in December 2017. If we were not able to renew our future labor agreements on similar terms, we may be unable to recover labor cost increases through increased prices or may suffer business interruptions as a result of strikes or other work stoppages. 

We Are Subject to Significant Governmental Regulation and If We Are Unable to Comply with Regulations That Affect Our Business or If There Are Substantial Changes in These Regulations, Our Business Could Be Adversely Affected.     

As a distributor and retailer of food products, we are subject to regulation by the FDA. Our operations are also subject to regulation by OSHA, the Department of Transportation and other federal, state and local agencies. Each of these regulatory authorities has broad administrative powers with respect to our operations. If we fail to adequately comply with government regulations or regulations become more stringent, we could experience increased inspections, regulatory authorities could take remedial action including imposing fines or shutting down our operations or we could be subject to increased audit and compliance costs. If any of these events were to occur, our results of operations, business, cash flow, and financial condition would be adversely affected. 

We cannot predict the impact that future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, the effect of additional government regulations or administrative orders, when and if promulgated, or disparate federal, state and local regulatory schemes would have on our business in the future. They could, however, require the reformulation of certain products to meet new standards, the recall or discontinuance of certain products not able to be reformulated, additional record keeping, expanded documentation of the properties of certain products, expanded or different labeling and/or scientific substantiation. While we do not manufacture any products, any of the aforementioned items could disrupt the supply levels of inventory that we sell. Any or all of such requirements could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, business, cash flow, and financial condition. 

RISK FACTORS RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK 

The Company Has Few Shareholders of Record And, If this Number Drops below 300, the Company Will No Longer Be Obligated to Report under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and in Such Case We May Be Delisted from NYSE MKT, Reducing the Ability of Investors to Trade in Our Common Stock.     

If the number of owners of record (including direct participants in the Depository Trust Company) of our common stock falls below 300, our obligations to file reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 could be suspended. If we take advantage of this right we will likely reduce administrative costs of complying with public company rules, but periodic and current information updates about the Company would not be available to investors. In addition, the common stock of the Company would be removed from listing on NYSE MKT. This would likely impact investors  ability to trade in our common stock. 

14 

Table of Contents  

We Have Various Mechanisms in Place to Discourage Takeover Attempts, Which May Reduce or Eliminate Our Stockholders  Ability to Sell Their Shares for a Premium in a Change of Control Transaction.     

Various provisions of our bylaws and of corporate law may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control or takeover attempt of our company by a third party that is opposed by our management and Board of Directors. These anti takeover provisions could substantially impede the ability of public stockholders to benefit from a change of control or change in our management and Board of Directors. These provisions include: 

classification of our directors into three classes with respect to the time for which they hold office;     

supermajority voting requirements to amend the provision in our certificate of incorporation providing for the classification of our directors into three such classes;     

non cumulative voting for directors;     

control by our Board of Directors of the size of our Board of Directors;     

limitations on the ability of stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders; and     

advance notice requirements for nominations of candidates for election to our Board of Directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by our stockholders at stockholder meetings.     

ITEM 1B.    UNRESOLVED   STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2.    PROPERTIE  S 

The location and approximate square footage of the Company s six distribution centers and sixteen retail stores at September 2016 are set forth below: 

Our Quincy, Illinois; Bismarck, North Dakota; and Rapid City, South Dakota distribution facilities are owned by our Company, and are subject to first mortgages granted to BMO Harris, NA ( BMO ). The Company leases its remaining distribution facilities, retail stores, offices, and certain equipment under noncancellable operating leases. Management believes that its existing facilities are adequate for the Company s present level of operations, however, larger facilities and additional cross dock facilities and retail stores may be required if the Company experiences growth in certain market areas. 

ITEM 3.    LEGAL   PROCEEDINGS 

None. 

15 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 4.    MINE   SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT 

Executive officers of our Company are appointed by the Board of Directors and serve at the discretion of the Board. The following table sets forth certain information with respect to all executive officers of our Company.  

Name  

Age  

Position  

Christopher H. Atayan  

56  

Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Director  

Kathleen M. Evans  

69  

President, Director  

Andrew C. Plummer  

42  

Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Secretary  

CHRISTOPHER H. ATAYAN   has served in various senior executive positions with the Company since March 2006, including his service as Chairman of the Board since January 2008 and Chief Executive Officer since October 2006, and has been a director of the Company since 2004. Mr. Atayan has served as the Senior Managing Director of Slusser Associates, a private equity and investment banking firm, since 1988, and has been engaged in private equity and investment banking since 1982. He also serves on the Board of Eastek Holdings, LLC, a manufacturing company. 

KATHLEEN M. EVANS   has been President of the Company since 1991. Prior to that time, Ms. Evans served as Vice President of the AMCON Corporation from 1985 to 1991. From 1978 to 1985, Ms. Evans acted in various capacities with AMCON Corporation and its operating subsidiaries. 

ANDREW C. PLUMMER   has served as the Company s Chief Financial Officer and Secretary since January 2007. From 2004 to 2007, Mr. Plummer served the Company in various roles including Acting Chief Financial Officer, Corporate Controller, and Manager of SEC Compliance. Prior to joining AMCON in 2004, Mr. Plummer practiced public accounting, primarily with the accounting firm Deloitte and Touche, LLP. 

PART I  I 

ITEM 5.    MARKET   FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

MARKET FOR COMMON STOCK 

The Company s common stock trades on NYSE MKT under the trading symbol  DIT . As of October 31, 2016, the closing price of our common stock on NYSE MKT was $92.10 and there were 690,042 common shares outstanding. As of that date, the Company had approximately 640 persons holding common shares beneficially of which approximately 140 are shareholders of record (including direct participants in the Depository Trust Company). The following table reflects the   

16 

Table of Contents  

range of the high and low closing prices per share of the Company s common stock reported by NYSE MKT for fiscal 2016 and 2015. 

DIVIDEND POLICY 

On a quarterly basis, the Company s Board of Directors evaluates the potential declaration of dividend payments on the Company s common stock. Our dividend policy is intended to return capital to shareholders when it is most appropriate. The Company s revolving credit facility provides that the Company may not pay dividends on its common shares in excess of $1.00 per common share on an annual basis. There is no limit on dividend payments provided that certain excess availability measurements have been maintained for the thirty day period immediately prior to the payment of any such dividends or distributions, and immediately after giving effect to any such dividend or distribution payments, the Company has a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 1.10 to 1.0 as defined in the credit facility agreement. 

Our Board of Directors could decide to alter our dividend policy or not pay quarterly dividends at any time in the future. Such an action by the Board of Directors could result from, among other reasons, changes in the marketplace, changes in our performance or capital needs, changes in federal income tax laws, disruptions in the capital markets, or other events affecting our business, liquidity or financial position. The Company paid cash dividends of $0.7 million or $1.00 per common share during fiscal 2016, and $0.5 million or $0.72 per common share during fiscal 2015. 

Prior to conversion into common stock of the Company during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company had Series A and B Convertible Preferred Stock ( Convertible Preferred Stock ) outstanding which were not registered under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. The Company paid cash dividends on the Series A and Series B Convertible Preferred Stock totaling $0.2 million during both fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015. See Note 2 to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report for further information regarding these securities. 

REPURCHASE OF COMPANY SHARES 

During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company repurchased shares of its common stock for cash totaling approximately $0.8 million. During fiscal 2016, the Company repurchased a total of 56,391 shares of its common stock for cash totaling approximately $4.8 million. All repurchased shares were recorded in treasury stock at cost. At September 2016, 41,165 shares of the Company s common shares remained authorized for repurchase in either the open market or privately negotiated transactions, as previously approved by the Company s Board of Directors. In October 2016 and subsequent to the end of fiscal 2016, our Board of Directors renewed the repurchase authorization for 50,000 shares of the Company s common stock.  

17 

Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes the purchases made by or on behalf of our Company or certain affiliated purchasers of shares of our common stock during the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016: 

*            In July 2016, our Board of Directors authorized purchases of up to 50,000 shares of our Company s common stock in open market or negotiated transactions. Management was given discretion to determine the number and pricing of the shares to be purchased, as well as the timing of any such purchases. In October 2016 and subsequent to the end of fiscal 2016, our Board of Directors renewed the repurchase authorization for 50,000 shares. 

EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 

We refer you to Item 12 of this report for the information required by Item 201(d) of SEC Regulation S K. 

ITEM 6.    SELECTED   FINANCIAL DATA 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 7.    MANAGEMENT S   DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Overview 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8 and other information in this report, including Critical Accounting Policies and Cautionary Information included at the end of this Item 7. The following discussion and analysis includes the results of operations for the twelve month periods ended September 2016 and September 2015. For more information regarding our business segments, see Item 1  Business  of this Annual Report. 

Business Update Wholesale Segment 

We believe a number of trends will significantly influence the competitive landscapes in the coming years. First, we anticipate that ongoing consolidation and restructuring amongst the manufacturer base which supplies wholesale distributors such as our Company will likely compress gross margins industry-wide as manufacturers begin to offer less robust marketing programs to promote their products. Most recently, British American Tobacco PLC announced a proposal to acquire the remaining stake in one of our biggest cigarette and tobacco suppliers, Reynolds American Inc. We believe these consolidation and restructuring trends, combined with intense price competition among wholesale distributors, will continue a long term structural shift within the industry which favors larger distributors with more meaningful economies of scale. This in turn, may force many smaller distributors from the sector over time.         

On the sales front, convenience store owners are experiencing heightened competition from the expansion of retail formats such as quick service restaurants, drug stores, and dollar stores, which are increasingly targeting product categories traditionally dominated by convenience stores.   

Partially mitigating these competitive pressures is the continued strength and composition of the industry itself.  According to the National Association of Convenience Stores ( NACS ) 2015 State of the Industry Annual Report, 63% of   

18 

Table of Contents  

convenience stores are owned and operated by independent single store owners, and another 11% of total industry stores are operated by convenience store chains with between two and fifty stores, both of which are customer segments our Company has deep expertise in serving. Further, over the past ten years the independent single store owner customer segment has experienced a growth rate of 15.1% as compared to 1.3% for new stores added by chains. 

The growing demand for fresh food offerings and convenience shopping has also bolstered the competitive position of the convenience store industry as compared to other retail formats. We believe trends, coupled with an increasing reliance on technology by convenience store owners may present opportunities for distributors to provide additional higher margin services to resource constrained convenience store owners in the coming years.  

Given these considerations, our focus in the medium to long term will largely be focused on capitalizing on these emerging trends. In particular, our strategy will focus on three key areas: 1) offering an industry leading foodservice and merchandising platform, 2) the continued development of new and innovative technology applications which allow our customers to better manage growth and profitability and 3) expanding our geographic footprint via acquisitions and the roll-up of smaller distributors.  

Business Update Retail Segment 

The demand for natural and fresh products has become mainstream which has attracted a wide range of new competition. Both regional and national health food stores such as Whole Foods Market, Trader Joe s, Sprouts Farmers Market, Natural Grocers, Vitamin Shoppe, General Nutrition Centers ( GNC ), Lucky s Market, and Fresh Thyme Farmers Market have expanded aggressively in recent years. In addition, conventional retail stores (grocery stores, mass merchants etc.) have greatly expanded their natural product offerings. At the same time, the operating environment for retailers who maintain a physical footprint has intensified as consumers migrate to digital and web-based shopping formats. 

Despite these factors, we believe the wellness sector presents a compelling long term growth opportunity. In an effort to better position our stores within the current operating environment, we have undertaken a number of initiatives to drive future growth.  

These initiatives are centered around four functional areas including: 1) adding new stores which offer modern design themes and technology enabled convenience shopping attributes, 2) reimaging select stores within our portfolio, 3) implementation of a comprehensive program to optimize our merchandising strategy, and 4) introduction of a branding reimaging process and enhanced marketing program.    

In connection with this strategic plan, during our fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 we opened a new flagship store in our Florida market which replaced our prior flagship store which was closed upon the expiration of its lease.   

Forward looking, we believe that for many products (i.e. supplements, herbal remedies) health food and wellness retailing remains a high touch business requiring a certain degree of consultative engagement. Carrying a highly differentiated product mix that is more difficult to copy has been the hallmark of our business. As consumers continue to push for more improved labeling and traceability certifications, we plan to focus on higher margin growth categories such as  natural personal care products  to differentiate our stores and drive sales in the coming years. 

19 

Table of Contents  

Results of Operations 

The following table sets forth an analysis of various components of the Company s Statement of Operations as a percentage of sales for fiscal years 2016 and 2015: 

(2) 

Amounts calculated based on actual changes in the Consolidated Financial Statements.     

20 

Table of Contents  

SALES 

Changes in sales are driven by two primary components: 

(i) 

changes to selling prices, which are largely controlled by our product suppliers, and excise taxes imposed on cigarettes and tobacco products by various states; and     

(ii) 

changes in the volume of products sold to our customers, either due to a change in purchasing patterns resulting from consumer preferences or the fluctuation in the comparable number of business days in our reporting period.     

SALES Fiscal 2016 vs. Fiscal 2015 

Sales in our Wholesale Segment increased $16.7 million from fiscal 2015 to fiscal 2016. Significant items impacting sales during fiscal 2016 included a $26.2 million increase in sales related to price increases implemented by cigarette manufacturers and a $6.9 million increase in sales related to higher sales in our tobacco, beverage, snacks, candy, grocery, health   beauty products, automotive, foodservice, and store supplies categories ( Other Products ). These increases were partially offset by a $16.4 million decrease in sales related to the volume and mix of cigarette cartons sold. 

Sales in our Retail Segment decreased $3.9 million from fiscal 2015 to fiscal 2016. Of this change, approximately $2.1 million related to the impact of closing one of our Florida market stores as it was relocated, and $1.8 million related to lower sales in our remaining stores which have experienced increased competition. 

GROSS PROFIT Fiscal 2016 vs. Fiscal 2015 

Our gross profit does not include fulfillment costs and costs related to the distribution network which are included in selling, general and administrative costs, and may not be comparable to those of other entities. Some entities may classify such costs as a component of cost of sales. Cost of sales, a component used in determining gross profit, for the wholesale and retail segments includes the cost of products purchased from manufacturers, less incentives we receive which are netted against such costs. 

Gross profit in our Wholesale Segment decreased $0.5 million from fiscal 2015 to fiscal 2016. This change was primarily related to lower cigarette carton sales volume, partially offset by higher sales in our Other Products category.  

Gross profit in our Retail Segment decreased $1.4 million from fiscal 2015 to fiscal 2016. Of this change, $0.7 million related to the temporary impact of closing one of our Florida market stores as it was relocated, and $0.7 million related to lower sales volume in our remaining stores. 

OPERATING EXPENSE Fiscal 2016 vs. Fiscal 2015 

Operating expense includes selling, general and administrative expenses and depreciation and amortization. Selling, general, and administrative expenses include costs related to our sales, warehouse, delivery and administrative departments for all segments. Specifically, purchasing and receiving costs, warehousing costs and costs of picking and loading customer orders are all classified as selling, general and administrative expenses. Our most significant expenses related to employee and facility costs, equipment leases, transportation costs, fuel costs, insurance, and professional fees. 

Consolidated operating expenses for fiscal 2016 decreased $1.1 million as compared to 2015. Significant items impacting fiscal 2016 operating expenses included a $1.0 million decrease in wholesale delivery costs and a $0.7 million decrease in our retail operating expenses. These decreases were partially offset by a $0.6 million increase in other operating costs including health insurance, employee benefits, and compensation. 

21 

Table of Contents  

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The Company s variability in cash flows from operating activities is dependent on the timing of inventory purchases and seasonal fluctuations. For example, periodically we have inventory  buy in  opportunities which offer more favorable pricing terms. As a result, we may have to hold inventory for a period longer than the payment terms. This generates a cash outflow from operating activities which we expect to reverse in later periods. Additionally, during the warm weather months which is our peak time of operations, we generally carry higher amounts of inventory to ensure high fill rates and customer satisfaction. 

In general, the Company finances its operations through a credit agreement (the  Facility ) with Bank of America acting as the senior agent and with BMO Harris Bank participating in the loan syndication. The Facility included the following significant terms at September 2016: 

A July 2018 maturity date without a penalty for prepayment.     

$70.0 million revolving credit limit.     

Loan accordion allowing the Company to increase the size of the credit facility agreement by $25.0 million.     

A provision providing an additional $10.0 million of credit advances for certain inventory purchases.     

Evergreen renewal clause automatically renewing the agreement for one year unless either the borrower or lender provides written notice terminating the agreement at least 90 days prior to the end of any original or renewal term of the agreement.     

The Facility bears interest at either the bank s prime rate, or at LIBOR plus 125   175 basis points depending on certain credit facility utilization measures, at the election of the Company.     

Lending limits subject to accounts receivable and inventory limitations.     

An unused commitment fee equal to one quarter of one percent (  1  /  4  %) per annum on the difference between the maximum loan limit and average monthly borrowings.     

Secured by collateral including all of the Company s equipment, intangibles, inventories, and accounts receivable.     

A financial covenant requiring a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 1.0 as measured by the previous twelve month period then ended only if excess availability falls below 10% of the maximum loan limit as defined in the credit agreement. The Company s availability has not fallen below 10% of the maximum loan limit and the Company s fixed charge coverage ratio is over 1.0.     

Provides that the Company may not pay dividends on its common stock in excess of $1.00 per share on an annual basis. There is, however, no limit on common stock dividends if certain excess availability measurements have been maintained for the thirty day period immediately prior to the payment of any such dividends or distributions and if immediately after giving effect to any such dividend or distribution payments the Company has a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 1.10 to 1.0 as defined in the credit facility agreement.     

The amount available for use on the Facility at any given time is subject to a number of factors including eligible accounts receivable and inventory balances that fluctuate day to day. Based on our collateral and loan limits as defined in the Facility agreement, the credit limit of the Facility at September 2016 was $69.6 million, of which $10.5 million was outstanding, leaving $59.1 million available. 

22 

Table of Contents  

At September 2016, the revolving portion of the Company s Facility balance bore interest based on the bank s prime rate and various short term LIBOR rate elections made by the Company. The average interest rate was 1.99% at September 2016. 

During fiscal 2016, our peak borrowings under the Facility were $40.1 million and our average borrowings and average availability was $20.6 million and $47.0 million, respectively. Our availability to borrow under the Facility generally decreases as inventory and accounts receivable levels increase because of the borrowing limitations that are placed on collateralized assets. 

Cross Default and Co Terminus Provisions 

The Company owns real estate in Bismarck, ND, Quincy, IL, and Rapid City, SD, which is financed through a single term loan with BMO Harris Bank (the  Real Estate Loan ) which is also a participant lender on the Company s revolving line of credit. The Real Estate Loan contains cross default provisions which cause the loan to be considered in default if the loans where BMO is a lender, including the revolving credit facility, is in default. There were no such cross defaults at September 2016. In addition, the Real Estate Loan contains co terminus provisions which require all loans with BMO to be paid in full if any of the loans are paid in full prior to the end of their specified terms. 

Other 

The Company has issued a letter of credit for $0.4 million to its workers  compensation insurance carrier as part of its self insured loss control program. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

The Company does not have any off balance sheet arrangements. 

Liquidity Risk 

The Company s liquidity position is significantly influenced by its ability to maintain sufficient levels of working capital. For our Company and industry in general, customer credit risk and ongoing access to bank credit heavily influence liquidity positions. 

The Company does not currently hedge its exposure to interest rate risk or fuel costs. Accordingly, significant price movements in these areas can and do impact the Company s profitability. 

While the Company believes its liquidity position going forward will be adequate to sustain operations, a precipitous change in operating environment could materially impact the Company s future revenue stream as well as its ability to collect on customer accounts receivable or secure bank credit. 

OTHER MATTERS Critical Accounting Estimates 

GENERAL 

The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, which require the Company to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net revenue and expenses, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The Company believes that the accounting estimates employed and the resulting balances are reasonable; however, actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

23 

Table of Contents  

The Company believes the following critical accounting policies reflect the significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. Our critical accounting estimates are set forth below and have not changed during fiscal 2016. 

ALLOWANCE FOR DOUBTFUL ACCOUNTS 

NATURE OF ESTIMATES REQUIRED.    The allowance for doubtful accounts represents our estimate of uncollectible accounts receivable at the balance sheet date. We monitor our credit exposure on a daily basis and regularly assess the adequacy of our allowance for doubtful accounts. Because credit losses can vary significantly over time, estimating the required allowance requires a number of assumptions that are uncertain. 

ASSUMPTIONS AND APPROACH USED.    We estimate our required allowance for doubtful accounts using the following key assumptions. 

Historical collections Represented as the amount of historical uncollectible accounts as a percent of total accounts receivable.     

Specific credit exposure on certain accounts Identified based on management s review of the accounts receivable portfolio and taking into account the financial wherewithal of particular customers that management deems to have a higher risk of collection.     

Market conditions We consider a broad range of industry trends and macro economic issues which may impact the creditworthiness of our customers.     

INVENTORIES 

NATURE OF ESTIMATES REQUIRED.    In our businesses, we carry large quantities and dollar amounts of inventory. Inventories primarily consist of finished products purchased in bulk quantities to be sold to our customers. Given the large quantities and broad range of products we carry, there is a risk that inventory may become impaired because it has become unsaleable or unrefundable, slow moving, obsolete, or because it has been discontinued. The use of estimates is required in determining the salvage value of this inventory. 

ASSUMPTIONS AND APPROACH USED.    We estimate our inventory obsolescence reserve at each balance sheet date based on the following criteria: 

Slow moving products Items identified as slow moving are evaluated on a case by case basis for impairment.     

Obsolete/discontinued inventory Products identified that are near or beyond their expiration dates. We may also discontinue carrying certain product lines for our customers. As a result, we estimate the market value of this inventory as if it were to be liquidated.     

Estimated salvage value/sales price The salvage value of the inventory is estimated using management s evaluation of the congestion in the distribution channels and experience with brokers and inventory liquidators to determine the salvage value of the inventory.     

DEPRECIATION, AMORTIZATION AND IMPAIRMENT OF LONG LIVED ASSETS, INCLUDING GOODWILL 

Long lived assets consist primarily of property and equipment, intangible assets, and goodwill acquired in business combinations. Property and equipment and amortizable identified intangible assets are assigned useful lives ranging from 2 to 40 years. Indefinite lived intangible assets and goodwill are not amortized. Impairment of the Company s long lived assets is assessed during the Company s fourth fiscal quarter using both qualitative and quantitative analysis, or whenever events or circumstances change that indicate the carrying value of such long lived assets may not be recoverable. The Company recorded no impairment charges during either fiscal 2016 or fiscal 2015. 

24 

Table of Contents  

NATURE OF ESTIMATES REQUIRED.    Management has to estimate the useful lives of the Company s long lived assets. In regard to the Company s impairment analysis, the most significant assumptions include management s estimate of the annual growth rate used to project future sales and expenses. 

ASSUMPTIONS AND APPROACH USED.    For property and equipment, depreciable lives are based on our accounting policy which is intended to mirror the expected useful life of the asset. In determining the estimated useful life of amortizable intangible assets, such as customer lists, we rely on our historical experience in addition to estimates of how long certain assets will generate cash flows. If impairment indicators arise, we then evaluate the potential impairment of property and equipment and amortizable identifiable intangible assets using an undiscounted future cash flow approach.  

When evaluating the potential impairment of non amortizable indefinite lived assets and goodwill we first assess a range of qualitative factors, including but not limited to, macroeconomic conditions, industry conditions, the competitive environment, changes in the market for the Company s products and services, regulatory and political developments, entity specific factors such as strategy and changes in key personnel, and the overall financial performance for each of the Company s reporting units. If after completing this assessment, it is determined that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we proceed to a two step impairment testing methodology using the income approach (discounted cash flow method). 

A discounted cash flow methodology requires estimation in (i) forecasting future earnings (ii) determining the discount rate applicable to the earnings stream being discounted, and (iii) computing a terminal value at some point in the future. The forecast of future earnings is an estimate of future financial performance based on current year results and management s evaluation of the market potential for growth. The discount rate is a weighted average cost of capital using a targeted debt to equity ratio using the industry average under the assumption that it represents our optimal capital structure and can be achieved in a reasonable time period. The terminal value is determined using a commonly accepted growth model. 

INSURANCE 

The Company s insurance for workers  compensation, general liability and employee related health care benefits are provided through high deductible or self insured programs. As a result, the Company accrues for its workers  compensation liability based upon claim reserves established with the assistance of a third party administrator, which are then trended and developed. The reserves are evaluated at the end of each reporting period. Due to the uncertainty involved with the realization of claims incurred but unreported, management is required to make estimates of these claims. 

ASSUMPTIONS AND APPROACH USED.    In order to estimate our reserve for incurred but unreported claims we consider the following key factors: 

Employee Health Insurance Claims 

Historical claims experience We review loss runs for each month to calculate the average monthly claims experience.     

Lag period for reporting claims Based on our analysis, our experience is such that we have a minimum of a one month lag period in which claims are reported.     

Workers  Compensation Insurance Claims 

Historical claims experience We review prior years  loss runs to estimate the average annual expected claims and review monthly loss runs to compare our estimates to actual claims.     

Lag period for reporting claims We review claims trends and use standard insurance industry loss models to develop reserves on reported claims in order to estimate the amount of incurred but unreported claims.     

25 

Table of Contents  

INCOME TAXES 

The Company accounts for its income taxes by recording taxes payable or refundable for the current year and deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns. These expected future tax consequences are measured based on provisions of tax law as currently enacted; the effects of future changes in tax laws are not anticipated. Future tax law changes, such as a change in the corporate tax rate, could have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. 

On a periodic basis, we assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income and establish a related valuation allowance as appropriate. In performing our evaluation, we consider all available evidence, both positive and negative, to determine whether, based on the weight of the evidence, a valuation allowance is needed. Evidence used includes information about our current financial position and our results of operations for the current and preceding years, as well as all currently available information about future years, including our anticipated future performance, the reversal of deferred tax liabilities and tax planning strategies. When appropriate, we record a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets to offset future tax benefits that may not be realized. 

ASSUMPTIONS AND APPROACH USED.    In determining whether a valuation allowance is appropriate, we consider whether it is more likely than not that all or some portion of our deferred tax assets will not be realized, based in part upon management s judgments regarding future events. 

In making that estimate we consider the following key factors: 

our current financial position;     

historical financial information;     

future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences;     

future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards;     

taxable income in prior carryback years; and     

tax planning strategies.     

REVENUE RECOGNITION 

We recognize revenue in our Wholesale Segment when products are delivered to customers (which generally is the same day products are shipped) and in our retail health food segment when products are sold to consumers. Sales are shown net of returns, discounts, and sales incentives to customers. 

NATURE OF ESTIMATES REQUIRED.    We estimate and reserve for anticipated sales discounts. We also estimate and provide a reserve for anticipated sales incentives to customers when earned under established program requirements. 

ASSUMPTIONS AND APPROACH USED.    We estimate the sales reserves using the following criteria: 

Sales discounts We use historical experience to estimate the amount of accounts receivable that will not be collected due to customers taking advantage of authorized term discounts.     

Volume sales incentives We use historical experience in combination with quarterly reviews of customers  sales progress in order to estimate the amount of volume incentives due to the customers on a periodic basis.     

Our estimates and assumptions for each of the aforementioned critical accounting estimates have not changed materially during the periods presented, nor are we aware of any reasons that they would be reasonably likely to change in the future. 

26 

Table of Contents  

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 

The Company is currently evaluating the following new accounting pronouncements and their potential impact, if any, on our consolidated financial statements: 

In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) ASU No. 2016-15,  Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  ( ASU 2016-15 ). ASU 2016-15 provides guidance regarding the classification of certain items within the statements of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017 with early adoption permitted.  

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation - Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  ( ASU 2016-09 ). ASU 2016-09 simplifies several aspects of how companies account for share-based compensation, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in the statements of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 with early adoption permitted.  

In February 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02 "Leases  ("ASU 2016-02"). ASU 2016-02 requires the recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities by lessees for all leases greater than one year in duration and classified as operating leases under previous GAAP. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and for interim periods within that fiscal year. 

In November 2015, FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17 "Income Taxes: Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes  ("ASU 2015-17"). ASU 2015-17 eliminates the requirement to bifurcate deferred taxes between current and non-current on the balance sheet and requires that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. ASU 2015-17 is effective for public entities in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and for interim periods within those fiscal years. The amendments for ASU 2015-17 can be applied retrospectively or prospectively with early adoption permitted. 

In July 2015, FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11, "Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory" ("ASU 2015-11"). ASU 2015-11 requires an entity to measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. Subsequent measurement is unchanged for inventory measured using last-in, first-out ( LIFO ) or the retail inventory method. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. The amendments should be applied prospectively with earlier application permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period.  

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers." This ASU supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in "Accounting Standard Codification 605 - Revenue Recognition" and most industry-specific guidance. The standard requires that entities recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which a company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and for interim periods within that fiscal year.  

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10 K, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and other sections, contains forward looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties and which reflect management s current beliefs and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. Forward looking statements include information concerning the possible or assumed future results of operations of the Company and those statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words  future,   position,   anticipate(s),   expect,   believe(s),   see,   plan,   further improve,   outlook,   should  or similar expressions. For these statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward  looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or results. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. 

27 

Table of Contents  

You should understand that the following important factors, in addition to those discussed elsewhere in this document, could affect the future results of the Company and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in our forward looking statements: 

increasing competition in our wholesale and retail health food businesses and any associated impact on the carrying value of intangible assets within those businesses,     

increases in state and federal excise taxes on cigarette and tobacco products,     

higher commodity prices which could impact food ingredient costs for many of the products we sell,     

regulation of cigarette, tobacco, and e-cigarette products by the FDA, in addition to existing state and federal regulations by other agencies,     

potential bans or restrictions imposed by the FDA on the manufacture, distribution, and sale of certain cigarette and tobacco products,     

changes in fuel prices,     

increases in manufacturer prices,     

increases in inventory carrying costs and customer credit risk,     

changes in promotional and incentive programs offered by manufacturers,     

demand for the Company s products, particularly cigarette and tobacco products,     

risks associated with opening new retail stores,     

the expansion of large and well capitalized national and regional health food retail store chains,     

increasing competition in our retail health food segment from conventional retailers (grocery stores, mass merchants etc.),     

management periodically reviews market conditions and the demand for various assets that may lead to acquisitions, divestitures, new business ventures, or efforts to expand, each which carries integration and execution risk,     

increasing health care costs and the potential impact on discretionary consumer spending,     

changes in laws and regulations and ongoing compliance with the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act,     

decreased availability of capital resources,     

domestic regulatory and legislative risks,     

poor weather conditions,     

consolidation trends within the convenience store, wholesale distribution, and retail health food industries,     

natural disasters and domestic or political unrest,     

other risks over which the Company has little or no control, and any other factors not identified herein     

28 

Table of Contents  

Changes in these factors could result in significantly different results. Consequently, future results may differ from management s expectations. Moreover, past financial performance should not be considered a reliable indicator of future performance. Any forward looking statement contained herein is made as of the date of this document. Except as required by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or correct any of these forward  looking statements in the future to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of material events or changes in future operating results, financial conditions or business over time. 

ITEM 7A.    QUANTITATIVE   AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable. 

29 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 8.    FINANCIAL   STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

30 

Table of Contents  

REPOR  T OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors 

AMCON Distributing Company 

Omaha, Nebraska 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of AMCON Distributing Company and subsidiaries as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders  equity and cash flows for the years then ended. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall consolidated financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of AMCON Distributing Company and subsidiaries as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Omaha, Nebraska 

November 8, 2016 

31 

Table of Contents  

AMCON Distributing Company and Subsidiaries 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET  S 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

32 

Table of Contents  

AMCON Distributing Company and Subsidiaries 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATION  S 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

33 

Table of Contents  

AMCON Distributing Company and Subsidiaries 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS  EQUIT  Y 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

34 

Table of Contents  

AMCON Distributing Company and Subsidiaries 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW  S 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements  . 

35 

Table of Contents  

NOTES   TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES: 

(a) Company Operations: 

AMCON Distributing Company and Subsidiaries ( AMCON  and  the Company ) is primarily engaged in the wholesale distribution of consumer products in the Central, Rocky Mountain, and Southern regions of the United States. 

AMCON s wholesale distribution business includes six distribution centers that sell approximately 16,000 different consumer products, including cigarettes and tobacco products, candy and other confectionery, beverages, groceries, paper products, health and beauty care products, frozen and chilled products and institutional foodservice products. The Company distributes products primarily to retailers such as convenience stores, discount and general merchandise stores, grocery stores, drug stores, and gas stations. In addition, the Company services institutional customers, including restaurants and bars, schools, sports complexes, as well as other wholesalers. 

AMCON also operates six retail health food stores in Florida under the name Chamberlin s Market   Caf  ( Chamberlin s ) and ten in the Midwest under the name Akin s Natural Foods Market ( Akin s ). These stores carry natural supplements, groceries, health and beauty care products, and other food items. 

The Company s operations are subject to a number of factors which are beyond the control of management, such as changes in manufacturers  cigarette pricing, state excise tax increases, or the opening of competing retail stores in close proximity to the Company s retail stores. While the Company sells a diversified product line, it remains dependent upon the sale of cigarettes which accounted for approximately 72% of our consolidated revenue and 22% of our consolidated gross profit during fiscal 2016 and 72% of our consolidated revenue and 24% of our consolidated gross profit during fiscal 2015. 

(b) Accounting Period: 

The Company s fiscal year ends on September 30 and the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 have been included herein. 

(c) Principles of Consolidation and Basis of Presentation: 

The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of AMCON and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. 

(d) Cash and Accounts Payable: 

AMCON utilizes a cash management system under which an overdraft is the normal book balance in the primary disbursing accounts. Overdrafts included in accounts payable at fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 totaled approximately $2.6 million and $1.1 million, respectively, and reflect checks drawn on the disbursing accounts that have been issued but have not yet cleared through the banking system. The Company s policy has been to fund these outstanding checks as they clear with borrowings under its revolving credit facility (see Note 6). These outstanding checks (book overdrafts) are classified as cash flows from operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 

(e) Accounts Receivable: 

Accounts receivable consist primarily of amounts due to the Company from its normal business activities. An allowance for doubtful accounts is maintained to reflect the expected uncollectibility of accounts receivable based on past collection history, evaluation of economic conditions as they may impact our customers, and specific risks identified in the portfolio. The Company determines the past due status of trade receivables based on our terms with each customer. Account balances are charged off against the allowance for doubtful accounts when collection efforts have been exhausted and the account receivable is deemed worthless. Any subsequent recoveries of charged off account balances are recorded as income in the period received. 

36 

Table of Contents  

(f) Inventories: 

At September 2016 and September 2015, inventories consisted of finished goods and are stated at the lower of cost (determined on a FIFO basis for our wholesale segment and using the retail method for our retail segment) or market. The wholesale distribution and retail health food segment inventories consist of finished products purchased in bulk quantities to be redistributed to the Company s customers or sold at retail. Finished goods included total reserves of approximately $0.9 million at both September 2016 and September 2015, respectively. These reserves include the Company s obsolescence allowance, which reflects estimated unsaleable or non refundable inventory based upon an evaluation of slow moving and discontinued products. 

(g) Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets: 

A summary of prepaid expenses and other current assets is as follows (in millions): 

Prepaid inventory represents inventory in-transit that has been paid for but not received. 

(h) Property and Equipment: 

Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation or amortization. Major renewals and improvements are capitalized and charged to expense over their useful lives through depreciation or amortization charges. Repairs and maintenance are charged to expense in the period incurred. The straight-line method of depreciation is used to depreciate assets over the estimated useful lives as follows: 

Years  

Buildings  

40  

Warehouse equipment  

5

-  

7  

Furniture, fixtures and leasehold improvements  

2

-  

12  

Vehicles  

5  

Costs and accumulated depreciation applicable to assets retired or sold are eliminated from the accounts, and the resulting gains or losses are reported as a component of operating income. 

The Company reviews property and equipment for indicators of impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Cash flows expected to be generated by the asset group are estimated over the asset s useful life of the primary asset and based on updated projections on an undiscounted basis. If the evaluation indicates that the carrying value of the asset group may not be recoverable, the potential impairment is determined based on the amount by which the carrying value of the asset group exceeds the fair value of the asset group. 

(i) Goodwill and Intangible Assets: 

Our goodwill consists of the excess purchase price paid in business combinations over the fair value of assets acquired. Our intangible assets consist of trademarks, tradenames, customer relationships, and the value of non competition agreements acquired as part of acquisitions. Goodwill, trademarks, and tradenames are considered to have indefinite lives. 

Goodwill and intangible assets having indefinite useful lives are not amortized into the results of operations, but instead are reviewed annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the assets might be impaired, to assess whether their fair value exceeds their carrying value. The Company performs its annual goodwill and intangible asset impairment assessment during the fourth fiscal quarter of each year. 

37 

Table of Contents  

When evaluating the potential impairment of non amortizable indefinite lived assets and goodwill we first assess a range of qualitative factors, including but not limited to, macroeconomic conditions, industry conditions, the competitive environment, changes in the market for the Company s products and services, regulatory and political developments, entity specific factors such as strategy and changes in key personnel, and the overall financial performance for each of the Company s reporting units. In addition, the Company supplemented its Fiscal 2016 qualitative analysis with a quantitative analysis. If after completing this assessment, it is determined that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we then proceed to a two step impairment testing methodology using the income approach (discounted cash flow method) as discussed below. 

In the first step of the two step testing methodology, we compare the carrying value of the reporting unit, including goodwill, with its fair value, as determined by its estimated discounted cash flows. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, we then complete the second step of the impairment test to determine the amount of impairment to be recognized. In the second step, we estimate an implied fair value of the reporting unit s goodwill by allocating the fair value of the reporting unit to all of the assets and liabilities other than goodwill (including any unrecognized intangible assets). If the carrying value of a reporting unit s goodwill exceeds its implied fair value, the Company records an impairment loss equal to the difference in that period. 

We arrive at our estimates of fair value using a discounted cash flow methodology which includes estimates of future cash flows to be generated by particular assets, as well as selecting a discount rate to measure the present value of those anticipated cash flows. Estimating future cash flows requires significant judgment and includes making assumptions such as but not limited to projected sales growth rates, gross profit estimates, macroeconomic conditions, industry conditions, the competitive environment, changes in the market for the Company s products and services, regulatory and political developments, entity specific factors such as strategy and changes in key personnel, working capital requirements, weighted average cost of capital, and current and anticipated operating conditions. The use of different assumptions or estimates for future cash flows could produce different results. 

Identifiable intangible assets with finite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives and are assessed for impairment whenever events or circumstances change which may indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. Identifiable intangible assets that are subject to amortization are evaluated for impairment using a process similar to that used in evaluating the elements of property and equipment. If impaired, the related assets are written down to their estimated fair value. 

No impairments of goodwill, indefinite lived assets, or identifiable intangible assets with finite lives were recorded during either fiscal 2016 or fiscal 2015. 

(j) Revenue Recognition: 

AMCON recognizes revenue when title passes to our customers. In our Wholesale Segment, this occurs when products are delivered to customers (which generally is the same day products are shipped) and in our retail health food segment when products are sold to consumers. Sales are shown net of returns, discounts, and sales incentives to customers. 

(k) Insurance: 

The Company s workers  compensation, general liability, and employee related health care benefits are provided through high deductible or self  insurance programs. As a result, the Company accrues for its workers  compensation and general liability based upon a claim reserve analysis. The Company has issued a letter of credit in the amount of $0.4 million to its workers  compensation insurance carrier as part of its loss control program. The reserve for incurred, but not reported, employee health care benefits is calculated using the Company s historical claims experience rate, plus specific reserves for large claims. The reserves associated with the exposure to these liabilities are reviewed by management for adequacy at the end of each reporting period. 

38 

Table of Contents  

(l) Income Taxes: 

The Company uses the asset and liability method to calculate deferred income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized on temporary differences between financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates. The effect of tax rate changes on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income during the period that includes the enactment date. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when we do not consider it more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. 

(m) Share-Based Compensation: 

The Company recognizes expense for its share based compensation based on the fair value of the awards that are granted. The fair value of the stock options is estimated at the date of grant using the Black Scholes option pricing model. Option pricing methods require the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the expected stock price volatility. The fair value of restricted stock units is based on the Company s period ending closing price. Measured compensation cost is recognized ratably over the vesting period of the related share based compensation award and is reflected in our Consolidated Statement of Operations under  selling, general and administrative expenses.  

(n) Customer Sales Incentives: 

The Company provides sales rebates or discounts to our wholesale customers. These incentives are recorded as a reduction of sales revenue as earned by the customer. 

(o) Per-share results: 

Basic earnings or loss per share data are based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during each period. Diluted earnings or loss per share data are based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and the effect of all dilutive potential common shares including stock options and conversion features of the Company s preferred stock issuances. 

(p) Use of Estimates: 

The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

(q) Fair Value Measurements: 

The Company s financial assets and liabilities are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring basis. The carrying amount of trade accounts receivable, other receivables, trade accounts payable, accounts payable and other accrued liabilities approximates fair value because of the short maturity of these financial instruments. The carrying amount of the Company s variable rate debt also approximates fair value. 

(r) Recent Accounting Pronouncements: 

The Company is currently evaluating the following new accounting pronouncements and their potential impact, if any, on our consolidated financial statements: 

In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) ASU No. 2016-15,  Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  ( ASU 2016-15 ). ASU 2016-15 provides guidance regarding the classification of certain items within the statements of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017 with early adoption permitted.  

39 

Table of Contents  

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation - Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  ( ASU 2016-09 ). ASU 2016-09 simplifies several aspects of how companies account for share-based compensation, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in the statements of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 with early adoption permitted.  

In February 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02 "Leases  ("ASU 2016-02"). ASU 2016-02 requires the recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities by lessees for all leases greater than one year in duration and classified as operating leases under previous GAAP. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and for interim periods within that fiscal year. 

In November 2015, FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17 "Income Taxes: Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes  ("ASU 2015-17"). ASU 2015-17 eliminates the requirement to bifurcate deferred taxes between current and non-current on the balance sheet and requires that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. ASU 2015-17 is effective for public entities in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and for interim periods within those fiscal years. The amendments for ASU 2015-17 can be applied retrospectively or prospectively with early adoption permitted. 

In July 2015, FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11, "Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory" ("ASU 2015-11"). ASU 2015-11 requires an entity to measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. Subsequent measurement is unchanged for inventory measured using last-in, first-out ( LIFO ) or the retail inventory method. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. The amendments should be applied prospectively with earlier application permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period.  

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers." This ASU supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in "Accounting Standard Codification 605 - Revenue Recognition" and most industry-specific guidance. The standard requires that entities recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which a company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and for interim periods within that fiscal year.  

2. CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK: 

During fiscal 2016, the holders of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock ( Series A ) and Series B Convertible Preferred Stock ( Series B ), (collectively, the  Preferred Stock ) converted all of their holdings into a total of 98,707 common shares of the Company pursuant to the terms provided in the Preferred Stock agreements. At September 2015, 100,000 shares of Series A and 16,000 shares of Series B were outstanding as set forth in the following table:  

Mr. Christopher Atayan, AMCON s Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, owned all of the outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock and 8,000 shares of the Series B Preferred Stock. The Company paid cash dividends   

40 

Table of Contents  

of approximately $0.1 million and $0.2 million during fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, respectively, to Mr. Atayan related to his ownership of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and Series B convertible Preferred Stock. 

3. EARNINGS PER SHARE: 

Basic earnings per share available to common shareholders is calculated by dividing net income less preferred stock dividend requirements by the weighted average common shares outstanding for each period. Diluted earnings per share available to common shareholders is calculated by dividing income from operations less preferred stock dividend requirements (when anti dilutive) by the sum of the weighted average common shares outstanding and the weighted average dilutive options, using the treasury stock method. 

Shares of common stock underlying outstanding stock options and restricted stock unit awards at September 2016 and September 2015 which were anti dilutive were not included in the computations of diluted earnings per share. There were no anti-dilutive awards at September 2016 and 2015. 

(1) 

Diluted earnings per share calculation includes all stock options, convertible preferred stock, and restricted stock units deemed to be dilutive. See Note 2 regarding the conversion of the convertible preferred stock during fiscal 2016.     

(2) 

Diluted earnings per share calculation excludes dividend payments for convertible preferred stock deemed to be dilutive, as those amounts are assumed to have been converted to common stock of the Company.     

41 

Table of Contents  

4. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET: 

Property and equipment at September 2016 and September 2015 consisted of the following: 

5. GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS: 

Goodwill by reporting segment at September 2016 and September 2015 was as follows: 

Other intangible assets at fiscal year ends 2016 and 2015 consisted of the following: 

Goodwill, trademarks and tradenames are considered to have indefinite useful lives and therefore no amortization has been taken on these assets. At September 2016 and September 2015, identifiable intangible assets considered to have finite lives were represented by customer relationships and the value of a non competition agreement acquired as part of previous acquisitions. The customer relationships are being amortized over eight years and the value of the non competition agreement is being amortized over five years. These intangible assets are evaluated for accelerated attrition or amortization adjustments if warranted. Amortization expense related to these assets totaled $0.3 million and $0.4 million during fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, respectively. 

Estimated future amortization expense related to identifiable intangible assets with finite lives is as follows at September 2016: 

42 

Table of Contents  

6. DEBT: 

The Company primarily finances its operations through a credit facility agreement (the  Facility ) and long-term debt agreements with banks. The Facility is provided through Bank of America acting as the senior agent and with BMO Harris Bank participating in a loan syndication. 

CREDIT FACILITY 

The Facility included the following significant terms at September 2016: 

A July 2018 maturity date without a penalty for prepayment.     

$70.0 million revolving credit limit.     

Loan accordion allowing the Company to increase the size of the credit facility agreement by $25.0 million.     

A provision providing an additional $10.0 million of credit advances for certain inventory purchases.     

Evergreen renewal clause automatically renewing the agreement for one year unless either the borrower or lender provides written notice terminating the agreement at least 90 days prior to the end of any original or renewal term of the agreement.     

The Facility bears interest at either the bank s prime rate, or at LIBOR plus 125   175 basis points depending on certain credit facility utilization measures, at the election of the Company.     

Lending limits subject to accounts receivable and inventory limitations.     

An unused commitment fee equal to one quarter of one percent (  1  /  4  %) per annum on the difference between the maximum loan limit and average monthly borrowings.     

Secured by collateral including all of the Company s equipment, intangibles, inventories, and accounts receivable.     

A financial covenant requiring a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 1.0 as measured by the previous twelve month period then ended only if excess availability falls below 10% of the maximum loan limit as defined in the credit agreement. The Company s availability has not fallen below 10% of the maximum loan limit and the Company s fixed charge coverage ratio is over 1.0.      

Provides that the Company may not pay dividends on its common stock in excess of $1.00 per share on an annual basis. There is, however, no limit on common stock dividends if certain excess availability measurements have been maintained for the thirty day period immediately prior to the payment of any such dividends or distributions and if immediately after giving effect to any such dividend or distribution payments the Company has a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 1.10 to 1.0 as defined in the credit facility agreement.     

During fiscal 2016, total borrowings and payments on the Facility were approximately $1.3 billion and $1.3 billion, respectively, resulting in net payments of $10.4 million. Total borrowings and repayment on the Facility during fiscal 2015 were approximately $1.3 billion and $1.3 billion, respectively, resulting in net advances of $5.8 million. 

43 

Table of Contents  

LONG-TERM DEBT 

In addition to the Facility, the Company also had the following long term obligations at fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015. 

The aggregate minimum principal maturities of the long term debt for each of the next five fiscal years are as follows: 

Market rate risk for fixed rate debt is estimated as the potential increase in fair value of debt obligations resulting from decreases in interest rates. Based on the borrowing rates currently available to the Company for bank loans with similar terms and average maturities, the fair value of the Company s long term debt approximated its carrying value at September 2016. 

Cross Default and Co Terminus Provisions 

The Company owns real estate in Bismarck, ND, Quincy, IL, and Rapid City, SD, which is financed through a single term loan with BMO Harris Bank (the  Real Estate Loan ) which is also a participant lender on the Company s revolving line of credit. The Real Estate Loan contains cross default provisions which cause the loan to be considered in default if the loans where BMO is a lender, including the revolving credit facility, is in default. There were no such cross defaults at September 2016. In addition, the Real Estate Loan contains co terminus provisions which require all loans with BMO to be paid in full if any of the loans are paid in full prior to the end of their specified terms. 

Other 

AMCON has issued a letter of credit in the amount of approximately $0.4 million to its workers  compensation insurance carrier as part of its self insured loss control program  . 

44 

Table of Contents  

7. INCOME TAXES: 

The components of income tax expense from operations for fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 consisted of the following: 

The difference between the Company s income tax expense in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and that which would be calculated using the statutory income tax rate of 35% for both fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 on income before income taxes is as follows: 

45 

Table of Contents  

Temporary differences between the financial statement carrying balances and tax basis of assets and liabilities giving rise to the net deferred tax asset (liabilities) at fiscal year ends 2016 and 2015 relate to the following: 

At September 2016, the Company had a $0.2 million noncurrent deferred tax asset related to federal net operating loss carryforwards. These federal net operating loss carryforwards totaled approximately $0.7 million and were primarily attributable to the Company s fiscal 2002 purchase of Hawaiian Natural Water Company, Inc. ( HNWC ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The utilization of HNWC s net operating losses is limited by Internal Revenue Code Section 382 to approximately $0.1 million per year through 2022. 

At September 2016, the Company had a valuation allowance of approximately $0.6 million against certain state net operating losses, which more likely than not will not be utilized. The Company had no material unrecognized tax benefits, interest, or penalties during either fiscal 2016 or fiscal 2015, and the Company does not anticipate any such items during the next twelve months. The Company s policy is to record interest and penalties directly related to income taxes as income tax expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. and various states and the tax years 2013 and forward remain open under U.S. and state statutes. 

46 

Table of Contents  

8. PROFIT SHARING PLAN: 

The Company sponsors a profit sharing plan (i.e. a section 401(k) plan) covering substantially all employees. The plan allows employees to make voluntary contributions up to 100% of their compensation, subject to Internal Revenue Service limits. The Company matches 50% of the first 4% contributed and 100% of the next 2% contributed for a maximum match of 4% of employee compensation. The Company made matching contributions to the profit sharing plan of approximately $0.7 million (net of employee forfeitures) in both fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015. 

9. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES: 

Lease Obligations 

The Company leases various office and warehouse facilities and equipment under noncancellable operating leases. Rents charged to expense under these operating leases totaled approximately $5.5 million in fiscal 2016 and $5.3 million in fiscal 2015. 

At September 2016 the minimum future lease commitments were as follows: 

Liability Insurance 

The Company carries property, general liability, vehicle liability, directors and officers  liability and workers  compensation insurance. Additionally, the Company carries an umbrella liability policy to provide excess coverage over the underlying limits of the aforementioned primary policies. 

The Company s insurance programs for workers  compensation, general liability, and employee related health care benefits are provided through high deductible or self insured programs. Claims in excess of self insurance levels are fully insured subject to policy limits. Accruals are based on historical claims experience, actual claims filed, and estimates of claims incurred but not reported. 

The Company s liabilities for unpaid and incurred, but not reported claims, for workers  compensation, general liability, and health insurance at September 2016 and September 2015 was $1.3 million and $1.6 million, respectively. These amounts are included in accrued expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. While the ultimate amount of claims incurred is dependent on future developments, in the Company s opinion, recorded reserves are adequate to cover the future payment of claims previously incurred. However, it is possible that recorded reserves may not be adequate to cover the future payment of claims. 

Adjustments, if any, to claims estimates previously recorded, resulting from actual claim payments, are reflected in operations in the periods in which such adjustments are known. 

47 

Table of Contents  

A summary of the activity in the Company s self insured liabilities reserve is set forth below (in millions): 

10. EQUITY-BASED INCENTIVE AWARDS: 

Omnibus Plan 

The Company has two equity-based incentive plans, the 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan and 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (collectively  the Omnibus Plans ), which provide for equity incentives to employees. Each Omnibus Plan was designed with the intent of encouraging employees to acquire a vested interest in the growth and performance of the Company. The Omnibus Plans together permit the issuance of up to 225,000 shares of the Company s common stock in the form of stock options, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, performance share awards as well as awards such as stock appreciation rights, performance units, performance shares, bonus shares, and dividend share awards payable in the form of common stock or cash. The number of shares issuable under the Omnibus Plans is subject to customary adjustments in the event of stock splits, stock dividends, and certain other distributions on the Company s common stock. At September 2016, awards with respect to a total of 173,555 shares, net of forfeitures, had been awarded pursuant to the Omnibus Plans and awards with respect to another 51,445 shares may be awarded under the Omnibus Plans. 

Stock Options 

The Company issued 5,500 and 6,000 incentive stock options during fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, respectively, to various employees pursuant to the provisions of the Company s 2014 Omnibus Plan. These awards vest in equal installments over a five year service period. The awards had an estimated fair value at the grant date of approximately $0.1 million in both fiscal years using the Black Scholes option pricing model. The following assumptions were used in connection with the Black Scholes option pricing calculation as it relates to the fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 incentive stock option awards: 

The stock options issued by the Company expire ten years from the grant date and include a five year graded vesting schedule.  At September 2016, the Company had 22,800 stock options outstanding with a weighted average exercise price of $69.79 per share and 9,200 stock options which were exercisable with a weighted average price of $59.05 per share. 

48 

Table of Contents  

The following is a summary of stock option activity during fiscal 2016: 

Net income before income taxes included compensation expense related to the amortization of the Company s stock option awards of $0.1 million during both fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015. At September 2016, total unamortized compensation expense related to stock options was approximately $0.2 million. This unamortized compensation expense is expected to be amortized over approximately the next 40 months. 

The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options outstanding was approximately $0.5 million and $0.3 million at September 2016 and September 2015, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercisable was approximately $0.3 million and $0.2 million at September 2016 and September 2015, respectively. 

The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised was $0.1 million and $1.6 million in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, respectively. The total fair value of stock options vested was $0.4 million during both fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015.  

Restricted Stock Units 

At September 2016, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors had authorized and approved the following restricted stock unit awards to members of the Company s management team pursuant to the provisions of the Company s Omnibus Plans: 

(1)  10,951 restricted stock units were vested as of September 2016. 4,669 restricted stock units will vest in October 2016. The remaining 1,980 restricted stock units will vest in equal amounts in October 2016, October 2017, and October 2018. 

(2)  4,332 of the restricted stock units were vested as of September 2016. The remaining 8,668 restricted stock units will vest in equal amounts in October 2016, and October 2017.   

(3)  13,000 of the restricted stock units will vest in equal amounts in October 2016, October 2017, and October 2018. The remaining 250 restricted stock units will vest annually in October 2016 through October 2020.   

There is no direct cost to the recipients of the restricted stock units, except for any applicable taxes. The recipients of the restricted stock units are entitled to the customary adjustments in the event of stock splits, stock dividends, and certain other distributions on the Company s common stock. All cash dividends and/or distributions payable to restricted stock recipients will be held in escrow until all the conditions of vesting have been met. 

49 

Table of Contents  

The restricted stock units provide that the recipients can elect, at their option, to receive either common stock in the Company, or a cash settlement based upon the closing price of the Company s shares, at the time of vesting. Based on these award provisions, the compensation expense recorded in the Company s Statement of Operations reflects the straight line amortized fair value based on the period end closing price under the liability method. 

Net income before income taxes included compensation expense related to the amortization of the Company s restricted stock unit awards of approximately $1.3 million and $1.2 million during fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, respectively. The tax benefit related to this compensation expense was approximately $0.5 million in both fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively. The total intrinsic value of restricted stock units vested was approximately $1.3 million during both fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015. 

Total unamortized compensation expense for these awards based on the September 2016 closing price was approximately $1.3 million. This unamortized compensation expense, plus any changes in the fair value of the awards through the settlement date, are expected to be amortized over approximately the next 17 months (the weighted average period). The following summarizes restricted stock unit activity under the Omnibus Plans during fiscal 2016: 

11. BUSINESS SEGMENTS: 

AMCON has two reportable business segments: the wholesale distribution of consumer products and the retail sale of health and natural food products. The retail health food stores  operations are aggregated to comprise the Retail Segment because such operations have similar economic characteristics, as well as similar characteristics with respect to the nature of products sold, the type and class of customers for the health food products and the methods used to sell the products. Included in the  Other  column are intercompany eliminations, and assets held and charges incurred by our holding company. The segments are evaluated on revenues, gross margins, operating income (loss), and income before taxes. 

50 

Table of Contents  

12. TREASURY STOCK: 

During fiscal 2016, the Company repurchased 56,391 shares of its common stock from independent third parties for cash totaling approximately $4.8 million. All repurchased shares are recorded in treasury stock at cost. 

13. SUBSEQUENT EVENT: 

On October 25, 2016 the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors awarded long-term incentive equity awards to members of the Company s executive management team totaling 13,000 awards that include a graded vesting schedule over three years that may ultimately be settled in stock or cash. 

At the same time, the Company s Board of Directors replenished the number of shares authorized for repurchase under AMCON s existing Common Stock repurchase program. The program provides for the purchase of up to 50,000 shares of AMCON s common stock; the shares may be purchased from time to time in open market or negotiated transactions. 

51 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 9.    CHANGES   IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

NONE 

ITEM 9A.    CONTROLS   AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Rules 13a 15(b) and 15d 15(b) under the Exchange Act, an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016 was made under the supervision and with the participation of our senior management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer. Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 

Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 

Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and fraud. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management s override of the control. 

The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

52 

Table of Contents  

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a 15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and the dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that our transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with appropriate authorizations; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance and may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Further, because of changes in conditions, effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting may vary over time. 

We have completed our evaluation and testing of our internal control over financial reporting as required by Section 404 of Sarbanes Oxley and Item 308(a) of Regulation S K. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, we assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO 2013). Based on its assessment, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2016. 

This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B.    OTHER   INFORMATION 

Not applicable. 

53 

Table of Contents  

PART II  I 

ITEM 10.    DIRECTOR  S, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The Registrant s Proxy Statement to be used in connection with the December 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the  Proxy Statement ) will contain under the captions  Item 1: Election of Directors What is the structure of our board and how often are directors elected? ,  Item 1: Election of Directors Who are this year s nominees? ,  Item 1: Election of Directors What is the business experience of the nominees and of our continuing board members and the basis for the conclusion that each such person should serve on our board? ,  Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance ,  Corporate Governance and Board Matters Code of Ethics , and  Corporate Governance and Board Matters Committees of the Board Audit Committee , certain information required by Item 10 of Form 10 K and such information is incorporated herein by this reference. 

The information appearing under the caption  Executive Officers of the Registrant  in Part I of this report also is incorporated herein by reference. Our Board of Directors has adopted a code of ethical conduct that applies to our executive officers, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer. This code of ethical conduct is available without charge to any person who requests it by writing to our corporate secretary. It also is available on our internet website (www.amcon.com) by clicking on the  Corporate Governance  tab under  Investor Relations . Any substantive amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of this code that applies to our principal executive officer or principal financial officer will be disclosed on our internet website and, if required by rules of the SEC or NYSE MKT, on the reports we file with the SEC. 

ITEM 11.    EXECUTIVE   COMPENSATION 

The Registrant s Proxy Statement will contain under the captions  Executive Compensation and Related Matters  and  Corporate Governance and Board Matters Director Compensation  the information required by Item 11 of Form 10 K, and such information is incorporated herein by this reference. Rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission permit the Company to omit the disclosure contemplated by Item 407(e)(4) and (e)(5) relating to  Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation  and  Compensation Committee Report , respectively, and this annual report does not include such disclosure. 

ITEM 12.    SECURITY   OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The Registrant s Proxy Statement will contain under the captions  Ownership of Our Common Stock by Our Directors and Executive Officers and Other Principal Stockholders  and  Executive Compensation and Related Matters Equity Compensation Plan Information  the information required by Item 12 of Form 10 K and such information is incorporated herein by this reference. 

ITEM 13.    CERTAIN   RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The Registrant s Proxy Statement will contain under the captions  Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions ,  Item 1: Election of Directors What is the structure of our board and how often are directors elected?  and  Corporate Governance and Board Matters Committees of the Board , the information required by Item 13 of Form 10 K and such information is incorporated herein by this reference. 

ITEM 14.    PRINCIPAL   ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The Registrant s Proxy Statement will contain under the caption  Independent Auditor Fees and Services , the information required by Item 14 of Form 10 K and such information is incorporated herein by this reference. 

54 

Table of Contents  

PART I  V 

ITEM 15.    EXHIBIT  S, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)  Financial Statements, Financial Statement Schedules, and Exhibits 

(1)    Financial Statements 

The financial statements filed as part of this filing are listed on the index to Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8. 

(2)    Financial Statement Schedules 

Not Applicable. 

(3)    Exhibits 

55 

Table of Contents  

10.6 

Security Agreement by and between AMCON Distributing Company and Gold Bank (predecessor to BMO Harris Bank); (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 of AMCON s Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q filed on February 14, 2005)  

10.7 

Change of Control Agreement between the Company and Christopher H. Atayan, dated December 29, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 of AMCON s Annual Report on Form 10 K filed on December 29, 2006)*  

10.8 

Change of Control Agreement between the Company and Kathleen M. Evans, dated December 29, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 of AMCON s Annual Report on Form 10 K filed on December 29, 2006)*  

10.9 

Executive Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to AMCON s Annual Report on Form 10 K filed on November 7, 2008)*  

10.10 

Director Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 of AMCON s Annual Report on Form 10 K filed on November 7, 2008)  

10.11 

Form of Stock Option Award Agreement under the 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan, together with a schedule identifying individual award recipients and the related terms (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of AMCON s Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q filed on April 19, 2011)  

10.12 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan, together with a schedule identifying individual award recipients and the related terms (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of AMCON s Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q filed on April 19, 2011)  

10.13 

Amended and Restated Term Real Estate Promissory Note, dated September 30, 2016, issued by AMCON Distributing Company to BMO Harris, NA  

10.14 

2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AMCON s Current Report on Form 8 K filed with the Commission on December 22, 2014)*  

10.15 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to AMCON s Current Report on Form 8 K filed with the Commission on December 22, 2014)*  

11.1 

Statement re: computation of per share earnings (incorporated by reference to Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included as a part of this report on Form 10 K under Item 8)  

21.1 

Subsidiaries of the Company  

31.1 

Certification by Christopher H. Atayan, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act  

31.2 

Certification by Andrew C. Plummer, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act  

32.1 

Certification by Christopher H. Atayan, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, furnished pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act  

32.2 

Certification by Andrew C. Plummer, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, furnished pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act.  

101 

Interactive Data File (filed herewithin electronically).  

*        Represents management contract or compensation plan or arrangement. 

56 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURE  S 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

November 8, 2016  

AMCON DISTRIBUTING COMPANY (registrant)  

By:  

/s/ Christopher H. Atayan  

Christopher H. Atayan,  

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

November 8, 2016  

/s/ Christopher H. Atayan  

Christopher H. Atayan,  

Chief Executive Officer  

Chairman of the Board and Director  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

November 8, 2016  

/s/ Kathleen M. Evans  

Kathleen M. Evans  

President and Director  

November 8, 2016  

/s/ Andrew C. Plummer  

Andrew C. Plummer  

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

November 8, 2016  

/s/ Jeremy W. Hobbs  

Jeremy W. Hobbs  

Director  

November 8, 2016  

/s/ John R. Loyack  

John R. Loyack  

Director  

November 8, 2016  

/s/ Raymond F. Bentele  

Raymond F. Bentele  

Director  

November 8, 2016  

/s/ Stanley Mayer  

Stanley Mayer  

Director  

November 8, 2016  

/s/ Timothy R. Pestotnik  

Timothy R. Pestotnik  

Director  

57 

Table of Contents  

(This page has been left blank intentionally.) 

<EX-10.13>
 2
 dit-20160930ex1013e46e6.htm
 EX-10.13

dit_Ex_10_13

Exhibit 10.13 

AMENDED AND RESTATED PROMISSORY NOTE 

Promise To Pay.    Amcon Distributing Company (   Borrower   ) promises to pay to BMO Harris Bank N.A. (   Lender   ), or order, in lawful money of the United States of America, the principal amount of Three Million Three Hundred Eighty Four Thousand Three Hundred Nineteen and 00/100 Dollars ($3,384,319.00), together with interest at the rate of 2.992% per annum on the unpaid principal balance until paid in full. 

Payment  .  Borrower will pay this loan in 59 regular principal and interest payments of $38,344.16 each payment and one irregular last payment estimated at $1,495,382.55. Borrower's first principal payment is due on the 17th day of October, 2016, and all subsequent principal and interest payments are due on the same day of each month after that. Borrower's final payment will be due on the earlier of (i) October 1, 2021 or (ii) the date on which Lender is no longer a participating lender under any loan facility, other than the loan facility evidenced by this Note (the    Other Loan Facilities   ), provided that if Lender is no longer a participant in the Other Loan Facilities due to Lender s assignment of its participating interest(s) in all Other Loan Facilities, then the final payment date shall not be accelerated and shall be October 1, 2021.   Such final payment, on whichever date it occurs, will be for all principal and all accrued interest not yet paid.  Borrower will pay Lender at Lender's address shown above or at such other place as Lender may designate in writing.  Payments received by Lender shall be applied first to accrued interest then due and then to the outstanding principal balance of this Note unless otherwise directed, provided that after an Event of Default (as defined below) all payments received shall be applied in such order and manner as Lender shall determine.  If any payment from Borrower under this Note becomes due on a day that is not a Business Day (as defined below), such payment shall be made on the next Business Day and any such extension shall be included in computing interest under this Note. 

Under no circumstances will the interest rate on this Note be more than the maximum rate allowed by applicable law. 

Computation of Interest  .    All interest on this Note shall be computed on a 365/360 basis; that is, by applying the ratio of the interest rate over a year of 360 days, multiplied by the outstanding principal balance, multiplied by the actual numbers of days the principal balance is outstanding. All interest payable under this Note is computed using this method.  This calculation method results in a higher effective interest rate than the numeric interest rate stated in this Note. 

Prepayment  .  Borrower may pay all or a portion of the amount owed earlier than it is due at any time without penalty or fee.  

Early payments will not, unless agreed to by Lender in writing, relieve Borrower of Borrower's obligation to continue to make payments under the payment schedule.  Rather, early payments will reduce the principal balance due and may result in Borrower's making fewer payments. Borrower agrees not to send Lender payments marked  paid in full ,  without recourse , or similar language. If Borrower sends such a payment, Lender may accept it without losing any of Lender's rights under this Note, and Borrower will remain obligated to pay any further amount owed to Lender. All written communications concerning disputed amounts, including any check or other payment instrument that indicates that the payment constitutes  payment in full  of the amount owed or that is tendered with other conditions or limitations or as full satisfaction of a disputed amount must be mailed or delivered to:  BMO Harris Bank N.A., 111 W. Monroe Street, Chicago, IL 60603 4095. 

Late Charge  .  If a payment is 10 days or more late, Borrower will be charged 5.000% of the regularly scheduled payment or $15.00, whichever is greater.  

Default  .  Each of the following shall constitute an event of default (   Event of Default   ) under this Note: 

Payment Default  .  Borrower fails to make any payment when due under this Note. 

Other Defaults  .  Borrower fails to comply with or to perform any other term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in this Note or in any of the related documents or to comply with or to perform any term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in any other agreement between Lender and Borrower. 

Default in Favor of Third Parties  .  Borrower or any Grantor defaults under any loan, extension of credit, security agreement, purchase or sales agreement, or any other agreement, in favor of any other creditor or person that may materially affect any of Borrower's property or Borrower's ability to repay this Note or perform Borrower's obligations under this Note or any of the related documents. 

False Statements  .  Any warranty, representation or statement made or furnished to Lender by Borrower or on Borrower's behalf under this Note or the related documents is false or misleading in any material respect, either now or at the time made or furnished or becomes false or misleading at any time thereafter. 

Death or Insolvency  .  The death of Borrower or the dissolution or termination of Borrower's existence as a going business, the insolvency of Borrower, the appointment of a receiver for any part of Borrower's property, any assignment of the benefit of creditors, any type of creditor workout, or the commencement of any proceeding under any bankruptcy or insolvency laws by or against Borrower. 

Creditor or Forfeiture Proceedings  .  Commencement of foreclosure or forfeiture proceedings, whether by judicial proceeding, self-help, repossession or any other method, by any creditor of Borrower or by any governmental agency against any collateral securing the loan.  This includes a garnishment of any of Borrower's accounts, including deposit accounts, with Lender.  However, this Event of Default shall not apply if there is a good faith dispute by Borrower as to the validity or reasonableness of the claim which is the basis of the creditor or forfeiture proceeding and if Borrower gives Lender written notice of the creditor or forfeiture proceeding and deposits with Lender monies or a surety bond for the creditor or forfeiture proceeding, in an amount determined by Lender, in its sole discretion, as being an adequate reserve or bond for the dispute. 

2 

Events Affecting Guarantor  .  Any of the preceding events occurs with respect to any guarantor, endorser, surety, or accommodation party of any of the indebtedness or any guarantor, endorser, surety, or accommodation party dies or becomes incompetent, or revokes or disputes the validity of, or liability under, any guaranty of the indebtedness evidenced by this Note. 

Change in Ownership  .  Any change in ownership of twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the common stock of Company. 

Adverse Change  .  A material adverse change occurs in Borrower's financial condition, or Lender believes the prospect of payment or performance of this Note is impaired. 

Insecurity  .  Lender in good faith believes itself insecure. 

Lender's Rights  .  Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, Lender may declare the entire unpaid principal balance under this Note and all accrued unpaid interest immediately due, and then Borrower will pay that amount.  Also in any such event Lender shall have the right to exercise any other action, right, power or remedy provided for in any other instrument or agreement with Lender or as otherwise permitted by applicable law. 

Attorneys' Fees; Expenses  .  Lender may hire or pay someone else to help collect this Note if Borrower does not pay.  Borrower will pay Lender that amount.  This includes, subject to any limits under applicable law, Lender's attorneys' fees and Lender's legal expenses, whether or not there is a lawsuit, including attorneys' fees, expenses for bankruptcy proceedings (including efforts to modify or vacate any automatic stay or injunction), and appeals.  If not prohibited by applicable law, Borrower also will pay any court costs, in addition to all other sums provided by law. 

Jury Waiver  .  Lender and Borrower hereby waive the right to any jury trial in any action, proceeding, or counterclaim brought by either Lender or Borrower against the other. 

Governing Law  .  This Note will be governed by federal law applicable to Lender and, to the extent not preempted by federal law, the laws of the State of Illinois without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.  This Note has been accepted by Lender in the State of Illinois.  

Choice of Venue  .  If there is a lawsuit, Borrower agrees upon Lender's request to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of Cook County, State of Illinois.  

Right of Setoff  .  To the extent permitted by applicable law, Lender reserves a right of setoff in all Borrower's accounts with Lender (whether checking, savings, or some other account).  This includes all accounts Borrower holds jointly with someone else and all accounts Borrower may open in the future.  However, this does not include any IRA or Keogh accounts, or any trust accounts for which setoff would be prohibited by law.  Borrower authorizes Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable law, to charge or setoff all sums owing on the debt against any and all such accounts, and, at Lender's option, to administratively freeze all such accounts to allow Lender to protect Lender's charge and setoff rights provided in this paragraph.  

Collateral.   Borrower acknowledges this Note is secured by among other things, that certain mortgage dated June 1, 2001, on real property located at 2517 Ellington Road, Quincy, IL 62305 and recorded in the public records of Adams County, Illinois, as such mortgage is amended and restated as of the date hereof, that certain mortgage dated December 21, 2004, on real property located at 1511    

3 

Turbine Drive, Rapid City, SD, and recorded in the public records of Pennington County. South Dakota, as such mortgage is amended and restated as of the date hereof and that certain mortgage dated June 1, 2001, on real property located at 3125 East Thayer Avenue, Bismarck, ND 58501 and recorded in the public records of Burleigh County, North Dakota, as such mortgage is amended and restated as of the date hereof. 

Payment Amount after Default.   Whenever increases occur in the interest rate due to an event of default, Lender, at its option, may do one or more of the following: (A) increase Borrower's payments to ensure Borrower's loan will pay off by its original final maturity date, (B) increase Borrower's payments to cover accruing interest, (C) increase the number of Borrower's payments, and (D) continue Borrower's payments at the same amount and increase Borrower's final payment  . 

Amended and Restated  .  This is a restatement of the indebtedness evidenced by, and is a replacement of, that certain Promissory Note of the undersigned dated July 17, 2012 in the face principal amount of $4,781,149.64 payable to the order of the Lender, and nothing contained herein shall be construed (i) to deem paid or forgiven the unpaid principal amount of, or unpaid accrued interest on, said Promissory Note outstanding at the time of its replacement by this Promissory Note or (ii) to release, cancel, terminate or otherwise adversely affect all or any part of any lien, security interest or other encumbrance heretofore granted to or for the benefit of the payee of said Promissory Note which has not otherwise been expressly released. 

Amendments and/or Modifications  .  Lender shall not be deemed to have waived any rights under this Note unless such waiver is given in writing and signed by the Lender.  Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, this Note may be modified by mutual consent of the Lender and Borrower.  Lender shall send written notice of the amendment to Borrower at Borrower's address in Lender's records.  Any such amendment shall be effective according to its terms; provided, however, the Borrower has the option to pay the Note according to its terms and choose not to accept the amendment. 

Successor Interests  .  The terms of this Note shall be binding upon Borrower, and upon Borrower's heirs, personal representatives, successors and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of Lender and its successors and assigns. 

General Provisions  .  If any part of this Note cannot be enforced, this fact will not affect the rest of the Note.  Lender may delay or forgo enforcing any of its rights or remedies under this Note without losing them.  Borrower and any other person who signs, guarantees or endorses this Note, to the extent allowed by law, waive presentment, demand for payment, and notice of dishonor.  Upon any change in the terms of this Note, and unless otherwise expressly stated in writing, no party who signs this Note, whether as maker, guarantor, accommodation maker or endorser, shall be released from liability.  All such parties agree that Lender may renew or extend (repeatedly and for any length of time) this loan or release any party or guarantor or collateral; or impair, fail to realize upon or perfect Lender's security interest in the collateral; and take any other action deemed necessary by Lender without the consent of or notice to anyone.  All such parties also agree that Lender may modify this loan without the consent of or notice to anyone other than the party with whom the modification is made.   

*       *       * 

4 

(Signature Page to Promissory Note-BMO Harris Bank N.A.) 

PRIOR TO SIGNING THIS NOTE, BORROWER READ AND UNDERSTOOD ALL THE PROVISIONS OF THIS NOTE.  BORROWER AGREES TO THE TERMS OF THE NOTE.   

Executed by the undersigned as of the date first written above. 

AMCON DISTRIBUTING COMPANY  

By:  

/s/ Andrew C. Plummer  

Name:  

Andrew C. Plummer  

Title:  

Vice President, Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-10.13>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 dit-20160930ex2111cb443.htm
 EX-21.1

dit_Ex_21_1

EXHIBIT 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY 

Names  

State of Incorporation  

D/B/A (if applicable)  

The Healthy Edge, Inc  

Arizona  

Chamberlin Natural Foods, Inc.  

Florida  

Chamberlin s Market Caf   

Health Food Associates, Inc.  

Oklahoma  

Akin s Natural Food Market  

Hawaiian Natural Water Co., Inc  

Delaware  

The Beverage Group, Inc.  

Delaware  

Idaho Water 2009, Inc. (Formerly Trinity Springs, Inc.)  

Delaware  

AMCON Acquisition Corporation  

Delaware  

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 dit-20160930ex311a8ce2a.htm
 EX-31.1

dit_Ex_31_1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Christopher H. Atayan, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AMCON Distributing Company; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

a.      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b.      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c.      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d.      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrants  fiscal fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a.      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b.      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

8  

Date: November 8, 2016  

/s/ Christopher H. Atayan  

Christopher H. Atayan,  

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 dit-20160930ex3129ce7f3.htm
 EX-31.2

dit_Ex_31_2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Andrew C. Plummer, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AMCON Distributing Company; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

a.      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b.      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c.      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d.      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrants  fiscal fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a.      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b.      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

8  

Date: November 8, 2016  

/s/ Andrew C. Plummer  

Andrew C. Plummer, Vice President,  

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 dit-20160930ex321582c3e.htm
 EX-32.1

dit_Ex_32_1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K (the  Report ) of AMCON Distributing Company (the  Company ) for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, I, Christopher H. Atayan, Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive Officer of the Company, have executed this certification for furnishing to the Securities and Exchange Commission. I hereby certify that: 

1.      the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.      the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

8  

Date: November 8, 2016  

/s/ Christopher H. Atayan  

Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chairman  

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to AMCON Distributing Company and will be retained by AMCON Distributing Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 dit-20160930ex322634af2.htm
 EX-32.2

dit_Ex_32_2

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION 

PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K (the  Report ) of AMCON Distributing Company (the  Company ) for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, I, Andrew C. Plummer, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, have executed this certification for furnishing to the Securities and Exchange Commission. I hereby certify that: 

1.      the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.      the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

8  

Date: November 8, 2016  

/s/ Andrew C. Plummer  

Title: Vice President,  

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary  

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to AMCON Distributing Company and will be retained by AMCON Distributing Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 dit-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 dit-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 dit-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 dit-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 dit-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 dit-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

