<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1029125_0001437749-16-041662_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2360945</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>72270</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>134262</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>741012</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>910326</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>442979</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>13</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-16-041662.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110080229
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-16-041662
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		48
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sun BioPharma, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001029125
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				870543922
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55242
		FILM NUMBER:		161986050

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		712 VISTA BLVD #305
		CITY:			WACONIA
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55387
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9524791196

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		712 VISTA BLVD #305
		CITY:			WACONIA
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55387

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Cimarron Medical, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150602

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CIMARRON SOFTWARE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19961217

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-16-041662.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 snbp20160830_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q
 
   snbp20160830_10q.htm 

UNITED STATES   
   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
   Washington, D.C. 20549   

FORM 10-Q   

Commission File No.:  000-55242   

Sun BioPharma, Inc.     

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)     

Delaware    

87-0543922     

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)   

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)    

712 Vista Blvd #305, Waconia, Minnesota     

(Address of principal executive offices)     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes     No    
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes     No   *  
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.   

Large accelerated filer     
 
  Accelerated filer      

Non-accelerated filer   (Do not check if smaller reporting company)   
 
  Smaller reporting company       
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes       No      
     
  On November 7, 2016, there were 32,176,306 shares of the registrant s common stock, par value $0.001, outstanding.   

Sun BioPharma, Inc.  Index to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q   

Page   

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.   
 
  Financial Statements.   
 
  1    

Item 2.   
 
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   
 
  11    

Item 3.   
 
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk.   
 
  16    

Item 4.   
 
  Controls and Procedures.   
 
  16    

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1.   
 
  Legal Proceedings.   
 
  17    

Item 1A.   
 
  Risk Factors.   
 
  17    

Item 2.   
 
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.   
 
  18    

Item 3.   
 
  Defaults Upon Senior Securities.   
 
  18    

Item 4.   
 
  Mine Safety Disclosures.   
 
  18    

Item 5.   
 
  Other Information.   
 
  18    

Item 6.   
 
  Exhibits.   
 
  18     

i 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
     
   Item 1.     Financial Statements.   
     
   Sun BioPharma, Inc.   Condensed   Consolidated Balance Sheets   
  (In thousands, except share amounts)  

See accompanying notes to   condensed   consolidated financial statements.     

1

Sun BioPharma, Inc.   
   Condensed   Consolidated Statements of   Operations and   Comprehensive Loss      (In thousands, except share and per share amounts)  
     (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to   condensed     consolidated financial statements.     

2

Sun BioPharma, Inc.   
   Condensed Consolidated Statements of   Stock  holders  Deficit   
  (In thousands except share and per share amounts)  
  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  

3

Sun BioPharma, Inc.   
   Condensed   Consolidated Statements of Cash   Flows       (In thousands)  
  (Unaudited)  

Nine Months   Ended   September 30  ,    

2016    

2015    

Cash flows from operating activities:    

Net loss   
   
 $ 
 (2,874 
 ) 
   
 $ 
 (4,199 
 )  

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:   

Amortization of debt issuance costs   

21 

21 

Non-cash interest expense   

9 

9 

Stock-based compensation   

976 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:   

Income and other tax receivables   

512 

(2 
 )  

Prepaid expenses and other current assets   

(25 
 ) 

(31 
 )  

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities   

787 

208 

Net cash used in operating activities   

(1,570 
 ) 

(3,019 
 )  

Cash flows from investing activities:    

Proceeds from sales and maturities of short-term investments   

500 

Net cash provided by investing activities   

500 

Cash flows from financing activities:    

Proceeds from issuance of common stock and warrants, net of offering costs of $152   

1,873  

Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of offering costs of $12   

1,513 

Proceeds from the exercise of stock options   

762 

Proceeds from the exercise of stock purchase warrants   

400 

Net cash provided by financing activities   

1,873 

2,675  

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents   

1 

(23 
 )  

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents   

304 

133 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period   

925 

1,653 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period   
   
 $ 
 1,229 

$ 
 1,786  

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:    

Cash paid during period for interest   
   
 $ 
 70 

$ 
 87 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash transactions:    

Deferred compensation exchanged for common stock and warrants   
   
 $ 
 196 

Issuance of common stock for services   
   
 $ 
 75 

Conversion of notes payable into common stock   
   
 $ 

226 

Notes payable assumed in merger   
   
 $ 

250 

See accompanying notes to   condensed   consolidated financial statements.  

4

S   un BioPharma, Inc.  Notes to   Condensed   Consolidated Financial Statements    

1.     Business   
     
  Sun BioPharma, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary Sun BioPharma Australia Pty Ltd. (collectively  we,   us,   our,  and the  Company ) exist for the primary purpose of advancing the commercial development of a proprietary polyamine analogue for pancreatic cancer and for a second indication in pancreatitis. We have exclusively licensed the worldwide rights to this compound, which has been designated as SBP-101, from the University of Florida Research Foundation, Inc. ( UFRF ).   

2.     Risks and Uncertainties   
     
  We operate in a highly regulated and competitive environment. The development, manufacturing and marketing of pharmaceutical products require approval from, and are subject to ongoing oversight by, the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) in the United States, the Therapeutic Goods Administration ( TGA ) in Australia, the European Medicines Agency ( EMA ) in the European Union, and comparable agencies in other countries. Obtaining approval for a new pharmaceutical product is never certain, may take many years, and is normally expected to involve substantial expenditures.  
     
  We have incurred losses of $16.5 million since our inception in 2011. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we incurred a net loss and negative cash flows from operating activities of $2.9 million and $1.6 million, respectively. We expect to incur substantial losses for the foreseeable future, which will continue to generate negative cash flows from operating activities, as we continue to pursue research and development activities and seek to commercialize our initial product candidate, SBP-101  . As of September 30, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $1.2 million, negative working capital of $436,000 and stockholders  deficit of $3.5 million. The Company s principal sources of cash have historically included the issuance of convertible debt and equity securities.   
     
  The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The condensed   consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability or classification of assets or the amounts of liabilities that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. Our current independent registered public accounting firm, included a paragraph emphasizing this going concern uncertainty in their audit report on our 2015 financial statements dated March 8, 2016. Our ability to continue as a going concern, realize the carrying value of our assets and discharge our liabilities in the ordinary course of business is dependent upon a number of factors, including our ability to obtain additional financing, the success of our development efforts, our ability to obtain marketing approval for our initial product candidate, SBP-101, in the United States, Australia, the European Union or other markets and ultimately our ability to market and sell SBP-101. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue operations as a going concern. See note 4 entitled  Liquidity and Management s Plans.   

3.     Basis of Presentation   
     
  We have prepared the accompanying interim condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with US GAAP for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Regulation S-X of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by US GAAP for complete financial statements. These interim condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments consisting of normal recurring accruals, which, in the opinion of management, are necessary to present fairly our consolidated financial position, consolidated results of operations and consolidated cash flows for the periods and as of the dates presented. Our fiscal year ends on December 31. The condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 was derived from audited consolidated financial statements, but does not include all disclosures required by U.S. GAAP. These interim condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the annual consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 8, 2016 and our other filings with the SEC. The nature of our business is such that the results of any interim period may not be indicative of the results to be expected for future interim periods or for the entire year.  
     
    Recently     Adopted     Accounting Pronouncement    
     
  In April 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2015-03, Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs. This ASU requires debt issuance costs to be presented as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt rather than as an asset. In 2016, the company retrospectively adopted this update, as required, and the amounts reclassified from other assets to long-term debt on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. These reclassifications did not impact net income.  

5

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncement    s    
     
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases. The guidance in ASU 2016-02 supersedes the lease recognition requirements in the Accounting Standards Codification Topic 840, Leases. ASU 2016-02 requires an entity to recognize assets and liabilities arising from a lease for both financing and operating leases, along with additional qualitative and quantitative disclosures. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-02 to have a material impact on its Consolidated Financial Statements.  
     
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Stock-Based Payment Accounting. The guidance in ASU 2016-09 is intended to simplify certain aspects of the accounting for employee stock-based payments, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, statutory withholding requirements, and classification on the statement of cash flows. The standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. We are currently assessing the impact of this standard on our financial condition and results of operations.  

4.     Liquidity and Management Plans   
     
  We will need to obtain additional funds to continue our operations and execute our current business plans. We may seek to raise additional funds through various sources, such as equity and debt financings, or through strategic collaborations and license agreements. We can give no assurances that we will be able to secure additional sources of funds to support our operations, or if such funds are available to us, that such additional financing will be sufficient to meet our needs or on terms acceptable to us. This risk would increase if our clinical data is inconclusive or not positive or economic conditions worsen in the market as a whole or in the pharmaceutical or biotechnology markets individually.  
     
  On March 1, 2016 we instituted substantial salary deferrals for all senior employees in order to conserve cash. If we are unable to obtain additional financing when needed, we will need to reduce our operations by taking actions that may include, among other things, reducing use of outside professional service providers, reducing staff or further reducing staff compensation, significantly modifying or delaying the development of SBP-101, licensing rights to third parties, including the right to commercialize SBP-101   for pancreatic cancer, pancreatitis or other applications that we would otherwise seek to pursue, or discontinuing operations entirely.   
     
  On May 5, 2016, we received a $772,000 tax rebate under the Australian R D Incentive Rebate program related to 2015 research and development activities.   
     
  From June through September 2016, pursuant to Securities Purchase Agreements, we received aggregate gross proceeds of $1.9 million from four closings under these private placement transactions. See  Private Placement  in note 9 for additional information.  
     
  Our future success is dependent upon our ability to obtain additional financing, the success of our development efforts, our ability to obtain marketing approval for our SBP-101 in the United States or other markets and ultimately our ability to market and sell SBP-101. If we are unable to obtain additional financing when needed, if our clinical trials are not successful or if we are unable to obtain marketing approval, we would not be able to continue as a going concern and would be forced to cease operations and liquidate our company.  
     
  There can be no assurances that we will be able to obtain additional financing on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. The sale of additional convertible debt or equity securities would likely result in dilution to our current stockholders.  

6

5.     Summary of Significant Accounting Policies    
     
    Principles of consolidation    
     
  The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements include the assets, liabilities and expenses of Sun BioPharma, Inc. and our wholly-owned subsidiary. All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.   
     
    Use of estimates    
     
  The preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed consolidated financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  
     
    Debt issuance costs    
     
  Costs associated with the issuance of debt instruments are capitalized and presented as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt liability. These costs are amortized on a straight-line basis, which approximates the effective interest method, over the term of the debt agreements and are included in interest expense.  
     
    Research and development costs    
     
  Research and development costs to date have consisted primarily of expenses incurred for third-party service providers who are monitoring and accumulating data related to our preclinical and clinical studies; sponsored research agreements; developing and scaling the manufacturing process necessary to produce sufficient amounts of SBP-101 for use in our pre-clinical studies and human clinical trials; consulting resources with specialized expertise related to execution of our development plan for SBP-101; and costs to license and maintain our licensed intellectual property. Moving forward, research and development expenditures will shift to focus on costs related to the execution of human clinical trials and related efforts to obtain regulatory approval for SBP-101.  
     
  We charge research and development costs, including clinical trial costs, to expense when incurred. Our human clinical trials are, and will be, performed at clinical trial sites and are administered jointly by us with assistance from contract research organizations ( CROs ). Costs of setting up clinical trial sites are accrued upon execution of the study agreement. Expenses related to the performance of clinical trials generally are accrued based on contracted amounts and the achievement of agreed upon milestones, such as patient enrollment, patient follow-up, etc. We monitor levels of performance under each significant contract, including the extent of patient enrollment and other activities through communications with the clinical trial sites and CROs, and adjust the estimates, if required, on a quarterly basis so that clinical expenses reflect the actual effort expended at each clinical trial site and by each CRO.  
     
  All material CRO contracts are terminable by us upon written notice and we are generally only liable for actual effort expended by the CROs and certain non-cancelable expenses incurred at any point of termination  
     
  We expense costs associated with obtaining licenses for patented technologies when it is determined there is no alternative future use of the intellectual property subject to the license.  
     
    Fair Value Determination of the Company s Common Stock    
     
  Prior to becoming a public company in September 2015, determining the fair value per share or our common stock for use in estimating the fair values of stock-based payments required complex and subjective judgments. The Company used the implied valuations based upon the terms from our sales of convertible notes payable to estimate our enterprise value for the dates on which these transactions occurred. The estimated enterprise values considered certain discounts related to control and lack of marketability.   
     
  Our board of directors also considered the estimated fair value of our common stock in relation to a number of objective and subjective factors, including external market conditions affecting the biotechnology industry sector. Our board of directors also retained an independent financial valuation firm to provide independent estimates of our enterprise value. Until an active trading market develops for our common stock, estimating the fair value per share of our common stock will continue to be highly subjective. There is inherent uncertainty in these estimates.  

7

Stock-based compensation    
     
  Stock-based incentive awards are accounted for under the provisions of FASB ASC 718, Compensation   Stock Compensation, which requires companies to measure and recognize the cost of employee and non-employee services received in exchange for awards of equity instruments based on the grant date fair value of those awards. Compensation cost is recognized ratably using the straight-line attribution method over the expected vesting period, which is considered to be the requisite service period.   
     
  The fair value of stock-based awards is estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Risk free interest rates are based upon U.S. Treasury rates appropriate for the expected term of each award. Expected volatility and forfeiture rates are based on the volatility and forfeiture rates of a set of guideline companies, which consist of public and recently public biotechnology companies. The assumed dividend yield is zero, as we do not expect to declare any dividends in the foreseeable future. The expected term of options granted is determined using the  simplified  method. Under this approach, the expected term is presumed to be the mid-point between the average vesting date and the end of the contractual term.  
     
    Foreign currency translation adjustments    
     
  The functional currency of Sun BioPharma Australia Pty Ltd is the Australian Dollar ( AUD ). Accordingly, assets and liabilities, and equity transactions of Sun BioPharma Australia Pty Ltd are translated into U.S. dollars at period-end exchange rates. Revenues and expenses are translated at the average exchange rate in effect for the period. The resulting translation gains and losses are recorded as a component of accumulated comprehensive loss presented within the stockholders  deficit. During the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, any reclassification adjustments from accumulated other comprehensive loss to operations was inconsequential.  

6.     Accrued Liabilities   
     
  Accrued liabilities consist of the following (in thousands):  

7.     Debt issuance costs   
     
  The following table summarizes the deferred financing costs which are presented as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of their related debt liabilities (in thousands):  

We recorded amortization of debt issuance costs of $21,000 for both of the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

8

8.     Net Loss P  er Share   
     
  The following table summarizes our calculation of net loss per common share for each of the periods presented (in thousands, except share and per share data):  

The following outstanding potential common shares are not included in diluted net loss per share calculations as their effects would have been anti-dilutive:  

9  .       Stock  holders  Equity   
     
   Private Placement  , Resale Registration   
     
  On each of June 10, June 24, August 11 and September 2, 2016, we entered into Securities Purchase Agreements (the  Purchase Agreements ) with the purchasers named therein, pursuant to which we sold an aggregate of 2,221,000 shares of common stock (the  Purchased Shares ) and warrants (the  Warrants ) to purchase an aggregate of 1,110,500 shares of common stock (the  Warrant Shares ). The purchase price for each unit, consisting of one share of common stock and a warrant to purchase one-half share of common stock, was $1.00. The Warrants are exercisable for a period of five years from their respective date of issuance at an exercise price of $1.50 per share. The Company received aggregate gross proceeds of $1.9 million from the Purchase Agreements closings under these private placement transactions and an additional $196,000 was invested by management through the conversion of previously deferred compensation. As of September 30, 2016, all of the Warrants remained outstanding.  
     
  Pursuant to the Purchase Agreements, we filed a registration statement on Form S-1 with the SEC covering the resale of the Purchased Shares and Warrant Shares. On October 3, 2016, the SEC declared the registration statement effective. We have also agreed, among other things, to indemnify the selling stockholders under the registration statements from certain liabilities and to pay all fees and expenses (excluding underwriting discounts and selling commissions and legal fees) incident to our obligations under the Purchase Agreements.   
     
   Stock-Based Payments   
     
  In the first quarter of 2016, our Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 37,500 shares of our common stock to two vendors who agreed to provide services to the Company upon terms that provided for a portion of their consideration to be paid in shares of our common stock. The fair value of each share of common stock was determined by our Board of Directors, and accordingly, we recorded a charge of $75,000.  

10  .       Stock  -Based Compensation   
     
   2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan   
     
  The Sun BioPharma, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the  2016 Plan ) was adopted by our Board of Directors in March 2016 and approved by our stockholders at our annual meeting of stockholders on May 17, 2016. The 2016 Plan permits the granting of incentive and non-statutory stock options, restricted stock, stock appreciation rights, performance units, performance shares and other stock awards to eligible employees, directors and consultants. We grant options to purchase shares of common stock under the 2016 Plan at no less than the fair market value of the underlying common stock as of the date of grant. Options granted under the Plan have a maximum term of ten years. Under the Plan, a total of 15,000,000 shares of common stock are reserved for issuance. As of September 30, 2016, no awards were outstanding under the 2016 Plan.  

9

2011 Stock Option Plan   
     
  The Sun BioPharma, Inc. 2011 Stock Option Plan (the  2011 Plan ) was adopted by our Board of Directors in September 2011 and approved by our stockholders in January 2012. In conjunction with stockholder approval of the 2016 Plan, the Board terminated the 2011 Plan, although awards outstanding under the 2011 Plan will remain outstanding in accordance with and pursuant to the terms thereof. Options granted under the 2011 Plan have a maximum term of ten years and generally vest over zero to two years for employees. As of September 30, 2016, options to purchase 3,163,600 shares of common stock remained outstanding under the 2011 Plan.  
     
  We recognize stock-based compensation based on the value of the portion of awards that are ultimately expected to vest. Guidance requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. The term  forfeitures  is distinct from  cancellations  or  expirations  and represents only the unvested portion of a surrendered option. We will re-evaluate this estimate periodically and adjust the forfeiture rate on a prospective basis as necessary. Ultimately, the actual expense recognized over the vesting period will only be for those shares that actually vest.   
     
  There were no equity awards granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

10

Item 2.    
 
   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.      
     
   The following discussion contains various forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). Although we believe that, in making any such statement, our expectations are based on reasonable assumptions, any such statement may be influenced by factors that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different from those projected. When used in the following discussion, the words  anticipates,   believes,   expects,   intends,   plans,   estimates  and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated, certain of which are beyond our control, are set forth herein and in Part I, Item 1A under the caption  Risk Factors  in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K.   
     
   Our actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, forward-looking statements. Accordingly, we cannot be certain that any of the events anticipated by forward-looking statements will occur or, if any of them do occur, what impact they will have on us. We caution you to keep in mind the cautions and risks described in this document and to refrain from attributing undue certainty to any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of the document in which they appear. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement.   
     
   Overview   
     
  Sun BioPharma, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Sun BioPharma Australia Pty Ltd. ( SBA ) (collectively  we,   us,   our,  and the  Company ) exist for the primary purpose of advancing the commercial development of a proprietary polyamine analogue for pancreatic cancer and for a second indication in pancreatitis. We have   exclusively licensed the worldwide rights to this compound, which has been designated as SBP-101, from the University of Florida Research Foundation, Inc. ( UFRF ).  
     
  In August 2015, the U.S. FDA granted an Investigational New Drug ( IND ) approval for our SBP-101 product candidate and we began enrolling patients in a Phase 1 clinical trial on January 4, 2016. We estimate that completion of our Phase 1 clinical trial in pancreatic cancer and the completion of necessary preclinical development work and initiation of a Phase 1 clinical trial in pancreatitis, will require additional funding of at least $10 million to $20 million. Additional clinical trials will likely be required for FDA or other similar approvals if the results of the first clinical trial of our SBP-101 product candidate is positive. We estimate that the additional time and cost to obtain FDA and European Medicines Agency ( EMA ) approval and to bring our SBP-101 product candidate to market in these two indications will be 6 to 7 years with related costs up to $200 million.  
     
  On May 25, 2016, Sun BioPharma, Inc. completed a reincorporation into the State of Delaware from the State of Utah pursuant to an agreement and plan of merger between Sun BioPharma, Inc., a Utah corporation, and its wholly owned subsidiary, Sun BioPharma Research, Inc., a Delaware corporation. Upon the reincorporation, each outstanding certificate representing shares of the Utah corporation s common stock was deemed, without any action by the holders thereof, to represent the same number and class of shares of our company s common stock. As of May 25, 2016, the rights of our stockholders began to be governed by Delaware law and our current certificate of incorporation and bylaws.  
     
  In four closings from June through September 2016, we entered into Securities Purchase Agreements pursuant to which we sold an aggregate of 2,221,000 shares of common stock (the  Purchased Shares ) and warrants (the  Warrants ) to purchase an aggregate of 1,110,500 shares of common stock (the  Warrant Shares ). We received aggregate gross proceeds of $1.9 million from the Purchase Agreements closings under these private placement transactions and an additional $196,000 was invested by management through the conversion of previously deferred compensation. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreements, we filed a registration statement on Form S-1 with the SEC covering the resale of the Purchased Shares and Warrant Shares. On October 3, 2016, the SEC declared the registration statement effective. See  Private Placement, Resale Registration  in Note 9 to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information.  
     
  On August 15, 2016, we announced that the Data Safety Monitoring Board ( DSMB ), an independent group of medical experts closely monitoring our Phase 1 clinical trial of SBP-101 in the treatment of patients with previously treated locally advanced or metastatic pancreatic cancer, completed its safety review of the data from the dosing of the second cohort of patients. As a result of that review, we initiated enrollment of the third patient cohort in the dose escalation phase of the trial. On October 6, 2016, we announced that the DSMB completed its safety review of the data from the dosing of the third cohort of patients and, as a result of the review by the DSMB, we initiated enrollment of the fourth patient cohort in the trial.   

11

Financial Overview    
     
  We have incurred losses of $16.5 million since inception. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we incurred net losses of $2.9 million and $4.2 million, respectively, and negative cash flows from operating activities of $1.6 million and $3.0 million, respectively. We expect to incur substantial losses, which will continue to generate negative net cash flows from operating activities, as we continue to pursue research and development activities and commercialize our SBP-101 product candidate  .  
     
  Our cash and cash equivalents were $1.2 million as of September 30, 2016, compared to $925,000 as of December 31, 2015.   We will need to obtain additional funds to continue our operations and execute our current business plans, including completing our current Phase 1 clinical trial, planning for required future trials and pursuing regulatory approvals in the United States, the European Union and other international markets. We historically have financed our operations principally from the sale of convertible debt and equity securities. While we have been successful in the past in obtaining the necessary capital to support our operations, and have similar future plans to obtain additional financing, there is no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional financing under commercially reasonable terms and conditions, or at all. This risk would increase if our clinical data is inconclusive or not positive or economic conditions worsen in the market as a whole or in the pharmaceutical or biotechnology markets individually.  
     
  On March 1, 2016 we instituted substantial salary deferrals for all senior employees in order to conserve cash.   
     
  In May 5, 2016, SBA received a $772,000 tax rebate under the Australian R D Incentive Rebate program related to 2015 research and development activities.  
     
  From June through September 2016, we received aggregate gross proceeds of $1.9 million from the sale of the Purchased Shares and Warrants. See  Private Placement, Resale Registration  in Note 9 to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information.  
     
  If we are unable to obtain additional financing when needed, we will need to reduce our operations by taking actions that may include, among other things, reducing use of outside professional service providers, reducing staff or further reducing staff compensation, significantly modifying or delaying the development of our SBP-101 product candidate  , licensing rights to third parties, including the right to commercialize our SBP-101 product candidate   for pancreatic cancer, acute pancreatitis or other applications that we would otherwise seek to pursue, or discontinue operations entirely.  
     
   Results of Operations   
     
    Comparison of the three     and nine     months ended     September     30, 2016 to the three     and nine     months ended     September     30, 2015    (in thousands):   

General and administrative expense   
     
  Our general and administrative ( G A ) expenses increased 16.3% to $499,000 in the third quarter of 2016 up from $429,000 in the third quarter of 2015. G A expenses decreased 37.1% to $1.4 million from $2.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increase in the current quarter was related primarily to an increase in staff and salary increases implemented in the fourth quarter of 2015, partially offset by decreased legal and accounting fees relating to the Company s merger with Cimarron Medical, Inc. during 2015. The decrease on a year-to-date basis was due primarily to reductions in stock-based compensation and decreased legal and accounting fees relating to the merger during 2015, partially offset by increased salaries and reporting and compliance costs associated with being a public company during 2016.  

12

Research and development expense   
     
  Our research and development ( R D ) expenses increased 86.5% to $636,000 in the third quarter of 2016, up from $341,000 in the third quarter of 2015. R D expenses decreased 14.4% to $1.7 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016, down from $1.9 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in the current quarter was driven primarily by increased costs associated with conducting the Phase 1 clinical trial of SBP-101, the Company s initial product candidate, as the pace of enrollment has increased. Increased staff and salaries implemented in the fourth quarter of 2015 also contributed to the increase.   The decrease in R D expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was due primarily to de  creased costs of   preclinical studies, other product development costs and stock-based compensation, partially offset by increased clinical trial costs.  
     
   Other   income (  expense  )  , net   
     
  Other income (expense), net, improved to a net income of $11,000 in the current quarter and decreased 55.4% to $70,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared with the same periods in the prior year. Other expense, net, consists primarily of interest expense on convertible promissory notes and long-term debt and foreign currency transaction gains and losses. The current year fluctuations resulted primarily from the impact of fluctuations in the foreign currency exchange rates between the United States and Australian dollars on the translation of the SBA financial statements.  
     
   Income tax benefit   
     
  Income tax benefit increased to $45,000 and $252,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. Our income tax benefit is derived primarily from refundable tax credits associated with our R D activities conducted in Australia.  
     
   Liquidity and Capital Resources   
     
  The following table summarizes our liquidity and capital resources as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and our cash flow data for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and is intended to supplement the more detailed discussion that follows (in thousands):  

Working Capital    
     
  Our total cash and cash equivalents were $1.2 million as of September 30, 2016, compared to $925,000 as of December 31, 2015. We had $2.1 million in current liabilities, and negative working capital of $436,000 as of September 30, 2016, compared to $1.4 million in current liabilities and $357,000 in working capital as of December 31, 2015. In May 2016, SBA received a $772,000 tax rebate under the Australian R D Incentive Rebate program related to 2015 research and development activities. From June through September 2016, we received aggregate gross proceeds of $1.9 million from the sale of the Purchased Shares and Warrants. See  Private Placement, Resale Registration  in Note 9 to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information.  

13

Cash Flows    
     
   Net Cash Used in Operating Activities   
     
  Net cash used in operating activities was $1.6 million in the nine-months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $3.0 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The net cash used in each of these periods primarily reflects the net loss for these periods, and is partially offset by the effects of changes in operating assets and liabilities and, in the nine months ended September 30, 2015, by non-cash charges recorded for stock-based compensation.  
     
   Net Cash Provided by   Investing   Activities   
     
  There were no cash flows related to investing activities in the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Net cash provided by investing activities was $500,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Net cash provided by investing activities in 2015 was derived from sales and maturities of short-term investments.   
     
   Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities   
     
  Net cash provided by financing activities was $1.9 million for the nine-months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $2.7 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Net cash provided by financing activities was comprised of net proceeds from the sale of common stock and warrants and, in 2015, proceeds from the exercise of stock options and stock purchase warrants.   
     
    Capital Requirements    
     
  As we continue to pursue our operations and execute our business plan, including completing our current Phase 1 clinical trial for our product candidate SBP-101 in pancreatic cancer, planning for required future regulatory submissions and trials and trials and pursuing regulatory approvals in the United States, the European Union and other international markets, we expect to continue to incur substantial and increasing losses, which will continue to generate negative net cash flows from operating activities.  
     
  Our future capital uses and requirements depend on numerous current and future factors. These factors include, but are not limited to, the following:  

the progress of clinical trials required to support our applications for regulatory approvals, including our Phase 1 clinical trial, a human clinical trial in Australia and the United States;     

our ability to demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of our SBP-101 product candidate  ;     

our ability to obtain regulatory approval of our SBP-101 product candidate   in the United States, the European Union or other international markets;     

the market acceptance and level of future sales of our SBP-101 product candidate  ;     

the rate of progress in establishing reimbursement arrangements with third-party payors;     

the effect of competing technological and market developments;     

the cost and delays in product development that may result from changes in regulatory oversight applicable to our SBP-101 product candidate  ; and     

the costs involved in filing and prosecuting patent applications and enforcing or defending patent claims.      
     
  To date, we have used primarily convertible debt and equity financings to fund our ongoing business operations and short-term liquidity needs, and we expect to continue this practice for the foreseeable future.  
     
  Our cash and cash equivalents were $1.2 million as of September 30, 2016, compared to $925,000 as of December 31, 2015. Although we do not have any current capital commitments, we expect that we will increase our projected expenditures once we have additional capital on hand in order to continue our efforts to grow our business, complete our Phase 1 clinical trial for our SBP-101 product candidate and prepare to submit an Investigational New Drug application for the use of SBP-101 to treat acute pancreatitis. Accordingly, we expect to make additional expenditures in product development to continue enhancing our current products. However, we do not have any definitive plans as to the exact amounts or particular uses at this time, and the exact amounts and timing of any expenditure may vary significantly from our current intentions.  

14

As of September 30, 2016, we did not have any existing credit facilities under which we could borrow funds. We historically have financed our operations principally from the sale of convertible debt and equity securities. While we have been successful in the past in obtaining the necessary capital to support our operations, and have similar future plans to obtain additional financing, there is no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional financing under commercially reasonable terms and conditions, or at all.  
     
  We will need to obtain additional funds to continue our operations and execute our business plans, including completing our current Phase 1 clinical  , planning for required future regulatory submissions and trials and pursuing regulatory approvals in the United States, the European Union and other international markets. We historically have financed our operations principally from the sale of convertible debt and equity securities. While we have been successful in the past in obtaining the necessary capital to support our operations, and have similar future plans to obtain additional financing, there is no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional financing under commercially reasonable terms and conditions, or at all. This risk would increase if our clinical data is inconclusive or not positive or economic conditions worsen in the market as a whole or in the pharmaceutical or biotechnology markets individually.  
     
  On March 1, 2016 we instituted substantial salary deferrals for all senior employees in order to conserve cash.   
     
  In May 5, 2016, SBA received a $772,000 tax rebate under the Australian R D Incentive Rebate program related to 2015 research and development activities.  
     
  From June through September 2016, we received aggregate gross proceeds of $1.9 million from the sale of the Purchased Shares and Warrants. See  Private Placement, Resale Registration  in Note 9 to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information.  
     
  To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the interests of our current stockholders would be diluted, and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of our current stockholders. If we issue preferred stock, it could affect the rights of our stockholders or reduce the value of our common stock. In particular, specific rights granted to future holders of preferred stock may include voting rights, preferences as to dividends and liquidation, conversion and redemption rights, sinking fund provisions, and restrictions on our ability to merge with or sell our assets to a third party. Debt financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. Any of these events could adversely affect our ability to achieve our regulatory approvals and commercialization goals and harm our business.  
     
  Our future success is dependent upon our ability to obtain additional financing, the success of our current Phase 1 clinical trial and required future trials, our ability to obtain marketing approval for our SBP-101 product candidate   in the United States, the European Union and other international markets. If we are unable to obtain additional financing when needed, if our Phase 1 clinical trial is not successful, if we do not receive regulatory approval required future trials or if once these studies are concluded, we do not receive marketing approval for our SBP-101 product candidate  , we would not be able to continue as a going concern and would be forced to cease operations. The interim financial statements included in this report have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern and do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability or classification of assets or the amounts of liabilities that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties.  
     
    Indebtedness    
     
  We   currently   have $2,775,000 outstanding in convertible promissory notes that accrue annual interest of 5%, payable quarterly, and are convertible into common stock at $1.125 per share. These notes mature in December 2018. We have $300,000 outstanding in an unsecured loan that accrues annual interest of 4.125%. All principal and accrued interest on this loan are payable in October 2017. We also have $250,000 of unsecured demand notes which we assumed in connection with the September 2015 merger with Cimarron Medical, Inc. These demand notes have no stated interest rate or maturity date.  

15

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   
     
  Our   significant   accounting policies are set forth in notes accompanying the   condensed   consolidated financial statements included in this document. The accounting policies used in preparing our interim fiscal 2016 condensed consolidated financial statements are the same as those described in   our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 8, 2016  .  
     
   Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   
     
  We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Regulation S-K Item 303(a)(4), that have or are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our financial condition, revenue or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. As a result, we are not materially exposed to any financing, liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise if we had engaged in these arrangements  .  

Item 3.    
 
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk.      
     
  As a smaller   reporting company, we are not required to provide disclosure pursuant to this item.  

Item 4.    
 
   Controls and Procedures.      
     
   Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   
     
  Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. As of the date of this filing, management has not identified any material weaknesses but believes that it does have a significant deficiency in that it has insufficient personnel resources within the accounting function to fully segregate the duties over financial transaction processing and reporting. Management has mitigated this deficiency primarily through greater involvement in the review and monitoring of financial transaction processing and reporting by executive and senior management.  
     
  We believe that our internal control system provides reasonable assurance to our management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. All internal controls over financial reporting, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of controls. Therefore, even effective internal controls over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting may vary over time.   
     
  As of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report, we conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, pursuant to Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 of the Exchange Act. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in ensuring that information relating to the Company required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, including ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  
     
   Changes to Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   
     
  We have not identified any change in our internal control over financial reporting during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.   

16

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.    
 
   Legal Proceedings.      
     
  None  

Item 1A.    
 
   Risk Factors.      
     
  Other than as set forth below, there have been no material changes to the risk factors described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016.  
     
    Confidentiality agreements with employees and others may not adequately prevent disclosure of our trade secrets and other proprietary information and may not adequately protect our intellectual property, which could impede our ability to compete   .   
     
  Because we operate in the highly technical field of medical technology development, we rely in part on trade secret protection in order to protect our proprietary trade secrets and unpatented know-how. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect, and we cannot be certain that others will not develop the same or similar technologies on their own. We have taken steps, including entering into confidentiality agreements with all of our employees, consultants and corporate partners to protect our trade secrets and unpatented know-how. These agreements generally require that the other party keep confidential and not disclose to third parties any confidential information developed by the party or made known to the party by us during the course of the party s relationship with us. We also typically obtain agreements from these parties which provide that inventions conceived by the party in the course of rendering services to us will be our exclusive property. However, these agreements may not be honored and may not effectively assign intellectual property rights to us. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally obtained and is using our trade secrets or know-how is difficult, expensive and time consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, courts outside the United States may be less willing to protect trade secrets or know-how. The failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect our competitive position.  
     
    Our common stock is eligible for quotation on the over-the-counter-market but not listed on any national securities exchange.    
     
  Our shares of common stock are eligible for quotation on the OTCQB tier of the over-the-counter markets under the symbol  SNBP.  Despite eligibility for quotation, no assurance can be given that any market for our common stock will develop or, if one develops, that it will be maintained for any period of time. Quotation on the over-the-counter markets, in particular the OTC Pink tier, is generally understood to be a less active, and therefore less liquid, trading market than other types of markets such as a national securities exchange. In comparison to a listing on a national securities exchange, quotation on the over-the-counter markets may have an adverse effect on the liquidity of shares of our common stock, both in terms of the number of shares that can be bought and sold at a given price, but also through delays in the timing of transactions and reduction in analyst and media coverage. This may result in lower prices for our common stock than might otherwise be obtained and could also result in a larger spread between the bid and ask prices for our common stock.  
     
    Our common stock is a  penny stock,  which may make it difficult to sell shares of our common stock.    
     
  Our common stock is categorized as a  penny stock  as defined in Rule 3a51-1 of the Exchange Act and is subject to the requirements of Rule 15g-9 of the Exchange Act. Under this rule, broker-dealers who sell penny stocks must, among other things, provide purchasers of these stocks with a standardized risk-disclosure document prepared by the SEC. Under applicable regulations, our common stock will generally remain a  penny stock  until and for such time as its per-share price is $5.00 or more (as determined in accordance with SEC regulations), until we meet certain net asset or revenue thresholds or until we list on an accepted national market exchange, e.g. the Nasdaq. These thresholds include the possession of net tangible assets (i.e., total assets less intangible assets and liabilities) in excess of $2 million or average revenues equal to at least $6 million for each of the last three years.  
     
  The penny-stock rules substantially limit the liquidity of securities in the secondary market, and many brokers choose not to participate in penny-stock transactions. As a result, there is generally less trading in penny stocks. If you become a holder of our common stock, you may not always be able to resell shares of our common stock in a public broker s transaction, if at all, at the times and prices that you feel are fair or appropriate.  

17

The protection provided by the federal securities laws relating to forward-looking statements does not apply to us. The lack of this protection could harm us in the event of an adverse outcome in a legal proceeding relating to forward-looking statements made by us.    
     
  Although federal securities laws provide a safe harbor for forward-looking statements made by a public company that files reports under the federal securities laws, this safe harbor is not available to certain issuers, including penny stock issuers. We believe we are not currently eligible for the statutory safe harbor included in the Exchange Act of 1934. As a result, we will not have the benefit of this statutory safe harbor protection in the event of certain legal actions based upon forward-looking statements. The lack of this protection in a contested proceeding could harm our financial condition and, ultimately, the value of our common stock.  
     
    We are an emerging growth company and we cannot be certain if reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our Common Stock less attractive to investors.    
     
  We are an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies including, but not limited to, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory stockholder vote on executive compensation and any golden parachute payments not previously approved, exemption from the requirement of auditor attestation in the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting and exemption from any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. If we do, the information that we provide stockholders may be different than what is available with respect to other public companies. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile.  

Item 2.    
 
   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.      
     
  On August 11, 2016, we issued 220,000 shares of common stock and Warrants to purchase 110,000 additional shares of common stock pursuant to the Purchase Agreements for aggregate cash proceeds of approximately $220,000.  
     
  On September 2, 2016, we issued 50,000 shares of common stock and Warrants to purchase 25,000 additional shares of common stock pursuant to the Purchase Agreements for aggregate cash proceeds of approximately $50,000.  
     
  We plan to use the proceeds from the foregoing private placements to fund the continuing Phase 1 clinical trial of SBP-101 for pancreatic cancer as well as preclinical efforts to further study the impact of SBP-101 on pancreatitis.  
     
  The foregoing private placements were exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ) pursuant to the exemption for transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation D under the Securities Act. Pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreements, the underlying common stock was registered pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 declared effective on September 30, 2016 (file no. 333-213687).  

Item 3.    
 
   Defaults Upon Senior Securities.      
     
  None.  

Item 4.    
 
   Mine Safety Disclosures.      
     
  Not applicable.  

Item 5.    
 
   Other Information.      
     
  None.  

Item 6.    
 
   Exhibits.      
     
  The exhibit index appearing after the signature page is incorporated herein by reference.  

18

SIGNATURES   
     
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.   

SUN BIOPHARMA, INC.     

Date: November 10, 2016   
 
  By:   
 
  /s/ David B. Kaysen     

David B. Kaysen  
  Chief Executive Officer    

(Principal Executive Officer)    

Date: November 10, 2016   
 
  By:   
 
  /s/ Scott Kellen     

Scott Kellen  
  Chief Financial Officer    

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)     

19

EXHIBIT INDEX   
     
  Unless otherwise indicated, all documents incorporated into this quarterly report on Form 10-Q by reference to a document filed with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act are located under SEC file number 000-55242.  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1
 
   ex31-1.htm 

Exhibit 31.1    
     
   CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE   13a-14(a)   OR   15d-14(a)   UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF   1934,   AS AMENDED, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO    SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
     
  I, David B. Kaysen, certify that:  

1.   

I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Sun BioPharma, Inc.;    

2.   

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.   

Based on my knowledge, the condensed consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.   

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

a.   
 
  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its condensed consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b.   
 
  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c.   
 
  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

d.   
 
  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.   

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

a.   
 
  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

b.   
 
  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Dated:   November 10, 2016   
 
  /s/ David B. Kaysen    

David B. Kaysen    

President and Chief Executive Officer    

(Principal Executive Officer)     

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2
 
   ex31-2.htm 

Exhibit 31.2   
     
   CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE   13a-14(a)   OR   15d-14(a)   UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF   1934,   AS AMENDED, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO    SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
     
  I, Scott Kellen, certify that:  

1.   

I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Sun BioPharma, Inc.;    

2.   

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.   

Based on my knowledge, the condensed consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.   

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

a.   
 
  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its condensed consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b.   
 
  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c.   
 
  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

d.   
 
  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.   

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

a.   
 
  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

b.   
 
  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Dated:   November 10, 2016   
 
  /s/ Scott Kellen    

Scott Kellen    

Chief Financial Officer    

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)     

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1
 
   ex32-1.htm 

Exhibit 32.1   
     
   CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
     
  I, David B. Kaysen, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1)   

the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Sun BioPharma, Inc. for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    

(2)   

the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Sun BioPharma, Inc.     
     
  Dated: November 10, 2016  

/s/ David B. Kaysen    

David B. Kaysen    

President and Chief Executive Officer    

(Principal Executive Officer)     

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2
 
   ex32-2.htm 

Exhibit 32.2   
     
   CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
     
  I, Scott Kellen, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1)   

the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Sun BioPharma, Inc. for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    

(2)   

the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Sun BioPharma, Inc.     
     
  Dated: November 10, 2016  

/s/ Scott Kellen    

Scott Kellen    

Chief Financial Officer    

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal    

Accounting Officer)     

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 snbp-20160930.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 snbp-20160930.xsd
 EXHIBIT 101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 snbp-20160930_cal.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 snbp-20160930_def.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 snbp-20160930_lab.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 snbp-20160930_pre.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

