<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_1029142_0001564590-16-027955_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5889157</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>170525</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>218930</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1390099</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2086248</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1275434</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>21</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-027955.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107161757
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-027955
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DYNAVAX TECHNOLOGIES CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001029142
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				330728374
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34207
		FILM NUMBER:		161978332

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2929 SEVENTH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			BERKELEY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94710
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5108485100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2929 SEVENTH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			BERKELEY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94710

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-027955.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 dvax-10q_20160930.htm
 10-Q

dvax-10q_20160930.htm

UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 Washington, D.C. 20549  
   
 Form 10-Q  
   
 (Mark One)  

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 
 or  

For the transition period from                     to                     .  
 Commission file number: 001-34207  
   
 Dynavax Technologies Corporation  
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware  

33-0728374  

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  

(IRS Employer Identification No.)  

2929 Seventh Street, Suite 100  
 Berkeley, CA 94710-2753  
 (510) 848-5100  
 (Address, including Zip Code, and telephone number, including area code, of the registrant s principal executive offices)  
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes       No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registration was required to submit and post such files). Yes       No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes       No        
 As of November 1, 2016, the registrant had outstanding 38,527,660 shares of common stock.  

INDEX   
 DYNAVAX TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION  

Page No.  

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.  
 
   Financial Statements (unaudited)    
 
 4  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015    
 
 4  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
 
 5  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
 
 5  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
 
 6  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    
 
 7  

Item 2.  
 
   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
 
 17  

Item 3.  
 
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk      
 
 22  

Item 4.  
 
   Controls and Procedures      
 
 23  

PART II OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1.  
 
   Legal Proceedings      
 
 24  

Item 1A.  
 
   Risk Factors      
 
 25  

Item 2.  
 
   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    
 
 38  

Item 5.  
 
   Other Information      
 
 38  

Item 6.  
 
   Exhibits      
 
 39  

SIGNATURES      
 
 40  

2 
 
    FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. All statements that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, including statements about our ability to successfully develop and timely achieve regulatory approval for HEPLISAV-B , our business, collaboration and regulatory strategy, our intellectual property position, our product development efforts, our ability to commercialize our product candidates, including HEPLISAV-B, our ability to manufacture commercial supply and meet regulatory requirements, the timing of the introduction of our products, uncertainty regarding our capital needs and future operating results and profitability, anticipated sources of funds as well as our plans, objectives, strategies, expectations and intentions. These statements appear throughout this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and can be identified by the use of forward-looking language such as  may,   will,   should,   expect,   plan,   anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   predict,   future,  or  intend,  or the negative of these terms or other variations or comparable terminology. 
 Actual results may vary materially from those in our forward-looking statements as a result of various factors that are identified in  Item 1A Risk Factors  and  Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and elsewhere in this document. No assurance can be given that the risk factors described in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are all of the factors that could cause actual results to vary materially from the forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Readers should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements.  
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes trademarks and registered trademarks of Dynavax Technologies Corporation. Products or service names of other companies mentioned in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may be trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners. 

3 
 
        P  ART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.   
 
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

 Dynavax Technologies Corporation  
     Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  
 (In thousands, except per share amounts)  

See accompanying notes. 
   
 4 
 
    Dynavax Technologies Corporation   
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations  
 (In thousands, except per share amounts)  
 (Unaudited)  

Dynavax Technologies Corporation  
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss  
 (In thousands)  
 (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes. 
 5 
 
    Dynavax Technologies Corporation   
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
 (In thousands)  
 (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes. 

6 
 
    Dynavax Technologies Corporation   
     Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
 (Unaudited)  
   
 1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  
 Dynavax Technologies Corporation ( we,   our,   us,   Dynavax  or the  Company ), is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company that uses toll-like receptor ( TLR ) biology to discover and develop novel vaccines and therapeutics.  Our development programs are focused on vaccines and cancer immunotherapy. We were incorporated in California in August 1996 under the name Double Helix Corporation, and we changed our name to Dynavax Technologies Corporation in September 1996. We reincorporated in Delaware in 2000.   
 Basis of Presentation  
 Our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and pursuant to the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. In our opinion, these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, which we consider necessary to present fairly our financial position and the results of our operations and cash flows. As permitted under those rules, certain footnotes or other financial information that are normally required by GAAP have been condensed or omitted. Interim-period results are not necessarily indicative of results of operations or cash flows to be expected for a full-year period or any other interim-period. The condensed consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2015, has been derived from audited financial statements at that date, but excludes disclosures required by GAAP for complete financial statements.  
 The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and these notes should be read in conjunction with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ).  
 The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Dynavax and our wholly-owned subsidiaries, Dynavax GmbH and Dynavax International, B.V. Dynavax International, B.V. was dissolved in January 2015. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions among these entities have been eliminated from the condensed consolidated financial statements. We operate in one business segment: the discovery and development of biopharmaceutical products.  
 Liquidity and Financial Condition  
 We have incurred significant operating losses and negative cash flows from operations since our inception. As of September 30, 2016, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities  of $109.6 million.  We have determined that we have adequate plans in place regarding the ability to meet anticipated cash needs within one year after the date of these financial statements.    
 We expect to continue to spend substantial funds in connection with  seeking regulatory approval  for, and manufacture  and other costs relating to, preparation for the anticipated commercial launch of HEPLISAV-B TM  in the United States, manufacturing and conducting clinical studies of our investigational cancer immunotherapeutic product candidate, SD-101, and other cancer immunotherapeutic product candidates  and additional applications and advancement of our technology. In order to continue these activities, we may need to raise additional funds. This may occur through strategic collaboration and licensing arrangements and/or future public or private debt and equity financings. Sufficient additional funding may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. If adequate funds are not available in the future, we may need to delay, reduce the scope of or put on hold the HEPLISAV-B program or our other development programs while we seek strategic alternatives , which could have an adverse impact on our ability to achieve our intended business objectives.  
 Use of Estimates  
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make informed estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  
 There have been no material changes in our significant accounting policies during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared with those disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.   
 7 
 
    Revenue Recognition   
 Our revenues consist of amounts earned from collaborations, grants and fees from services and licenses. We enter into license and manufacturing agreements and collaborative research and development arrangements with pharmaceutical and biotechnology partners that may involve multiple deliverables. Our arrangements may include one or more of the following elements: upfront license payments, cost reimbursement for the performance of research and development activities, milestone payments, other contingent payments, contract manufacturing service fees, royalties and license fees. Each deliverable in the arrangement is evaluated to determine whether it meets the criteria to be accounted for as a separate unit of accounting or whether it should be combined with other deliverables. In order to account for the multiple-element arrangements, the Company identifies the deliverables included within the arrangement and evaluates which deliverables represent separate units of accounting. Analyzing the arrangement to identify deliverables requires the use of judgment, and each deliverable may be an obligation to deliver services, a right or license to use an asset, or another performance obligation. We recognize revenue when there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. 
 Non-refundable upfront fees received for license and collaborative agreements entered into and other payments under collaboration agreements where we have continuing performance obligations related to the payments are deferred and recognized over our estimated performance period. Revenue is recognized on a ratable basis, unless we determine that another method is more appropriate, through the date at which our performance obligations are completed. Management makes its best estimate of the period over which we expect to fulfill our performance obligations, which may include clinical development activities. Given the uncertainties of research and development collaborations, significant judgment is required to determine the duration of the performance period. We recognize cost reimbursement revenue under collaborative agreements as the related research and development costs are incurred, as provided for under the terms of these agreements. 
 Contingent consideration received for the achievement of a substantive milestone is recognized in its entirety in the period in which the milestone is achieved. A milestone is defined as an event having all of the following characteristics: (i) there is substantive uncertainty at the date the arrangement is entered into that the event will be achieved, (ii) the event can only be achieved based in whole or in part on either the entity s performance or a specific outcome resulting from the entity s performance and (iii) if achieved, the event would result in additional payments being due to the entity. 
 Our license and collaboration agreements with our partners provide for payments to be paid to us upon the achievement of development milestones. Given the challenges inherent in developing biologic products, there is substantial uncertainty whether any such milestones will be achieved at the time we entered into these agreements. In addition, we evaluate whether the development milestones meet the criteria to be considered substantive. The conditions include: (i) the development work is contingent on either of the following: (a) the vendor s performance to achieve the milestone or (b) the enhancement of the value of the deliverable item or items as a result of a specific outcome resulting from the vendor s performance to achieve the milestone; (ii) it relates solely to past performance and (iii) it is reasonable relative to all the deliverable and payment terms within the arrangement. As a result of our analysis, we consider our development milestones to be substantive and, accordingly, we expect to recognize as revenue future payments received from such milestones as we achieve each milestone. 
 Milestone payments that are contingent upon the achievement of substantive at-risk performance criteria are recognized in full upon achievement of those milestone events in accordance with the terms of the agreement and assuming all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. All revenue recognized to date under our collaborative agreements has been nonrefundable. 
 Our license and collaboration agreements with certain partners also provide for contingent payments to be paid to us based solely upon the performance of our partner. For such contingent payments we expect to recognize the payments as revenue upon receipt, provided that revenue recognition criteria have been satisfied. 
 Revenues from manufacturing services are recognized upon meeting the criteria for substantial performance and acceptance by the customer. 
 Revenue from royalty payments is contingent on future sales activities by our licensees. Royalty revenue is recognized when all revenue recognition criteria have been satisfied. 
 Revenue from government and private agency grants is recognized as the related research expenses are incurred and to the extent that funding is approved. Additionally, we recognize revenue based on the facilities and administrative cost rate reimbursable per the terms of the grant awards. 
 8 
 
    Research and Development Expenses and Accruals  
 Research and development expenses include personnel and facility-related expenses, outside contracted services including clinical trial costs, manufacturing and process development costs, research costs and other consulting services and non-cash stock-based compensation. Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Amounts due under contracts with third parties may be either fixed fee or fee for service, and may include upfront payments, monthly payments and payments upon the completion of milestones or receipt of deliverables. Non-refundable advance payments under agreements are capitalized and expensed as the related goods are delivered or services are performed. 
 We contract with third parties to perform various clinical trial activities in the on-going development of potential products. The financial terms of these agreements are subject to negotiation, vary from contract to contract and may result in uneven payment flows to our vendors. Payments under the contracts depend on factors such as the achievement of certain events, successful enrollment of patients, and completion of portions of the clinical trial or similar conditions. Our accrual for clinical trials is based on estimates of the services received and efforts expended pursuant to contracts with clinical trial centers and clinical research organizations. We may terminate these contracts upon written notice and we are generally only liable for actual effort expended by the organizations to the date of termination, although in certain instances we may be further responsible for termination fees and penalties. The Company estimates its research and development expenses and the related accrual as of each balance sheet date based on the facts and circumstances known to the Company at that time.  There have been no material adjustments to the Company s prior period accrued estimates for clinical trial activities through September 30, 2016.  
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
 Accounting Standards Update 2014-09 
 In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued guidance codified in ASC 606, Revenue Recognition   Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which amends the guidance in former ASC 605, Revenue Recognition,  which provides     a single comprehensive     model     for     entities     to use in accounting     for     revenue     arising     from     contracts     with customers     and will supersede     most     current     revenue     recognition     guidance.     This Accounting Standards Update ( ASU )     is     based     on the     principle     that     revenue     is recognized     to depict     the     transfer     of goods or services     to customers     in an amount     that     reflects     the     consideration     to which the     entity     expects     to be entitled     in exchange     for     those     goods or services.     The ASU     also     requires     additional disclosure     about     the     nature,     amount,     timing     and uncertainty     of revenue     and cash     flows     arising     from     customer contracts,     including     significant     judgments     and changes     in judgments     and assets     recognized     from     costs     incurred     to obtain     or fulfill     a contract.    In July 2015, the FASB deferred the effective date for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 (including interim periods within those periods)  , with early application permitted  . The FASB issued supplemental adoption guidance and clarification to ASU 2014-09 in March 2016, April 2016 and May 2016 within ASU 2016-08 "Revenue From Contracts With Customers: Principal vs. Agent Considerations," ASU 2016-10 "Revenue From Contracts with Customers: Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing," and ASU 2016-12 "Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients," respectively.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the provisions of ASC 606 on its financial statements. 
 Accounting Standards Update 2014-15 
 In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40). The ASU requires an entity s management to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern and if those conditions exist, to make the required disclosures. The standard is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016, and interim periods thereafter. The Company believes that the adoption of ASU 2014-15 will not have a material impact on its financial position, results of operations, cash flows, or disclosures. 
 Accounting Standards Update 2016-02 
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases   (Topic 842). The ASU requires management to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities by lessees for all operating leases. The ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods therein on a modified retrospective basis, with early application permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on its financial statements. 
 9 
 
    Accounting Standards Update 2016-09  
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting ( ASU 2016-09 ). The standard is intended to simplify several areas of accounting for share-based compensation arrangements, including the income tax impact, classification on the statement of cash flows and forfeitures. ASU 2016-09 is effective for public business entities for annual periods, including interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2016, with early application permitted.  The Company believes that the adoption of ASU 2016-09 will not have a material impact on its financial position, results of operations, cash flows, or disclosures.  
 Accounting Standards Update 2016-13 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13: Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. ASU 2016-13 requires measurement and recognition of expected credit losses for financial assets held. The ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019 and must be adopted using a modified retrospective approach, with certain exceptions. Early adoption is permitted beginning in the first quarter of 2019. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on its financial statements. 
 Accounting Standards Update 2016-15 
 In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. ASU 2016-15 addresses how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows under Topic 230, Statement of Cash flow, and other Topics. ASU 2016-15 is effective for annual reporting periods, and interim periods therein, beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
   
 2. Fair Value Measurements  
 The Company measures fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The accounting standard describes a fair value hierarchy based on three levels of inputs, of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable, that may be used to measure fair value which are the following:  

Level 1 Observable inputs, such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;      

Level 2 Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not active or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities; and      

Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities; therefore, requiring an entity to develop its own valuation techniques and assumptions.      

 The carrying amounts of cash equivalents, accounts and other receivables, accounts payable and accrued liabilities are considered reasonable estimates of their respective fair value because of their short-term nature. 
 Recurring Fair Value Measurements  
 The following table represents the fair value hierarchy for our financial assets (cash equivalents and marketable securities) measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (in thousands):  

10 

Money market funds are highly liquid investments and are actively traded. The pricing information on these investment instruments is readily available and can be independently validated as of the measurement date. This approach results in the classification of these securities as Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 U.S. Treasuries, U.S. Government agency securities and corporate debt securities are measured at fair value using Level 2 inputs. We review trading activity and pricing for these investments as of each measurement date. When sufficient quoted pricing for identical securities is not available, we use market pricing and other observable market inputs for similar securities obtained from various third party data providers. These inputs represent quoted prices for similar assets in active markets or these inputs have been derived from observable market data. This approach results in the classification of these securities as Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
   
 3. Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities  
 The following is a summary of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities available-for-sale as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (in thousands): 

The maturities of our marketable securities available-for-sale are as follows (in thousands):  

11 

We have classified our entire investment portfolio as available-for-sale and available for use in current operations and accordingly have classified all investments as short-term. Available-for-sale securities are carried at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in stockholders  equity. Realized gains and losses and declines in value, if any, judged to be other than temporary on available-for-sale securities are included in interest income. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method. Management assesses whether declines in the fair value of investment securities are other than temporary. In determining whether a decline is other than temporary, management considers the following factors:  

Whether the investment has been in a continuous realized loss position for over 12 months;      

the duration to maturity of our investments;      

our intention and ability to hold the investments to maturity and if it is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell the investment before recovery of the amortized cost bases;      

the credit rating, financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer; and      

the type of investments made.      

 To date, there have been no declines in fair value that have been identified as other than temporary. 

4. Commitments and Contingencies  
 We lease our facilities in Berkeley, California ( Berkeley Lease ) and D sseldorf, Germany ( D sseldorf Lease ) under operating leases that expire in June 2018 and March 2023, respectively. The Berkeley Lease provides for periods of escalating rent. The total cash payments over the life of the lease are divided by the total number of months in the lease period and the average rent is charged to expense each month during the lease period. We entered into sublease agreements under the D sseldorf Lease for a certain portion of the leased space.  
 Total net rent expense related to our operating leases for three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, was $0.6 million and $0.5 million, respectively. Total net rent expense related to our operating leases for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, was $1.6 million and $1.5 million, respectively. Deferred rent was $0.4 million and $0.5 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  
 Future minimum payments under the non-cancelable portion of our operating leases at September 30, 2016, excluding payments from sublease agreements, are as follows (in thousands): 

In addition to the non-cancelable commitments included above, we have entered into contractual arrangements that obligate us to make payments to the contractual counterparties upon the occurrence of future events. In addition, in the normal course of operations, we have entered into license and other agreements and intend to continue to seek additional rights relating to compounds or technologies in connection with our discovery, manufacturing and development programs. Under the terms of the agreements, we may be required to pay future up-front fees, milestones and royalties on net sales of products originating from the licensed technologies, if any, or other payments contingent upon the occurrence of future events that cannot reasonably be estimated. 
 We rely on and have entered into agreements with research institutions, contract research organizations, clinical investigators and sales and marketing organizations as well as clinical and commercial material manufacturers.   These agreements are terminable by us upon written notice. Generally, we are liable only for actual effort expended by the organizations at any point in time during the contract through the notice period. 
 12 
 
    From time to time, we may be involved in claims, suits, and proceedings arising from the ordinary course of our business, including actions with respect to intellectual   property claims, commercial claims, and other matters. Such claims, suits, and proceedings are inherently uncertain and their results cannot be predicted with certainty. Regardless of the outcome, such legal proceedings can have an adverse impact on us bec  ause of legal costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. In addition, it is possible that a resolution of one or more such proceedings could result in substantial damages, fines, penalties or orders requiring a change in our business prac  tices, which could in the future materially and adversely affect our financial position, financial statements, results of operations, or cash flows in a particular period.  
 On September 7, 2016, Dynavax entered into a Stipulation of Settlement to settle the case entitled  In re Dynavax Technologies Securities Litigation . The settlement, which is subject to final court approval, provides for a payment of $4.1 million by Dynavax and will result in a dismissal and release of all claims against all defendants, including the Company. The settlement will be paid for by the Company s insurers. On October 17, 2016, the court preliminarily approved the settlement and set a hearing date for final approval of February 3, 2017. Based on our assessment that the loss is both probable and reasonably estimable, the Company recorded an accrual of $4.1 million reflected in accrued liabilities on the attached condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Company does not expect any significant additional charges related to this matter. In addition, we record anticipated recoveries under existing insurance contracts when recovery is assured. As the settlement will be paid by our insurers, we have recorded a current asset in the amount of $4.1 million reflected in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the attached condensed consolidated balance sheets. Amounts recorded for contingencies can result from a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties and can rely heavily on estimates and assumptions. For information about the risks associated with estimates and assumptions, see  Use of Estimates  in Note 1. 
   
 5. Collaborative Research and Development Agreements  
 AstraZeneca 
 In September 2006, we entered into a research collaboration and license agreement with AstraZeneca AB ( AstraZeneca ) for the discovery and development of TLR9 agonist-based therapies for the treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. 
 In October 2011, we amended our agreement with AstraZeneca to provide that we would conduct initial clinical development of AZD1419 and AstraZeneca agreed to fund all program expenses to cover the cost of development activities through Phase 2a. Under the terms of the amended agreement, we received an initial payment of $3.0 million in 2011 to begin the clinical development program. We and AstraZeneca agreed to advance AZD1419 towards a Phase 1 clinical trial, which resulted in a development funding payment of $6.0 million received in the fourth quarter of 2012. 
 In January 2014, we amended our agreement with AstraZeneca for the clinical development of AZD1419 whereby responsibility for conducting clinical trials was transferred from Dynavax to AstraZeneca upon completion of the Phase 1 trial. In the first quarter of 2014, we received a $5.4 million payment that was due upon execution of this amended agreement. 
 In December 2014, we amended our agreement with AstraZeneca whereby AstraZeneca would fully fund and Dynavax will conduct a Phase 2a safety and efficacy trial of AZD1419 in patients with asthma. In the fourth quarter of 2014, we received an $8.0 million payment upon execution of this amendment, to be applied towards research and development expenses incurred in conducting the Phase 2a study. 
 In January 2016, we amended our agreement with AstraZeneca whereby AstraZeneca will conduct the Phase 2a safety and efficacy trial of AZD1419 in patients with asthma that originally was to be conducted by Dynavax. Under the terms of the January 2016 amendment, the $8.0 million payment received in December 2014, which was also deferred and was being recognized as research and development expenses were incurred, will be returned to AstraZeneca or applied to future milestone payments that may be earned by us under the agreement, net of amounts we recognized as development work that was performed. We therefore revised the estimated remaining period of performance of development from June 2018 to September 2016. The remaining balance as of December 31, 2015 related to deferred payments of $5.4 million, received in the first quarter of 2014, and $3.0 million, received in 2011, are nonrefundable and were being recognized starting in January 2016 over the estimated remaining period of performance of development work through September 2016. In December 2015, we reclassified $7.4 million of the $8.0 million payment from deferred revenue to a current liability. As of September 30, 2016, the current liability related to the payment was $7.4 million on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 In June 2016, all of Dynavax s remaining contractual obligations under our agreement with AstraZeneca were completed. As no further performance obligations remain, the Company revised the estimated period of performance of development work from September 2016 to June 2016, and recognized remaining deferred revenue as of June 30, 2016. The revision of performance period led to the recognition of an additional $0.8 million in collaboration revenue during the second quarter. 
 13 
 
    Under the terms of this agreement,   as amended, we are eligible to receive up to   $100 million   in additional milestone payments, based on the achievement of certain development and regulatory objectives. Additionally, upon commercialization, we are eligible to receive tiered royalties ranging   from the mid to high single-digits based on product sales of any products originating from the collaboration. We have the option to co-promote in the United States products arising from the collaboration, if any. AstraZeneca has the right to sublicense it  s rights upon our prior consent.  
 The following table summarizes the revenues earned under our agreement with AstraZeneca, included as collaboration revenue in our condensed consolidated statements of operations (in thousands): 

As of September 30, 2016  no deferred revenue from the initial payment, subsequent payment and development funding payments remained. Total deferred revenue from these payments as of  December 31, 2015 was  $2.7 million.  
 Absent early termination, the agreement will expire when all of AstraZeneca s payment obligations expire. AstraZeneca has the right to terminate the agreement at any time upon prior written notice and either party may terminate the agreement early upon written notice if the other party commits an uncured material breach of the agreement. 
 National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) and Other Funding  
 We have been awarded various grants from the NIH and the NIH s National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Disease ( NIAID ) in order to fund research. The awards are related to specific research objectives and we earn revenue as the related research expenses are incurred. We have earned revenue during the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 from the following awards: 

August 2014, the NIH awarded us $0.2 million to fund research in developing a transgenic mouse model to study human TLR9 role in disease.     

May 2012, the NIH awarded us $0.4 million to fund development of TLR8 inhibitors for treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. In February 2016, the NIH awarded us an additional $0.5 million to fund this study.     

August 2010, the NIAID awarded us a grant to take a systems biology approach to study the differences between individuals who do or do not respond to vaccination against the hepatitis B virus. This study is one of several projects conducted under a grant to the Baylor Institute of Immunology Research in Dallas as part of the Human Immune Phenotyping Centers program. We have been awarded a total of $1.4 million under this grant.     

 The following table summarizes the revenues recognized under the various arrangements with the NIH (in thousands):  

6. Net Loss Per Share  
   
 Basic net loss per share is calculated by dividing the net loss by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per share is computed by dividing the net loss by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period and giving effect to all potentially dilutive common shares using the treasury-stock method. For purposes of this calculation, common stock subject to repurchase by us, outstanding options and stock awards are considered to be potentially dilutive common shares and are only included in the calculation of diluted net loss per share when their effect is dilutive. Stock options and stock awards totaling approximately 4,680,000 and 2,990,000 shares of common stock as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, were excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, because the effect of their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. For periods in which the Company has a net loss and no instruments are determined to be dilutive, such as the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, basic and diluted net loss per share are the same. 
 14 

7. Common Stock 
 Common Stock Outstanding 
 As of September 30, 2016, there were 38,526,254 shares of our common stock outstanding. 
  On November 12, 2015, we entered into an At Market Issuance Sales Agreement (the  2015 ATM Agreement ) with Cowen under which we could offer and sell our common stock from time to time up to aggregate sales proceeds of $90 million through Cowen as our sales agent. As of September 30, 2016, we have sold   no shares of common stock under the 2015 ATM Agreement.  

8. Equity Plans and Stock-Based Compensation 
 Option activity under our stock-based compensation plans during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was as follows (in thousands except per share amounts): 

Restricted stock unit activity under our stock-based compensation plans during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was as follows (in thousands except per share amounts): 

The aggregate intrinsic value of the restricted stock units outstanding as of September 30, 2016, based on our stock price on that date, was $5.7 million.  
 As of September 30, 2016, approximately 200,000 shares underlying stock options and restricted stock units awards with performance-based vesting criteria were outstanding. Vesting criteria for these performance-based awards have not been met as of September 30, 2016. 
   
 Under our stock-based compensation plans, option awards generally vest over a three or four-year period contingent upon continuous service, and expire seven to ten years from the date of grant (or earlier upon termination of continuous service). The fair value-based measurement of each option is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model.  
 15 
 
    The fair value-based measurements and weighted-average assumptions used in the calculations of these measurements are as follows:   

We recognized stock-based compensation expense of  $3.7 million and $2.6  million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  We recognized stock-based compensation expense of $10.0 million and $6.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The components of stock-based compensation expense were (in thousands):  

As of September 30, 2016, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested equity awards including all awards with time-based vesting amounted to $24.4 million, which is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted-average vesting period of 2.4 years. Additionally, as of September 30, 2016, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to equity awards with performance-based vesting criteria not deemed probable of vesting amounted to $7.2 million.  
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 The 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended, (the  Purchase Plan ) provides for the purchase of common stock by eligible employees and became effective on May 28, 2014.   The purchase price per share is the lesser of (i) 85% of the fair market value of the common stock on the commencement of the offer period (generally, the sixteenth day in February or August) or (ii) 85% of the fair market value of the common stock on the exercise date, which is the last day of a purchase period (generally, the fifteenth day in February or August). As of September 30, 2016, employees have acquired 45,547 shares of our common stock under the Purchase Plan and 182,474 shares of our common stock remained available for future purchases under the Purchase Plan. 
   
 9. Subsequent Events 
 On October 26, 2016, Dynavax entered into a Note Purchase Agreement (the  Note Purchase Agreement ) with one or more funds of Deerfield Management Company, L.P. (collectively, the  Purchasers ) and one such fund, as collateral agent, pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell, and the Purchasers agreed to purchase, an aggregate of $100.0 million principal amount of the Company s senior secured notes (the  Notes ) for an aggregate purchase price of $100.0 million. The closing of the sale and purchase of the Notes is expected to occur after the Company receives  U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA )  approval for the sale and marketing of HEPLISAV-B and certain other closing conditions are satisfied (the date of such closing, the  Purchase Date ). The Company expects to use the proceeds of the Notes for general corporate purposes, including the commercialization of HEPLISAV-B. The outstanding principal amount of the Notes will accrue interest at a rate equal to 10.375% per annum. The Notes will mature on the fifth anniversary of the Purchase Date, unless earlier prepaid or repurchased. The Company s obligations under the Notes and the Note Purchase Agreement will be required to be guaranteed by certain of the Company s future subsidiaries and will be secured by a perfected security interest in substantially all of the assets of the Company and any future subsidiary guarantors, subject to customary permitted liens and other agreed upon exceptions. 
 16 

ITEM 2.   
 
          M  ANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS      

 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including but not limited to, clinical development timing and progress, the period for which we estimate our cash resources are sufficient, the availability of additional funds, and ability to enter into strategic and licensing arrangements, as well as those set forth under  Risk Factors  and those that may be identified from time to time in our reports and registration statements filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ).  
 The following discussion and analysis is intended to provide an investor with a narrative of our financial results and an evaluation of our financial condition and results of operations. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
 Overview  
 We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company that uses TLR biology to discover and develop novel vaccines and therapeutics. Our development programs are focused on vaccine adjuvants and cancer immunotherapy. Our lead product candidates are HEPLISAV- B TM , an investigational adult hepatitis B vaccine, and SD-101, an investigational cancer immunotherapeutic currently in several phase 1/2 studies.   
 In March 2016, the FDA accepted for review the Biologics License Application ( BLA ) for HEPLISAV-B. The Prescription Drug User Fee Act ( PDUFA ) action date is December 15, 2016. We are working with the FDA to resolve remaining questions regarding the BLA in order to enable the FDA to complete its review by the PDUFA action date. If HEPLISAV-B is approved by the scheduled PDUFA action date of December 15, 2016, we expect to launch the product in the first quarter of 2017. 
 Our lead cancer immunotherapy candidate is SD-101, a C Class CpG TLR9 agonist that was selected for characteristics optimal for treatment of cancer, including high interferon induction. Our SD-101 clinical program is intended to assess the preliminary efficacy of SD-101 in a range of tumors and in combination with a range of treatments. Several Phase 1/2 clinical trials are ongoing or planned. 
 Our most advanced inflammatory disease candidate is AZD1419, which is partnered with AstraZeneca AB ( AstraZeneca ). AZD1419 is designed to change the basic immune response to environmental allergens, such as house dust and pollens, leading to prolonged reduction in asthma symptoms.  We currently expect AstraZeneca to initiate a Phase 2 trial in the fourth quarter of 2016.  
 Our revenues consist of amounts earned from collaborations, grants and fees from services and licenses. Product revenue will depend on our ability to receive regulatory approvals for, and successfully market, our drug candidates. We have yet to generate any revenues from product sales and have recorded an accumulated deficit of $790.4 million as of September 30, 2016. These losses have resulted principally from costs incurred in connection with research and development activities, compensation and other related personnel costs and general corporate expenses. Research and development activities include costs of outside contracted services including clinical trial costs, manufacturing and process development costs, research costs and other consulting services. Salaries and other personnel-related costs include non-cash stock-based compensation associated with options and other equity awards granted to employees. General corporate expenses include outside services such as accounting, consulting, business development, commercial, investor relations, insurance services and legal costs. Our operating results may fluctuate substantially from period to period principally as a result of the timing of preclinical activities and other activities related to clinical trials for our drug candidates. 
 Since our inception, we have relied primarily on the proceeds from public and private sales of our equity securities, government grants and revenues from collaboration agreements to fund our operations. We expect to continue to spend substantial funds in connection with the development and manufacturing of our product candidates, particularly HEPLISAV-B and our investigational cancer immunotherapeutic product candidate, SD-101, human clinical trials for our other product candidates and additional applications and advancement of our technology. Costs relating to our HEPLISAV-B clinical trial, HBV-23, are declining following the last subject visit in October 2015 while costs relating to seeking regulatory approval and preparing for the anticipated commercial launch of HEPLISAV-B in the United States, as well as costs related to the ongoing development of SD-101 and our other cancer immunotherapeutic research and development programs, are increasing. We expect overall expenditures to increase as we seek regulatory approval and prepare for commercial launch of HEPLISAV-B. In order to continue these activities, we may need to raise additional funds. This may occur through strategic alliance and licensing arrangements and/or future public or private debt and equity financings. If adequate funds are not available in the future, we may need to delay, reduce the scope of or put on hold the HEPLISAV-B program or other development programs while we seek strategic alternatives. 
 17 
 
    Critical Accounting Policies and the Use of Estimates   
 The accompanying discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our condensed consolidated financial statements and the related disclosures, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the balance sheet dates and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the periods presented. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, assumptions and judgments described below that have the greatest potential impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements, including those related to revenue recognition, research and development activities and stock-based compensation. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Accounting assumptions and estimates are inherently uncertain and actual results may differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe that there have been no significant changes in our critical accounting policies during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared with those disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
 Results of Operations  
 Revenues  
 Revenues consist of amounts earned from collaborations, grants and services and license fees. Collaboration revenue includes amounts recognized under our collaboration agreements. Grant revenue includes amounts earned under government and private agency grants. Service and license fees include revenues related to research and development and contract manufacturing services, license fees and royalty payments.  
 The following is a summary of our revenues (in thousands, except for percentages): 

Total revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 decreased by $1.0 million, or 86%, as compared to the same period in 2015. Collaboration revenue decreased by $0.8 million due to the conclusion of our work under the research collaboration and license agreement with AstraZeneca for the clinical development of AZD1419. Grant revenue decreased by $0.2 million due to expiration of various contracts with the National Institute of Health in 2015. 
 Total revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $0.4 million, or 11%, as compared to the same period in 2015. Collaboration revenue increased by $0.3 million due to  revision of the performance period, from June 2018 to September 2016, related to payments previously made to us, in the amount of $5.4 million, received in 2014, and $3.0 million, received in 2011, by AstraZeneca under the research collaboration and license agreement for the clinical development of AZD1419.  Service and license revenue increased by $0.4 million due to revenue received from manufacturing services performed on behalf of a third party. Grant revenue decreased by $0.3 million due to expiration of various contracts with the National Institute of Health in 2015. 
 Research and Development Expense  
 Research and development expense consists primarily of compensation and related personnel costs (which include benefits, recruitment, travel and supply costs), outside services, allocated facility costs and non-cash stock-based compensation. Outside services relate to our preclinical experiments and clinical trials, regulatory filings and manufacturing of our product candidates. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, approximately 69% and 81%, respectively, of our total research and development expense, excluding non-cash stock-based compensation, is related to our lead product candidate, HEPLISAV-B. The remainder of our research and development expense results primarily from earlier-stage programs. 
 18 
 
    The following is a summary of our research and development expense (in thousands, except for percentages):  

Research and development expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016, decreased by $0.9 million, or 4%, as compared to the same period in 2015. Compensation and related personnel costs increased by $1.9 million and non-cash stock-based compensation increased by $0.4 million due to an overall increase in employee headcount in preparation for the anticipated approval of HEPLISAV-B and recognition of expense related to share-based awards granted to employees in 2015 and 2016. Facility costs, which includes an  overhead allocation primarily comprised of occupancy and related expenses,  increased $0.6 million primarily due to an overall increase in employee headcount. Outside services expense decreased by $3.8 million primarily due to lower activity related to completion of HBV-23 in October 2015. Although costs relating to HBV-23 are declining, costs relating to seeking regulatory approval, preparation for commercialization of HEPLISAV-B, which include manufacturing activities, and the ongoing development of SD-101, are increasing.  
 Research and development expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, was flat compared to the same period in 2015. Compensation and related personnel costs increased by $5.8 million and non-cash stock-based compensation increased by $1.5 million due to an overall increase in employee headcount in preparation for the anticipated approval of HEPLISAV-B and recognition of expense related to share-based awards granted to employees in 2015 and during the first nine months of 2016. Outside services expense decreased by $9.4 million primarily due to lower activity related to completion of HBV-23 in October 2015. Although costs relating to HBV-23 are declining, costs relating to seeking regulatory approval, preparation for commercialization of HEPLISAV-B and the ongoing development of SD-101, are increasing. Facility costs, which includes an  overhead allocation primarily comprised of occupancy and related expenses , increased $2.2 million primarily due to an overall increase in employee headcount. 
 General and Administrative Expense  
 General and administrative expense consists primarily of compensation and related personnel costs; outside services such as accounting, commercial development services, consulting, business development, investor relations and insurance services; legal costs that include corporate and patent-related expenses; allocated facility costs and non-cash stock-based compensation. 
 The following is a summary of our general and administrative expense (in thousands, except for percentages): 

General and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016, increased by $6.2 million, or 113%, compared to the same period in 2015.  Compensation and related personnel costs increased by $1.3 million due to an overall increase in employee headcount in preparation  for the anticipated commercial launch of HEPLISAV-B in the United States . General and administrative expenses are expected to continue to increase as we prepare for the commercial launch of  HEPLISAV-B  with continued infrastructure spending related primarily to implementation of information technology systems and commercial   
 19 
 
  development.   Non-cash stock-based compensation increased by $  0  .  6   million due to increased an  nual stock option grants in 2016  .     Outsid  e services increased by $  4  .  0   million due to     expenses   related to obtaining a debt financing commitment and retention   of consultants for administrative and commercial development services     for the anticipated commercial launch of HEPLISAV-B  .  
  General and administrative expenses for the nine months ended  September  30, 2016, increased by $13.6 million, or 88%, compared to the same period in 2015. Compensation and related personnel costs increased by $3.7 million due to an overall increase in employee headcount in preparation for the anticipated commercial launch of HEPLISAV-B in the United States. General and administrative expenses are expected to continue to increase as we prepare for the commercial launch of HEPLISAV-B with continued infrastructure spending related primarily to implementation of information technology systems and commercial development. Non-cash stock-based compensation increased by $2.0 million due to increased annual stock option grants in 2016 and nine months of expense related to 2015 annual option grants recognized in 2016. Outside services increased by $7.3 million due   to expenses related to obtaining a debt financing commitment and   retention of consultants for administrative and commercial development services for the anticipated commercial launch of HEPLISAV-B.  
 Interest Income, Interest Expense, Other (Expense) Income, Net and Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 
 Interest income is reported net of amortization of premiums and discounts on marketable securities and realized gains and losses on investments. Interest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 includes interest expense related to the Loan and Security Agreement ( Loan Agreement ) entered into with Hercules Technology Growth Capital, Inc ( Hercules ) in December 2014. In September 2015, the debt was fully repaid. Other (expense) income, net includes gains and losses on foreign currency transactions. The following is a summary of our interest income, interest expense, and other (expense) income, net  and loss on extinguishment of debt  (in thousands, except for percentages): 

Interest income increased by $0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015, due to a marketable security balance containing higher yielding securities. Interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016, decreased by $0.1 million compared to the same period in 2015, due to repayment in September 2015 of the loan under the Loan Agreement. 
 Interest income increased by $0.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015, due to a marketable security balance containing higher yielding securities. Interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, decreased by $0.6 million compared to the same period in 2015, due to repayment in September 2015 of the loan under the Loan Agreement. Other (expense) income, net for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased by $0.3 million due to a loss on foreign currency transactions resulting from fluctuations in the value of the Euro compared to the U.S. dollar, withholding taxes paid in Europe, and lower amount of insurance reimbursement. 
 Other (expense) income, net includes $4.1 million of loss contingency related to the agreement to settle the case entitled  In re Dynavax Technologies Securities Litigation.  This expense was offset by $4.1 million in other income as the settlement will be paid for by the Company s insurers. For more information about the Company s settlement, see Note 4,  Commitments and Contingencies , in our Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 In September 2015, we recognized a one-time loss on extinguishment of debt of $1.7 million related to the early repayment of the outstanding loan from Hercules. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of September 30, 2016, we had $109.6  million in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. Since our inception, we have relied primarily on the proceeds from public and private sales of our equity securities, government grants and revenues from collaboration agreements to fund our operations. Our funds are currently invested in short-term money market funds, U.S. Treasuries, U.S. Government agency securities and corporate debt securities.  
 20 
 
    In October   2016, Dynavax entered into a Note Purchase Agreement with one or more funds of Deerfield Management Company, L.P., pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell, and the Purchasers agreed to purchase, an aggregate of $100.0 million princ  ipal amount of the   Company s senior secured notes   for an aggregate pu  rchase price of $100.0 million.   The closing of the sale and purchase of the   senior secured notes   is expected to occur after the Company receives FDA approval for the sale and marketing of   HEPLISAV-B and certain other closing conditions are satisfied  . The Company expects to use the proceeds of the notes for general corporate purposes, including the commercialization of HEPLISAV-B.  
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we used $80.8 million of cash for our operations primarily due to our net loss of $90.7 million, of which $12.4 million consisted of non-cash charges such as stock-based compensation, depreciation and amortization and accretion and amortization on marketable securities. By comparison, during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we used $70.7 million of cash for our operations primarily due to a net loss of $79.9 million, of which $9.9 million consisted of non-cash charges such as stock-based compensation, depreciation and amortization and accretion and amortization on marketable securities. Cash used in our operations during the first nine months of 2016 increased by $10.1 million. Net cash used in operating activities is impacted by changes in our operating assets and liabilities due to timing of cash receipts and expenditures. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net cash provided by investing activities was $58.1 million compared to $49.2 million of cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Cash provided by investing activities during the first nine months of 2016 included $64.6 million of net proceeds of marketable securities compared with $45.0 million of net purchases of marketable securities during the first nine months of 2015. Cash used in net purchases of property plant and equipment increased by $2.3 million during the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to upgrades made to our manufacturing facility. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, net cash provided by financing activities was $0.7 million and $173.7 million, respectively. Cash provided by financing activities in the first nine months of 2015 included net proceeds of $134.9 million from a public offering and net proceeds of $49.0 million from the issuance of common stock under our November 2014  At Market Issuance Sales Agreement . During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we received proceeds of $0.7 million from exercises of options as well as employee purchases of our common stock under the 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 We have incurred significant operating losses and negative cash flows from operations since our inception. As of September 30, 2016, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of $109.6 million. We have determined that we have adequate plans in place regarding the ability to meet anticipated cash needs within one year after the date of these financial statements. We expect to continue to spend substantial funds in connection with the development and manufacturing of our product candidates, particularly HEPLISAV-B and our investigational cancer immunotherapeutic product candidate, SD-101, human clinical trials for our other product candidates and additional applications and advancement of our technology. Costs relating to HBV-23 research and development expense are declining following the last subject visit in October 2015 while costs relating to seeking regulatory approval and preparing for the anticipated commercial launch of HEPLISAV-B in the United States, as well as costs related to the ongoing development of SD-101, are increasing. We expect overall expenditures to increase as we seek regulatory approval and prepare for commercial launch of HEPLISAV-B. In order to continue these activities, we may need to raise additional funds. This may occur through strategic alliance and licensing arrangements and/or future public or private debt or equity financings. Sufficient funding may not be available, or if available, may be on terms that significantly dilute or otherwise adversely affect the rights of existing stockholders. If adequate funds are not available in the future, we may need to delay, reduce the scope of or put on hold the HEPLISAV-B program or other development programs while we seek strategic alternatives, which could have an adverse impact on our ability to achieve our intended business objectives. 
 Contractual Obligations  
 We lease our facilities in Berkeley, California, and D sseldorf, Germany under operating leases that expire in June 2018 and March 2023, respectively. 
 In addition to the non-cancelable commitments included above, we have entered into contractual arrangements that obligate us to make payments to the contractual counterparties upon the occurrence of future events. In addition, in the normal course of operations, we have entered into license and other agreements and intend to continue to seek additional rights relating to compounds or technologies in connection with our discovery, manufacturing and development programs. Under the terms of the agreements, we may be required to pay future up-front fees, milestones and royalties on net sales of products originating from the licensed technologies, if any, or other payments contingent upon the occurrence of future events that cannot reasonably be estimated. 
 We rely on and have entered into agreements with research institutions, contract research organizations, clinical investigators and sales and marketing organizations as well as clinical and commercial material manufacturers. These agreements are terminable by us upon written notice. Generally, we are liable only for actual effort expended by the organizations at any point in time during the contract through the notice period. 
 21 
 
    Off-balance Sheet Arrangements   
 We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined by rules enacted by the SEC and, accordingly, no such arrangements are likely to have a current or future effect on our financial position. 

ITEM 3.   
 
     QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    

 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk  
 Interest Rate Risk  
 We are subject to interest rate risk. Our investment portfolio is maintained in accordance with our investment policy, which defines allowable investments, specifies credit quality standards and limits the credit exposure of any single issuer. The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal and, secondarily, to maximize income we receive from our investments without significantly increasing risk. Some of the securities that we invest in may have market risk. This means that a change in prevailing interest rates may cause the principal amount of the investment to fluctuate. To minimize this risk, we maintain our portfolio of cash equivalents and investments in short-term money market funds, U.S. Treasuries, U.S. Government agency securities and corporate debt securities. We do not invest in auction rate securities or securities collateralized by home mortgages, mortgage bank debt or home equity loans. We do not have derivative financial instruments in our investment portfolio. To assess our risk, we calculate that if interest rates were to rise or fall from current levels by 100 basis points or by 125 basis points, the pro forma change in fair value of our unrealized loss or gain on investments would be $0.6 million or $0.8 million, respectively. 
 Due to the short duration and conservative nature of our cash equivalents and marketable securities, we do not expect any material loss with respect to our investment portfolio.  
 Foreign Currency Risk  
 We have certain investments outside the U.S. for the operations of Dynavax GmbH with exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations. The cumulative translation adjustment reported in the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2016 was $2.4 million primarily related to translation of Dynavax GmbH assets, liabilities and operating results from Euros to U.S. dollars. As of September 30, 2016, the effect of our exposure to these exchange rate fluctuations has not been material, and we do not expect it to become material in the foreseeable future. We do not hedge our foreign currency exposures and have not used derivative financial instruments for speculation or trading purposes. 
 22 

ITEM 4.   
 
          C  ONTROLS AND PROCEDURES      

 (a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures  
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act )) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance of achieving the desired control objectives.  
 Based on their evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective and were operating at the reasonable assurance level to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms.  
 (b) Changes in internal controls  
 There has been no change in our internal controls over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a   15(f) under the Exchange Act during our most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting.  
 23 
 
        P  ART II. OTHER INFOR  MATION   

ITEM 1.   
 
     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS     

 From time to time in the ordinary course of business, Dynavax Technologies Corporation ( we,   our,   us,   Dynavax  or the  Company ) receive claims or allegations regarding various matters, including employment, vendor and other similar situations in the conduct of our operations.  
 On June 18, 2013, the first of two substantially similar securities class action complaints was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California against the Company and certain of its former executive officers. The second was filed on June 26, 2013. On August 22, 2013, these two complaints and all related actions that subsequently may be filed in, or transferred to, the District Court were consolidated into a single case entitled  In re Dynavax Technologies Securities Litigation . On September 27, 2013, the Court appointed a lead plaintiff and lead counsel. On November 12, 2013, lead plaintiff filed his consolidated class action complaint (the  consolidated complaint ), which named a former director of the Company as a defendant in addition to the Company and the former executive officers identified in the two prior complaints (collectively, the  defendants ). The consolidated complaint alleged that between April 26, 2012 and June 10, 2013, the Company and certain of its executive officers and directors violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, in connection with statements related to the Company s product, HEPLISAV-B, an investigational adult hepatitis B vaccine. The consolidated complaint sought unspecified damages, interest, attorneys  fees, and other costs. On January 10, 2014, defendants filed a motion to dismiss the consolidated complaint.  
 On March 10, 2014, plaintiffs filed an opposition to the motion to dismiss the consolidated complaint. The opposition introduced a new theory of the case, so defendants permitted plaintiffs to amend their complaint. On April 7, 2014, plaintiffs filed an amended consolidated complaint ( ACC ). The ACC added a new plaintiff and several new defendants, and alleged that, between April 26, 2012 and June 10, 2013, the Company, certain of its executive officers and directors, and entities related to certain of its directors, violated Sections 10(b), 20A, and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder in connection with statements related to our product candidate, HEPLISAV-B. Specifically, the ACC alleged that the Company made fraudulent misrepresentations or omissions regarding the manufacture of HEPLISAV-B and that certain insiders unlawfully profited from such misrepresentations or omissions. The ACC sought unspecified damages, interest, attorneys  fees, and other costs. On June 6, 2014, defendants filed a motion to dismiss the ACC. On August 8, 2014, plaintiffs filed their Opposition to that motion. 
 On September 10, 2014, plaintiffs filed the second amended complaint ( SAC ) to remove or correct erroneous statements attributed to confidential witnesses. The SAC retains all allegations asserted in the ACC. On October 10, 2014, defendants filed a motion to dismiss the SAC. On November 10, 2014, plaintiffs filed an opposition to the Company s motion to dismiss the SAC. The Company filed its reply in support of the motion on December 1, 2014. 
 A hearing on the motion to dismiss the SAC occurred on February 20, 2015. The Court granted the motion with respect to some of the alleged misrepresentations and omissions made by the Company or certain named defendants as well as some of the insider trading claims against certain insiders and denied the motion to dismiss with respect to other alleged misrepresentations and omissions and insider trading claims. The Company filed an answer to the SAC on April 6, 2015. On September 7, 2016, the parties signed the Stipulation of Settlement, which provides for a payment of $4.5 million by the defendants, of which Dynavax is responsible for $4.1 million, and will result in a dismissal and release of all claims against the defendants in connection with the securities class action, upon final court approval. The settlement will be paid for by the Company s insurance carriers. On October 17, 2016, the Court preliminarily approved the settlement and set a hearing for final approval for February 3, 2017.  
 Additionally, on July 3, 2013, a purported stockholder derivative complaint was filed in the Superior Court of California for the County of Alameda against certain of our current and former executive officers and directors. On August 9, 2013, a substantially similar purported stockholder derivative complaint was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California. The derivative complaints allege breaches of fiduciary duties by the defendants and other violations of law. In general, the complaints allege that the defendants caused or allowed for the dissemination of materially false and misleading statements regarding our product, HEPLISAV-B. Plaintiffs are seeking unspecified monetary damages, including restitution from defendants, attorneys  fees and costs, and other relief.  
 On August 21, 2013, pursuant to a stipulation between the parties, the State Court stayed the state derivative case pending a decision on the Company s motion to dismiss in the  In re Dynavax Technologies Securities Litigation . On October 17, 2013, pursuant to a stipulation between the parties, the federal court stayed the federal derivative case pending a decision on the Company s motion to dismiss in the  In re Dynavax Technologies Securities Litigation . On May 8, 2015, the parties filed a stipulation to keep the state derivative case stayed until a final resolution in the  In re Dynavax Technologies Securities Litigation . On May 15, 2015, the parties also stipulated to keep the federal derivative case stayed until a final resolution in the  In re Dynavax Technologies Securities Litigation . 
 The Company believes that it has meritorious defenses and intends to defend these lawsuits vigorously. However, the lawsuits are subject to inherent uncertainties, the actual costs may be significant, and we may not prevail. We believe we are entitled to coverage under our relevant insurance policies with respect to these lawsuits, but coverage could be denied or prove to be insufficient. 
 24 

ITEM 1A.   
 
          R  ISK FACTORS      

 Various statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are forward-looking statements concerning our future efforts to obtain regulatory approval, timing of development activities, expenses, revenues, liquidity and cash needs, as well as our plans and strategies. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and we assume no obligation to update this information. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ significantly from the results described in these forward-looking statements, including the following risk factors. We have marked with an asterisk (*) those risks described below that reflect substantive changes from, or additions to, the risks described under Part 1, Item 1A  Risk Factors  included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 that was filed with the SEC on March 8, 2016. 
 Risks Related to our Business  
 The success of our product candidates, in particular HEPLISAV-B, depends on regulatory approval. The FDA or foreign regulatory agencies may determine our clinical trials or other data regarding safety, efficacy, consistency of manufacture or compliance with GMP regulations are insufficient for regulatory approval. Failure to obtain regulatory approvals could require us to discontinue operations.*  
 None of our product candidates has been approved for sale by any regulatory agency. Any product candidate we develop is subject to extensive regulation by federal, state and local governmental authorities in the U.S., including the FDA, and foreign regulatory agencies. Our success is primarily dependent on our ability to obtain regulatory approvals for our most advanced product candidates. Approval processes in the U.S. and in other countries are uncertain, can take many years and require the expenditure of substantial resources, and we are unable to predict the timing of when regulatory approval may be received, if ever, in any jurisdiction. 
 For our lead product, HEPLISAV-B, our BLA has been submitted and is under review. In the U.S., our BLA must be approved by the FDA and corresponding applications to foreign regulatory agencies must be approved by those agencies before we may sell the product in their respective geographic area. Obtaining approval of a BLA and corresponding foreign applications is highly uncertain and we may fail to obtain approval. The BLA review process is extensive, lengthy, expensive and uncertain, and the FDA or foreign regulatory agencies may delay, limit or deny approval of our application for many reasons, including: whether the data from our clinical trials, including the Phase 3 results, or the development program are satisfactory to the FDA or foreign regulatory agency; disagreement with the number, design, size, conduct or implementation of our clinical trials or a conclusion that the data fails to meet statistical or clinical significance or safety requirements; acceptability of data generated at our clinical trial sites that are monitored by third party contract research organizations ( CROs  the results of an advisory committee that may recommend against approval of our BLA or may recommend that the FDA or other agencies require, as a condition for approval, additional preclinical studies or clinical trials; and deficiencies in our manufacturing processes or facilities or those of our third party contract manufacturers and suppliers, if any. For example, in our 2013 Complete Response Letter ( CRL ), HEPLISAV-B was not approvable for the proposed indication based on insufficient patient safety data for an indication in adults 18-70 years of age without further evaluation of safety. While we have conducted a study intended to obtain additional safety data information and have submitted the study results to the FDA, there can be no assurance that this additional clinical study will support approval, or that the data will provide acceptable immunogenicity data for patients with diabetes. In our 2013 CRL, the FDA also requested additional data from our manufacturing process validation program as well as clarifying information on the manufacturing controls and facilities in our D sseldorf manufacturing facility (our wholly-owned subsidiary, Dynavax GmbH) with respect to quality assurance of commercial product. We resubmitted our BLA and it is under review, but there can be no assurance that we have successfully produced the requisite data in a manner sufficient for approval in the U.S., and the timing for FDA completion of its review is uncertain. 
 In February 2014, we announced our withdrawal of our Marketing Authorization Application ( MAA ) for approval to the EMA. The Day 180 List of Outstanding Issues ( LOI ) provided by the EMA indicated that, based primarily on the Good Clinical Practices ( GCP ) inspection findings, Study HBV-17 was not acceptable without additional assurances regarding the study results and, because some of the findings were related to our overall GCP compliance systems, the other pivotal HEPLISAV-B studies (HBV-10 and HBV-16) were questioned by the EMA. The LOI also noted that the HEPLISAV-B safety database was considered to be too small to rule out a risk of less common serious adverse events, particularly in light of the GCP concerns. We withdrew the application, in part, because the required time frame for response under the MAA procedure was not long enough to permit the collection of the necessary clinical data. 
 In addition, we obtain guidance from regulatory authorities on certain aspects of our clinical development activities and seek to comply with written guidelines provided by the authorities. These discussions and written guidelines are not binding obligations on the part of the regulatory authorities and the regulatory authorities may require additional patient data or studies to be conducted. Regulatory authorities may revise or retract previous guidance during the course of a clinical trial or after completion of the trial. The authorities may also disqualify a clinical trial from consideration in support of approval of a potential product if they deem the guidelines have not been met. The FDA or foreign regulatory agencies may determine our clinical trials or other data regarding safety, efficacy or consistency of manufacture or compliance with GMP regulations are insufficient for regulatory approval. 
 25 
 
    Failure to receive approval or signif  icant delay in   obtaining an FDA decision on whether to   approv  e   our BLA for HEPLISAV-B would have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.   For example, following filing of the BLA we received     a request from the FDA for additional   information and subsequently received a notification from the FDA that it had extended our previously established PDUFA action date, due to the amount of information submitted in response to its request for additional information, by three months to Decem  ber 15, 2016  . In connection with its review of the BLA, the FDA has sent the company additional requests for information, a  nd we have provided responses.   The FDA could determine that our responses require more time to complete the review of the BLA and the   FDA could thus further delay the PDUFA date, or it could determine that the responses are not sufficient to support approval of the BLA. Even if approved, the labeling approved by the relevant regulatory authority for a product may restrict   how and   to who  m we and our potential   partners, if any, may market the product or the manner in which our product may be administered and sold, which could significantly limit the commercial opportunity for such product.  
 Before granting product approval, the FDA must determine that our or our third party contractors  manufacturing facilities meet GMP requirements before we can use them in the commercial manufacture of our products. We and all of our contract manufacturers are required to comply with the applicable GMP regulations. Manufacturers of biological products must also comply with the FDA s general biological product standards. In addition, GMP regulations require quality control and quality assurance as well as the corresponding maintenance of records and documentation sufficient to ensure the quality of the approved product. Failure to comply with the statutory and regulatory requirements subjects the manufacturer to possible legal or regulatory action, such as delay of approval, suspension of manufacturing, seizure of product or voluntary recall of a product. 
 The FDA may require more clinical trials for our product candidates than we currently expect or are conducting before granting regulatory approval, if regulatory approval is granted at all. Our clinical trials may be extended which may lead to substantial delays in the regulatory approval process for our product candidates, which will impair our ability to generate revenues. 
 Our registration and commercial timelines depend on further discussions with the FDA and corresponding foreign regulatory agencies and requirements and requests they may make for additional data or completion of additional clinical trials. Any such requirements or requests could: 

adversely affect our ability to timely and successfully commercialize or market these product candidates;     

result in significant additional costs;     

potentially diminish any competitive advantages for those products;     

potentially limit the markets for those products;     

adversely affect our ability to enter into collaborations or receive milestone payments or royalties from potential collaborators;     

cause us to abandon the development of the affected product candidate; or     

limit our ability to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms, if at all.      

 Clinical trials for our product candidates are expensive and time consuming, may take longer than we expect or may not be completed at all, and their outcomes are uncertain. 
 We are currently undertaking clinical trials of SD-101 and expect to commence clinical trials for other product candidates in the future. Each of our clinical trials requires the investment of substantial planning, expense and time and the timing of the commencement, continuation and completion of these clinical trials may be subject to significant delays relating to various causes, including scheduling conflicts with participating clinicians and clinical institutions, difficulties in identifying and enrolling participants who meet trial eligibility criteria, failure of participants to complete the clinical trial, delay or failure to obtain Institutional Review Board ( IRB ) or regulatory approval to conduct a clinical trial at a prospective site, unexpected adverse events and shortages of available drug supply. Participant enrollment is a function of many factors, including the size of the relevant population, the proximity of participants to clinical sites, the eligibility criteria for the trial, the existence of competing clinical trials and the availability of alternative or new treatments. 
 Failure by us or our CROs to conduct a clinical study in accordance with GCP standards and other applicable regulatory requirements could result in disqualification of the clinical trial from consideration in support of approval of a potential product. 
 We are responsible for conducting our clinical trials consistent with GCP standards and for oversight of our vendors to ensure that they comply with such standards. We depend on medical institutions and CROs to conduct our clinical trials in compliance with GCP. To the extent that they fail to comply with GCP standards, fail to enroll participants for our clinical trials, or are delayed for a significant time in the execution of our trials, including achieving full enrollment, we may be affected by increased costs, program delays or both, which may harm our business. 
 26 
 
    Clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with FDA or other applicable foreign government guidelines and are subject to oversight by the FDA, other foreign governmental agencies and IRBs at the medical   institutions where the clinical trials are conducted. In addition, clinical trials must be conducted with supplies of our product candidates produced under GMP and other requirements in foreign countries, and may require large numbers of participants.  
 The FDA or other foreign governmental agencies or we ourselves could delay, suspend or halt our clinical trials of a product candidate for numerous reasons, including: 

deficiencies in the trial design;     

deficiencies in the conduct of the clinical trial including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or clinical protocols;     

deficiencies in the clinical trial operations or trial sites resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold;     

the product candidate may have unforeseen adverse side effects, including fatalities, or a determination may be made that a clinical trial presents unacceptable health risks;     

the time required to determine whether the product candidate is effective may be longer than expected;     

fatalities or other adverse events arising during a clinical trial that may not be related to clinical trial treatments;     

the product candidate may appear to be no more effective than current therapies;     

the quality or stability of the product candidate may fail to conform to acceptable standards;     

our inability to produce or obtain sufficient quantities of the product candidate to complete the trials;     

our inability to reach agreement on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites;     

our inability to obtain IRB approval to conduct a clinical trial at a prospective site;     

our inability to obtain regulatory approval to conduct a clinical trial;     

lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial, including the occurrence of unforeseen costs due to enrollment delays, requirements to conduct additional trials and studies and increased expenses associated with the services of our CROs and other third parties;     

our inability to recruit and enroll individuals to participate in clinical trials for reasons including competition from other clinical trial programs for the same or similar indications; or     

our inability to retain participants who have initiated a clinical trial but may withdraw due to side effects from the therapy, lack of efficacy or personal issues, or who are lost to further follow-up.     

 In addition, we may experience significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials, even after promising results in earlier trials, such as unexpected adverse events that occur when our product candidates are combined with other therapies and drugs or given to larger populations, which often occur in later-stage clinical trials. In addition, clinical results are frequently susceptible to varying interpretations that may delay, limit or prevent regulatory approvals. Also, patient advocacy groups and parents of trial participants may demand additional clinical trials or continued access to drug even if our interpretation of clinical results received thus far leads us to determine that additional clinical trials or continued access are unwarranted. Any disagreement with patient advocacy groups or parents of trial participants may require management s time and attention and may result in legal proceedings being instituted against us, which could be expensive, time-consuming and distracting, and may result in delay of the program. Negative or inconclusive results or adverse medical events, including participant fatalities that may be attributable to our product candidates, during a clinical trial may necessitate that it be redesigned, repeated or terminated. Further, some of our clinical trials may be overseen by a DSMB, and the DSMB may determine to delay or suspend one or more of these trials due to safety or futility findings based on events occurring during a clinical trial. Any such delay, suspension, termination or request to repeat or redesign a trial could increase our costs and prevent or significantly delay our ability to commercialize our product candidates. 
 HEPLISAV-B and most of our earlier stage programs rely on oligonucleotide TLR agonists. Serious adverse event data relating to either 1018 or other TLR agonists may require us to reduce the scope of or discontinue our operations. 
 27 
 
    HEPLISAV-B incorporates 1018, a TLR9 agonist C  p  G oligonucleotide, and most of our research and development programs use similar oligonucleotides. If any of our product candidates in clinical trials produce serious adverse event data,   we may be required to delay, discontinue or modify our clinical trials or our clinical trial strategy. Most of our clinical product candidates contain oligonucleotides, and if a common safety risk across therapeutic areas were identified, it may hinder ou  r ability to enter into potential collaboration arrangements or commercialize our product candidates. In the past, our clinical trials have identified patients with rare disease adverse events that were reviewed by the FDA in the context of our development   efforts and submissions for FDA approval. If adverse event data are found to apply to our TLR agonist and/or inhibitor technology as a whole, we may be required to significantly reduce or discontinue our operations.  
 We have no commercialization experience, and the time and resources to develop sales, marketing and distribution capabilities for HEPLISAV-B are significant. If we fail to achieve and sustain commercial success for HEPLISAV-B, either independently or with a partner, our business would be harmed. 
 If our lead product candidate, HEPLISAV-B, is approved, we will need us to establish sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, or make arrangements with third parties to perform these services. These efforts will require resources and time and we may not be able to enter into these arrangements on acceptable terms. In particular, significant resources may be necessary to successfully market, sell and distribute HEPLISAV-B to patients with diabetes, a group recommended by the CDC and ACIP to receive hepatitis B vaccination. Moreover, our pricing and reimbursement strategies with respect to our initial approval plans for HEPLISAV-B may significantly impact our ability to achieve commercial success in this potential patient population. 
 If we, or our partners, if any, are not successful in setting our marketing, pricing and reimbursement strategy, recruiting sales and marketing personnel or in building a sales and marketing infrastructure, we will have difficulty commercializing HEPLISAV-B, which would adversely affect our business and financial condition. To the extent we rely on other pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies with established sales, marketing and distribution systems to market HEPLISAV-B, we will need to establish and maintain partnership arrangements, and we may not be able to enter into these arrangements on acceptable terms or at all. To the extent that we enter into co-promotion or other arrangements, certain revenues we receive will depend upon the efforts of third parties, which may not be successful and are only partially in our control. 
 We rely on our facility in D sseldorf, Germany   and third parties to supply materials or perform processes necessary to manufacture our product candidates. We rely on a limited number of suppliers to produce the oligonucleotide we will require for commercialization. Additionally, we have limited experience in manufacturing our product candidates in commercial quantities. 
 We rely on our facility in D sseldorf and third parties to perform the multiple processes involved in manufacturing our product candidates, including 1018 and SD-101, certain antigens, the combination of the oligonucleotide and the antigens, and the formulation, fill and finish. Regulatory or other limitations on our ability to use our manufacturing facility or the termination or interruption of relationships with key suppliers may occur due to circumstances that are outside of our control, resulting in higher cost or delays in our product development or commercialization efforts. 
 We have relied on a limited number of suppliers to produce oligonucleotides for clinical trials and a single supplier to produce our 1018 for HEPLISAV-B. To date, we have manufactured only small quantities of oligonucleotides ourselves for development purposes. If we were unable to maintain our existing supplier for 1018, we would have to establish an alternate qualified manufacturing capability, which would result in significant additional operating costs and delays in developing and commercializing our product candidates, particularly HEPLISAV-B. We or other third parties may not be able to produce 1018 at a cost, quantity and quality that are available from our current third-party supplier or at all. 
 We currently utilize our facility in D sseldorf to manufacture rHBsAg for HEPLISAV-B. The commercial manufacturing of biological products is a time-consuming and complex process, which must be performed in compliance with GMP regulations. As part of the review of our BLA filing for HEPLISAV-B, the FDA requested additional data regarding our manufacturing process validation program as well as clarifying information on the manufacturing controls and facilities and there can be no assurance that our responses will be sufficient to meet the FDA requirements for GMP manufacturing or that our resubmission of the BLA will include information sufficient to support the approval of HEPLISAV-B by the FDA. 
 In addition, we may not be able to comply with ongoing and comparable foreign regulations, and our manufacturing process may be subject to delays, disruptions or quality control/quality assurance problems. Noncompliance with these regulations or other problems with our manufacturing process may limit, delay or disrupt the commercialization of HEPLISAV-B and could result in significant expense. Moreover, depending on the level of market acceptance of HEPLISAV-B, if approved, we may not have the capacity in our existing facility to meet all of our future commercial supply needs. Our current manufacturing capacity could supply up to approximately 2 million doses of rHBsAg annually, and our ability to expand D sseldorf manufacturing capacity by improving utilization in our existing facility, improving upon our current production yields or using a new facility will take time to implement and could result in substantial cost. In the event that demand exceeds our current capacity and stockpile plans, we may experience a shortage in supply of HEPLISAV-B, which could have a material adverse effect on the success of HEPLISAV-B. Likewise, in the event that HEPLISAV-B is not approved, we would have to consider other alternatives for the facility in D sseldorf, including its sale or closure, and any such efforts would be complex, expensive, and time-consuming. 
 28 
 
    If we receive regulatory approval   for our product candidates, we will be subject to ongoing FDA and foreign regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review.  
 We and our third party suppliers are required to comply with applicable GMP regulations and other international regulatory requirements. The regulations require that our product candidates be manufactured and our records maintained in a prescribed manner with respect to manufacturing, testing and quality control/quality assurance activities. Suppliers of key components and materials must be named in a BLA submitted to the FDA for any product candidate for which we are seeking FDA approval. Additionally, these third parties and our manufacturing facility must undergo a pre-approval inspection before we can obtain marketing authorization for any of our product candidates. Even after a manufacturer has been qualified by the FDA, the manufacturer must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality control to ensure full compliance with GMP. Manufacturers are subject to regular, periodic inspections by the FDA following initial approval. Further, to the extent that we contract with third parties for the manufacture of our products, our ability to control third-party compliance with FDA requirements will be limited to contractual remedies and rights of inspection. 
 If, as a result of the FDA s inspections, it determines that the equipment, facilities, laboratories or processes do not comply with applicable FDA regulations and conditions of product approval, the FDA may not approve the product or may suspend the manufacturing operations. If the manufacturing operations of any of the suppliers for our product candidates are suspended, we may be unable to generate sufficient quantities of commercial or clinical supplies of product to meet market demand, which would harm our business. In addition, if delivery of material from our suppliers were interrupted for any reason, we might be unable to ship our approved product for commercial supply or to supply our products in development for clinical trials. Significant and costly delays can occur if the qualification of a new supplier is required. 
 Any regulatory approvals that we receive for our product candidates are likely to contain requirements for post-marketing follow-up studies, which may be costly. Product approvals, once granted, may be modified based on data from subsequent studies or commercial use. As a result, limitations on labeling indications or marketing claims, or withdrawal from the market may be required if problems occur after commercialization. 
 Failure to comply with regulatory requirements could prevent or delay marketing approval or require the expenditure of money or other resources to correct. Failure to comply with applicable requirements may also result in warning letters, fines, injunctions, civil penalties, recall or seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production, refusal of the government to renew marketing applications and criminal prosecution, any of which could be harmful to our ability to generate revenues and our stock price. 
 We may develop, seek regulatory approval for and market our product candidates outside the U.S., requiring a significant commitment of resources. Failure to successfully manage our international operations could result in significant unanticipated costs and delays in regulatory approval or commercialization of our product candidates. 
 We may seek to introduce certain of our product candidates, including HEPLISAV-B, in various markets outside the U.S. Developing, seeking regulatory approval for and marketing our product candidates outside the U.S. could impose substantial burdens on our resources and divert management s attention from domestic operations. International operations are subject to risk, including: 

the difficulty of managing geographically distant operations, including recruiting and retaining qualified employees, locating adequate facilities and establishing useful business support relationships in the local community;     

compliance with varying international regulatory requirements, laws and treaties;     

securing international distribution, marketing and sales capabilities;     

adequate protection of our intellectual property rights;     

obtaining regulatory and pricing approvals at a level sufficient to justify commercialization;     

legal uncertainties and potential timing delays associated with tariffs, export licenses and other trade barriers;     

diverse tax consequences;     

the fluctuation of conversion rates between foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar; and     

regional and geopolitical risks.     

 We have withdrawn our MAA for HEPLISAV-B in Europe and we may not be able to provide sufficient data or respond to other comments to our previously filed MAA sufficient to obtain regulatory approvals in Europe in a reasonable time period or at all. Any failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one jurisdiction may have a negative effect on the regulatory approval process in other jurisdictions. If we are unable to successfully manage our international operations, we may incur significant unanticipated costs and delays in regulatory approval or commercialization of our product candidates, which would impair our ability to generate revenues. 
 29 
 
    If any products we develop are not accepted by the market or if regulatory   agencies limit our labeling indications, require labeling content that diminishes market uptake of our products or limits our marketing claims, we may be unable to generate significant revenues, if any.  
 Even if we obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates and are able to commercialize them, our products may not gain market acceptance among physicians, patients, healthcare payors and the medical community. 
 The degree of market acceptance of any of our approved products will depend upon a number of factors, including: 

the indication for which the product is approved and its approved labeling;     

the presence of other competing approved therapies;     

the potential advantages of the product over existing and future treatment methods;     

the relative convenience and ease of administration of the product;     

the strength of our sales, marketing and distribution support;     

the price and cost-effectiveness of the product; and     

sufficient third-party reimbursement.      

 The FDA or other regulatory agencies could limit the labeling indication for which our product candidates may be marketed or could otherwise limit marketing efforts for our products. If we are unable to achieve approval or successfully market any of our product candidates, or marketing efforts are restricted by regulatory limits, our ability to generate revenues could be significantly impaired. 
 We face uncertainty regarding coverage, pricing and reimbursement and the practices of third party payors, which may make it difficult or impossible to sell our product candidates on commercially reasonable terms. 
 In both domestic and foreign markets, our ability to achieve profitability will depend in part on the negotiation of a favorable price or the availability of appropriate reimbursement from third party payors, in particular for HEPLISAV-B where existing products are already marketed. While in the U.S., pricing for hepatitis B vaccines is currently stable and reimbursement is favorable as private and public payors recognize the value of prophylaxis in this setting given the high costs of potential morbidity and mortality, there can be no assurance that HEPLISAV-B would launch with stable pricing and favorable reimbursement. 
 Existing laws affecting the pricing and coverage of pharmaceuticals and other medical products by government programs and other third party payors may change before any of our product candidates are approved for marketing. In addition, third party payors are increasingly challenging the price and cost-effectiveness of medical products and services, and pricing and reimbursement decisions may not allow our products to compete effectively with existing or competitive products. Because we intend to offer products, if approved, that involve new technologies and new approaches to treating disease, the willingness of third party payors to reimburse for our products is uncertain. We will have to charge a price for our products that is sufficient to enable us to recover our considerable investment in product development and our operating costs. Adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available to enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to achieve profitability and could harm our future prospects and reduce our stock price. 
 We are unable to predict what impact the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 or other reform legislation will have on our business or future prospects. The uncertainty as to the nature and scope of the implementation of any proposed reforms limits our ability to forecast changes that may affect our business. In Europe, the success of our products, in particular HEPLISAV-B, will depend largely on obtaining and maintaining government reimbursement because many providers in European countries are unlikely to use medical products that are not reimbursed by their governments. Many countries in Europe have adopted legislation and increased efforts to control prices of healthcare products. We are unable to predict the impact these actions will have on our business or future prospects. 
 We rely on CROs to conduct our clinical trials. If these third parties do not fulfill their contractual obligations or meet expected deadlines, our planned clinical trials may be delayed and we may fail to obtain the regulatory approvals necessary to commercialize our product candidates. 
 We rely on third parties to conduct our clinical trials. If these third parties do not perform their obligations or meet expected deadlines our planned clinical trials may be extended, delayed, modified or terminated. While we conduct regular reviews of the data, we are dependent on the processes and quality control efforts of our third party contractors to ensure that detailed, quality records are maintained to support the results of the clinical trials that they are conducting on our behalf. Any extension, delay, modification or termination of our clinical trials or failure to ensure adequate documentation and the quality of the results in the clinical trials could delay or otherwise adversely affect our ability to commercialize our product candidates and could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 
 30 
 
    A key part of our business strategy is to establish collaborative relationships to commercialize and fund development of our product candidates. We may not succeed in establishing and main  taining collaborative relationships, which may significantly limit our ability to develop and commercialize our products successfully, if at all.  
 Notwithstanding our initial plans to launch HEPLISAV-B in the U.S., we may establish collaborative relationships to obtain domestic and international sales, marketing and distribution capabilities for our product candidates, in particular with respect to the commercialization of HEPLISAV-B, if approved. Failure to obtain a collaborative relationship for HEPLISAV-B, particularly in the European Union and for other markets requiring extensive sales efforts, may significantly impair the potential for this product, and our withdrawal of our MAA increases the risk that we may be unable to enter into a collaborative relationship prior to regulatory approval. The process of establishing and maintaining collaborative relationships is difficult, time-consuming and involves significant uncertainty, including: 

our partners may seek to renegotiate or terminate their relationships with us due to unsatisfactory clinical results, manufacturing issues, a change in business strategy, a change of control or other reasons;     

our shortage of capital resources may impact the willingness of companies to collaborate with us;      

our contracts for collaborative arrangements are terminable at will on written notice and may otherwise expire or terminate and we may not have alternative funding available;     

our partners may choose to pursue alternative technologies, including those of our competitors;     

we may have disputes with a partner that could lead to litigation or arbitration;     

we have limited control over the decisions of our partners and they may change the priority of our programs in a manner that would result in termination of the agreement or add significant delay in the partnered program;     

our ability to generate future payments and royalties from our partners depends upon the abilities of our partners to establish the safety and efficacy of our drug candidates, obtain regulatory approvals and successfully manufacture and achieve market acceptance of products developed from our drug candidates;      

we or our partners may fail to properly initiate, maintain or defend our intellectual property rights, where applicable, or a party may use our proprietary information in such a way as to invite litigation that could jeopardize or potentially invalidate our proprietary information or expose us to potential liability;     

our partners may not devote sufficient capital or resources towards our product candidates; and     

our partners may not comply with applicable government regulatory requirements.     

 If any collaborator fails to fulfill its responsibilities in a timely manner, or at all, our research, clinical development, manufacturing or commercialization efforts pursuant to that collaboration could be delayed or terminated, or it may be necessary for us to assume responsibility for expenses or activities that would otherwise have been the responsibility of our collaborator. If we are unable to establish and maintain collaborative relationships on acceptable terms or to successfully transition terminated collaborative agreements, we may have to delay or discontinue further development of one or more of our product candidates, undertake development and commercialization activities at our own expense or find alternative sources of capital. 
 Many of our competitors have greater financial resources and expertise than we do. If we are unable to successfully compete with existing or potential competitors as a result of these disadvantages we may be unable to generate revenues and our business will be harmed. 
 We compete with pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, academic institutions and research organizations, in developing therapies to prevent or treat cancer and infectious and inflammatory diseases. For example, if it is approved in the future, HEPLISAV-B will compete in the U.S. with established hepatitis B vaccines marketed by Merck and GSK and outside the U.S. with vaccines from those companies and several additional established pharmaceutical companies. Competitors may develop more effective, more affordable or more convenient products or may achieve earlier patent protection or commercialization of their products. These competitive products may render our product candidates obsolete or limit our ability to generate revenues from our product candidates. 
 Existing and potential competitors may also compete with us for qualified scientific and management personnel, as well as for technology that would be advantageous to our business. Although certain of our employees have commercialization experience, as a company we currently have limited sales, marketing and distribution capabilities. Our success in developing marketable products and achieving a competitive position will depend, in part, on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel. If we do not succeed in attracting new personnel and retaining and motivating existing personnel, our operations may suffer and we may be unable to obtain financing, enter into collaborative arrangements, sell our product candidates or generate revenues. 
 31 
 
    As we evolve from a company primarily involved in research and development to a company potentially involved in commercialization, we may encounter difficulties in   managing our growth and expanding our operations successfully.  
 If we are successful in advancing HEPLISAV-B through the development stage towards commercialization, we will need to expand our organization, including adding marketing and sales capabilities or contracting with third parties to provide these capabilities for us. As our operations expand, we expect that we will also need to manage additional relationships with various collaborative partners, suppliers and other third parties. Future growth will impose significant added responsibilities on our organization, in particular on management. Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize HEPLISAV-B and to compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to manage any future growth effectively. To that end, we may not be able to manage our growth efforts effectively, and hire, train and integrate additional management, administrative and sales and marketing personnel, and our failure to accomplish any of these activities could prevent us from successfully growing our company. 
 If we fail to comply with the extensive requirements applicable to biopharmaceutical manufacturers and marketers under the healthcare fraud and abuse, anticorruption, privacy, transparency and other laws of the jurisdictions in which we conduct our business, we may be subject to significant liability. 
 Our activities, and the activities of our agents, including some contracted third parties, are subject to extensive government regulation and oversight both in the U.S. and in foreign jurisdictions. If we obtain approval for and commercialize a vaccine or other product, our interactions with physicians and others in a position to prescribe or purchase our products will be subject to a legal regime designed to prevent healthcare fraud and abuse. We also are subject to laws pertaining to transparency of transfers of value to healthcare providers; privacy and data protection; compliance with industry voluntary compliance guidelines; and prohibiting the payment of bribes.  Relevant U.S. laws include: 

the Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits persons from, among other things, knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying remuneration, directly or indirectly, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service for which payment may be made under federal health care programs, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs;     

federal false claims laws which prohibit individuals or entities from, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment to the government or its agents that are false or fraudulent;     

laws that require transparency regarding financial arrangements with health care professionals, such as the reporting and disclosure requirements imposed by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ( PPACA ) and state laws;      

the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1997 ( HIPAA ), which created new federal criminal statutes that prohibit executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program and making false statements relating to healthcare matters;     

HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology and Criminal Health Act, and its implementing regulations, which imposes certain requirements relating to the privacy, security, and transmission of individually identifiable health information;       

the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which prohibits the payment of bribes to foreign government officials and requires that a company s books and records accurately reflect the company s transactions; and     

foreign and state law equivalents of each of the federal laws described above, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws which may apply to items or services reimbursed by state health insurance programs or any third party payor, including commercial insurers; and state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the applicable compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government.     

 The Office of Inspector General for the Department of Health and Human Services, the Department of Justice, states  Attorneys General and other governmental authorities actively enforce the laws and regulations discussed above. These entities also coordinate extensively with the FDA, using legal theories that connect violations of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (such as off-label promotion) to the eventual submission of false claims to government healthcare programs. Prosecution of such promotion cases under the healthcare fraud and abuse laws provides the potential for private parties (qui tam relators, or  whistleblowers ) to initiate cases on behalf of the government and provides for significantly higher penalties upon conviction. 
 In the U.S., pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies have been the target of numerous government prosecutions and investigations alleging violations of law, including claims asserting impermissible off-label promotion of pharmaceutical products, payments intended to influence the referral of federal or state health care business, submission of false claims for government reimbursement, or submission of incorrect pricing information. 
 32 
 
    Violations of any of the laws d  escribed above or any other applicable governmental regulations and other similar foreign laws may subject us, our employees or our agents to criminal and/or civil sanctions, including fines, civil monetary penalties, exclusion from participation in govern  ment health care programs (including Medicare and Medicaid), and the restriction or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. Additionally, whether or not we have com  plied with the law, an investigation into alleged unlawful conduct may cause us to incur significant expense, cause reputational damage, divert management time and attention, and otherwise adversely affect our business. While we have developed and institut  ed a corporate compliance program, we cannot guarantee that we, our employees, our consultants, contractors, or other agents are or will be in compliance with all applicable U.S. or foreign laws.  
 We expect there will continue to be federal and state laws and/or regulations, proposed and implemented, that could impact our operations and business. The extent to which future legislation or regulations, if any, relating to health care fraud and abuse laws and/or enforcement, may be enacted or what effect such legislation or regulation would have on our business remains uncertain. 
 The loss of key personnel, including our Chief Executive Officer, could delay or prevent achieving our objectives. 
 We depend on our senior executive officers, as well as key scientific and other personnel. Our research, product development and business efforts could be adversely affected by the loss of one or more key members of our scientific or management staff, including our Chief Executive Officer. We currently have no key person insurance on any of our employees. 
 We face product liability exposure, which, if not covered by insurance, could result in significant financial liability. 
 While we have not experienced any product liability claims to date, the use of any of our product candidates in clinical trials and the sale of any approved products will subject us to potential product liability claims and may raise questions about a product s safety and efficacy. As a result, we could experience a delay in our ability to commercialize one or more of our product candidates or reduced sales of any approved product candidates. In addition, a product liability claim may exceed the limits of our insurance policies and exhaust our internal resources. We have obtained limited clinical trial liability and umbrella insurance coverage for our clinical trials. This coverage may not be adequate or may not continue to be available in sufficient amounts, at an acceptable cost or at all. We also may not be able to obtain commercially reasonable product liability insurance for any product approved for marketing in the future. A product liability claim, product recalls or other claims, as well as any claims for uninsured liabilities or in excess of insured liabilities, would divert our management s attention from our business and could result in significant financial liability. 
 We are involved in legal actions that are expensive and time consuming, and, if resolved adversely, could harm our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 A consolidated securities class action lawsuit against us is pending and purported stockholder derivative complaints have been brought against us. Any negative outcome from such lawsuits could result in payments of monetary damages or fines, or adversely affect our products, and accordingly our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 While we have agreed to a settlement of the securities class action, the settlement is subject to final court approval. There is no guarantee that the court will provide final approval of the settlement or that the settlement will not be terminated by one of the parties before final court approval. 
 Accordingly, there can be no assurance that a favorable final outcome will be obtained in these cases, and defending any lawsuit is costly and can impose a significant burden on management and employees. Any litigation to which we are a party may result in an onerous or unfavorable judgment that may not be reversed upon appeal or in payments of monetary damages or fines not covered by insurance, or we may decide to settle lawsuits on unfavorable terms, which could adversely affect our business, financial conditions, or results of operations. 
 We use hazardous materials in our business. Any claims or liabilities relating to improper handling, storage or disposal of these materials could be time consuming and costly to resolve. 
 Our research and product development activities involve the controlled storage, use and disposal of hazardous and radioactive materials and biological waste. We are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of these materials and certain waste products. We believe we are currently in compliance with all government permits that are required for the storage, use and disposal of these materials. However, we cannot eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury to persons or property from these materials. In the event of an accident related to hazardous materials, we could be held liable for damages, cleanup costs or penalized with fines, and this liability could exceed the limits of our insurance policies and exhaust our internal resources. We may have to incur significant costs to comply with future environmental laws and regulations. 
 Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of data security could adversely affect our business. 
   Our business is increasingly dependent on critical, complex and interdependent information technology systems, including Internet based systems, to support business processes as well as internal and external communications. The size and complexity of our  
 33 
 
  computer systems make them potentially vulnerable to breakdown, malicious intru  sion and computer viruses that may result in the impairment of key business processes.  
 In addition, our systems are potentially vulnerable to data security breaches whether by employees or others that may expose sensitive data to unauthorized persons. Such data security breaches could lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, or could lead to the public exposure of personally identifiable information (including sensitive personal information) of our employees, collaborators, clinical trial patients, and others. A data security breach or privacy violation that leads to disclosure or modification of or prevents access to patient information, including personally identifiable information or protected health information, could harm our reputation, compel us to comply with federal and/or state breach notification laws, subject us to mandatory corrective action, require us to verify the correctness of database contents and otherwise subject us to liability under laws and regulations that protect personal data, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenue. If we are unable to prevent such data security breaches or privacy violations or implement satisfactory remedial measures, our operations could be disrupted, and we may suffer loss of reputation, financial loss and other regulatory penalties because of lost or misappropriated information, including sensitive patient data. In addition, these breaches and other inappropriate access can be difficult to detect, and any delay in identifying them may lead to increased harm of the type described above. Moreover, the prevalent use of mobile devices that access confidential information increases the risk of data security breaches, which could lead to the loss of confidential information, trade secrets or other intellectual property. While we have implemented security measures to protect our data security and information technology systems, such measures may not prevent such events. 
 Such disruptions and breaches of security could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to our Finances and Capital Requirements 
 We have incurred substantial losses since inception and do not have any commercial products that generate revenue. 
 We have experienced significant net losses in each year since our inception. Our accumulated deficit was $790.4 million as of September 30, 2016. To date, our revenue has resulted from collaboration agreements, government and private agency grants and services and license fees from our customers, including the customers of our wholly-owned subsidiary Dynavax GmbH (formerly known as Rhein Biotech GmbH). We anticipate that we will incur substantial additional net losses in future years as a result of our continuing investment in research and development activities and our addition of infrastructure and operations to support further development and regulatory approval of HEPLISAV-B. 
 We do not have any products that generate revenue. There can be no assurance whether HEPLISAV-B can be successfully developed, financed or commercialized in a timely manner based on our current plans. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve approval or generate meaningful sales without significant additional resources. Our ability to generate revenue depends upon obtaining regulatory approvals for our product candidates, generating product sales and entering into and maintaining successful collaborative relationships. 
 If we are unable to generate significant revenues or achieve profitability, we may be required to reduce or discontinue our current and planned operations, enter into a transaction that constitutes a change in control of the company or raise additional capital on less than favorable terms. 
 If we are unable to generate significant revenues or achieve profitability, we will require substantial additional capital to continue development of our product candidates and if our most advanced candidate, HEPLISAV-B, is approved, to commence sales and marketing activities. Our recent note purchase arrangement with Deerfield includes certain conditions, including requirements with respect to the nature and scope of FDA approval of HEPLISAV-B, if obtained, in order for us to be able to receive the $100 million funding contemplated under the Deerfield arrangement. 
 To continue development of our product candidates and, if it is approved, to launch HEPLISAV-B, we will need significant additional funds. Addressing this need may occur through strategic alliance and licensing arrangements and/or future public or private financings. We expect to continue to spend substantial funds in connection with: 

development, manufacturing and, if approved, commercialization of our product candidates, particularly HEPLISAV-B;     

various human clinical trials for our product candidates; and     

protection of our intellectual property.     

 The cash requirements of our current operations will be significantly impacted by the FDA decision whether to approve HEPLISAV-B in December 2016. Specifically, while we have current funds for the next twelve months based on our existing operational plans, cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities on hand, we expect that even if we receive approval, we will likely require additional capital following FDA approval. If we cannot meet the closing conditions of the Deerfield financing, we would be required to raise cash in order to launch the product. In addition, if the FDA delays its decision on the HEPLISAV-B BLA or issues a Complete Response Letter, we will likely be required to raise additional funds.  
 34 
 
    Sufficient additional financing through future public or private financings, strategic alliance and licensing arrangements or other financing sources may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. Equity or other financing  s, if completed, could result in significant dilution or otherwise adversely affect the rights of existing stockholders. If adequate funds are not available in the future, we may need to delay, reduce the scope of, or put on hold the HEPLISAV-B program or   other development programs while we seek strategic alternatives.  
 Risks Related to our Intellectual Property 
 We rely on licenses to intellectual property from third parties. Impairment of these licenses or our inability to maintain them would severely harm our business. 
 Our current research and development efforts depend in part upon our license arrangements for intellectual property owned by third parties. Our dependence on these licenses subjects us to numerous risks, such as disputes regarding the use of the licensed intellectual property and the creation and ownership of new discoveries under such license agreements. In addition, these license arrangements require us to make timely payments to maintain our licenses and typically contain diligence or milestone-based termination provisions. Our failure to meet any obligations pursuant to these agreements could allow our licensors to terminate our agreements or undertake other remedies such as converting exclusive to non-exclusive licenses if we are unable to cure or obtain waivers for such failures or amend such agreements on terms acceptable to us. In addition, our license agreements may be terminated or may expire by their terms, and we may not be able to maintain the exclusivity of these licenses. If we cannot obtain and maintain licenses that are advantageous or necessary to the development or the commercialization of our product candidates, we may be required to expend significant time and resources to develop or license similar technology or to find other alternatives to maintaining the competitive position of our products. If such alternatives are not available to us in a timely manner or on acceptable terms, we may be unable to continue development or commercialize our product candidates. In the absence of a current license, we may be required to redesign our technology so it does not infringe a third party s patents, which may not be possible or could require substantial funds and time. 
 If third parties successfully assert that we have infringed their patents and proprietary rights or challenge our patents and proprietary rights, we may become involved in intellectual property disputes and litigation that would be costly, time consuming and delay or prevent development or commercialization of our product candidates. 
 We may be exposed to future litigation by third parties based on claims that our product candidates or proprietary technologies infringe their intellectual property rights, or we may be required to enter into litigation to enforce patents issued or licensed to us or to determine the ownership, scope or validity of our or another party s proprietary rights, including a challenge as to the validity of our issued and pending claims. From time to time we are involved in various interference and other administrative proceedings related to our intellectual property which has caused us to incur certain legal expenses. If we become involved in any litigation and/or other significant interference proceedings related to our intellectual property or the intellectual property of others, we will incur substantial additional expenses and it will divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel. 
 Two of our potential competitors, Merck and GSK, are exclusive licensees of broad patents covering methods of production of rHBsAg, a component of HEPLISAV-B. In addition, the Institut Pasteur also owns or has exclusive licenses to patents relating to aspects of production of rHBsAg in the U.S. While some of these patents have expired or will soon expire outside the U.S., they remain in force in the U.S. To the extent we are able to commercialize HEPLISAV-B in the U.S. while these patents remain in force, Merck, GSK or their respective licensors or the Institut Pasteur may bring claims against us. 
 If we or our collaborators are unsuccessful in defending or prosecuting our issued and pending claims or in defending potential claims against our products, for example, as may arise in connection with the commercialization of HEPLISAV-B or any similar product candidate, we or our collaborator could be required to pay substantial damages or be unable to commercialize our product candidates or use our proprietary technologies without a license from such third party. A license may require the payment of substantial fees or royalties, require a grant of a cross-license to our technology or may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. Any of these outcomes could require us to change our business strategy and could materially impact our business and operations. 
 One of our potential competitors, Pfizer, has issued patent claims, as well as patent claims pending with the PTO and foreign patent offices, that may be asserted against our TLR agonist products and our TLR inhibitor products. We may need to obtain a license to one or more of these patent claims held by Pfizer by paying fees or royalties or offering rights to our own proprietary technologies to commercialize one or more of our formulations other than with respect to HEPLISAV-B, for which we have a license. A license for other uses may not be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all, which could preclude or limit our ability to commercialize our products. 
 If the combination of patents, trade secrets and contractual provisions that we rely on to protect our intellectual property is inadequate, the value of our product candidates will decrease. 
 Our success depends on our ability to: 

obtain and protect commercially valuable patents or the rights to patents both domestically and abroad;     

operate without infringing upon the proprietary rights of others; and     

 35 

prevent others from successfully challenging or infringing our proprietary rights.     

 We will be able to protect our proprietary rights from unauthorized use only to the extent that these rights are covered by valid and enforceable patents or are effectively maintained as trade secrets. We try to protect our proprietary rights by filing and prosecuting U.S. and foreign patent applications. However, in certain cases such protection may be limited, depending in part on existing patents held by third parties, which may only allow us to obtain relatively narrow patent protection. In the U.S., legal standards relating to the validity and scope of patent claims in the biopharmaceutical field can be highly uncertain, are still evolving and involve complex legal and factual questions for which important legal principles remain unresolved. 
 The biopharmaceutical patent environment outside the U.S. is even more uncertain. We may be particularly affected by this uncertainty since several of our product candidates may initially address market opportunities outside the U.S., where we may only be able to obtain limited patent protection. 
 The risks and uncertainties that we face with respect to our patents and other proprietary rights include the following: 

we may not receive an issued patent for any of our patent applications or for any patent applications that we have exclusively licensed;     

the pending patent applications we have filed or to which we have exclusive rights may take longer than we expect to result in issued patents;     

the claims of any patents that are issued may not provide meaningful protection or may not be valid or enforceable;     

we might not be able to develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable;     

the patents licensed or issued to us or our collaborators may not provide a competitive advantage;     

patents issued to other parties may limit our intellectual property protection or harm our ability to do business;     

other parties may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate our technologies and commercialize discoveries that we attempt to patent; and     

other parties may design around technologies we have licensed, patented or developed.     

 We also rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect our interests in proprietary know-how that is not patentable and for processes for which patents are difficult to enforce. We cannot be certain that we will be able to protect our trade secrets adequately. Any disclosure of confidential data in the public domain or to third parties could allow our competitors to learn our trade secrets. If we are unable to adequately obtain or enforce proprietary rights, we may be unable to commercialize our products, enter into collaborations, generate revenues or maintain any advantage we may have with respect to existing or potential competitors. 
 Risks Related to an Investment in our Common Stock 
 Our stock price is subject to volatility, and your investment may suffer a decline in value. 
 The market prices for securities of biopharmaceutical companies have in the past been, and are likely to continue in the future, to be, very volatile. The market price of our common stock is subject to substantial volatility depending upon many factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: 

progress or results of any of our clinical trials or regulatory or manufacturing efforts, in particular any announcements regarding the progress or results of our planned trials and BLA filing and communications, from the FDA or other regulatory agencies, including a decision by the FDA not to have an advisory committee meeting for   HEPLISAV  -B and its anticipated decision following its review of our BLA for   HEPLISAV-B, which is expected by the PDUFA action date on December 15, 2016  ;     

our ability to receive timely regulatory approval for our drug candidates;     

our ability to establish and maintain collaborations for the development and commercialization of our product candidates;     

our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations;     

technological innovations, new commercial products or drug discovery efforts and preclinical and clinical activities by us or our competitors;     

changes in our intellectual property portfolio or developments or disputes concerning the proprietary rights of our products or product candidates;     

 36 

our ability to obtain component materials and successfully enter into manufacturing relationships for our product candidates or establish manufacturing capacity on our own;     

our ability to establish and maintain licensing agreements for intellectual property necessary for the development of our product candidates;     

changes in government regulations, general economic conditions or industry announcements;     

issuance of new or changed securities analysts  reports or recommendations;     

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial and operating results; and     

the volume of trading in our common stock.     

 One or more of these factors could cause a substantial decline in the price of our common stock. In addition, securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following a decline in the market price of its securities. We are currently the target of such securities litigation, resulting from the decline in our common stock following the disclosure in 2013 that the FDA would not approve HEPLISAV-B for sale without a significant additional clinical study. We may in the future be the target of additional such litigation. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs, and divert management s attention and resources, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 The anti-takeover provisions of our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws, Delaware law and our share purchase rights plan may prevent or frustrate a change in control, even if an acquisition would be beneficial to our stockholders, which could affect our stock price adversely and prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 
 Provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may delay or prevent a change in control, discourage bids at a premium over the market price of our common stock and adversely affect the market price of our common stock and the voting or other rights of the holders of our common stock. These provisions include: 

authorizing our Board of Directors to issue additional preferred stock with voting rights to be determined by the Board of Directors;     

limiting the persons who can call special meetings of stockholders;     

prohibiting stockholder actions by written consent;     

creating a classified board of directors pursuant to which our directors are elected for staggered three year terms;     

providing that a supermajority vote of our stockholders is required for amendment to certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws; and      

establishing advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our Board of Directors or for proposing matters that can be acted on by stockholders at stockholder meetings.     

 Our share purchase rights plan may have certain anti-takeover effects. Specifically, the rights issued pursuant to the plan will cause substantial dilution to a person or group that attempts to acquire the Company on terms not approved by our Board of Directors. Although the rights should not interfere with any merger or other business combination approved by the Board of Directors since the rights issued may be amended to permit such acquisition or redeemed by the Company at $0.001 per right prior to the earliest of (i) the time that a person or group has acquired beneficial ownership of 20% or more of our common stock or (ii) the final expiration date of the rights, the effect of the rights plan may deter a potential acquisition of the Company. In addition, we remain subject to the provisions of the Delaware corporation law that, in general, prohibit any business combination with a beneficial owner of 15% or more of our common stock for three years unless the holder s acquisition of our stock was approved in advance by our Board of Directors. 
 We will continue to incur increased costs and demands upon management as a result of complying with the laws and regulations affecting public companies, which could affect our operating results. 
 As a public company, we will continue to incur legal, accounting and other expenses associated with reporting requirements and corporate governance requirements, including requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, as well as new rules implemented by the SEC and the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC. We may need to continue to implement additional financial and accounting systems, procedures and controls to accommodate changes in our business and organization and to comply with new reporting requirements. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain a favorable assessment as to the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to reach an unqualified assessment, or our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to issue an unqualified attestation as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of our fiscal year, investors could lose confidence in the reliability of our financial reporting which could harm our business and could impact the price of our common stock. 
 37 
 
    Future sales of our common stock or the perception that such sales may occur in the public market could cause our stock price to fall.  
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. As of  September  30, 2016, we had 38,526,254 shares of common stock outstanding, all of which shares were eligible for sale in the public market, subject in some cases to the volume limitations and manner of sale requirements under Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  
 Future sales of our common stock, including pursuant to our 2015 ATM Agreement with Cowen, would cause immediate dilution and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. In addition, under the universal shelf registration statement filed by us in November 2015, we may sell any combination of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities and warrants in one or more offerings. The sale or issuance of our securities, as well as the existence of outstanding options and shares of common stock reserved for issuance under our option and equity incentive plans also may adversely affect the terms upon which we are able to obtain additional capital through the sale of equity securities. 

ITEM 2.   
 
     UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS     

 None.  

ITEM 5.   
 
     OTHER INFORMATION     

 None. 
 38 

ITEM 6.   
 
          E  XHIBITS      

Incorporated by Reference  

Exhibit Number  
 
 Document  
 
 Exhibit Number  
 
 Filing  
 
 Filing Date  
 
 File No.  
 
 Filed Herewith  

31.1  
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

X  

31.2  
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

X  

32.1*  
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

X  

32.2*  
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

X  

EX 101.INS  XBRL Instance Document  
 EX 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  
 EX 101.CAL XBRL  Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 EX 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase  
 EX 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document  
 EX 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  
 ____________________________________________________________________________________________ 

*   
 
 The certifications attached as Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 that accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of this Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.    

39 
 
        S  IGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Berkeley, State of California.  

DYNAVAX TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION  

Date: November 7, 2016  

By:  

/s/ EDDIE GRAY  

Eddie Gray  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: November 7, 2016  

By:  

/s/ MICHAEL OSTRACH  

Michael Ostrach  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

Date: November 7, 2016  

By:  

/s/ DAVID JOHNSON  

David Johnson  

Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer  

(Principal Accounting Officer)  

40 
 
    EXHIBIT INDEX   

Incorporated by Reference  

Exhibit Number  
 
 Document  
 
 Exhibit Number  
 
 Filing  
 
 Filing Date  
 
 File No.  
 
 Filed Herewith  

31.1  
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

X  

31.2  
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

X  

32.1*  
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

X  

32.2*  
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

X  

EX 101.INS  XBRL Instance Document  
 EX 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  
 EX 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  
 EX 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy  Extension Definition Linkbase 
 EX 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document  
 EX 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  
 ____________________________________________________________________________________________ 

*   
 
 The certifications attached as Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 that accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of this Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.     

41  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 dvax-ex311_14.htm
 EX-31.1

dvax-ex311_14.htm

Exhibit 31.1  
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer  
 CERTIFICATIONS  
 I, Eddie Gray, certify that:  

1.  
 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Dynavax Technologies Corporation (the  registrant    

2.  
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

By:  

/ S / EDDIE GRAY   

Eddie Gray 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: November 7, 2016  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 dvax-ex312_15.htm
 EX-31.2

dvax-ex312_15.htm

Exhibit 31.2  
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer  
 CERTIFICATIONS  
 I, Michael Ostrach, certify that:  

1.  
 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Dynavax Technologies Corporation (the  registrant    

2.  
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

By:  

/ S / MICHAEL OSTRACH  

Michael Ostrach 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer)  

Date: November 7, 2016 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 dvax-ex321_13.htm
 EX-32.1

dvax-ex321_13.htm

Exhibit 32.1  
 Certification Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63  
 of Title 18 of the United States Code  
 Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C.  1350), I, Eddie Gray, Chief Executive Officer of Dynavax Technologies Corporation (the  Company ), hereby certify that, to the best of my knowledge:  
 (i) The Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the  Periodic Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and  
 (ii) The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  
 In Witness Whereof , the undersigned have set his hand hereto as of the 7   th    day of November, 2016.   

By:  

/ S / EDDIE GRAY  

Eddie Gray 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

This certification accompanies the Form 10-Q to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Dynavax Technologies Corporation under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 dvax-ex322_12.htm
 EX-32.2

dvax-ex322_12.htm

Exhibit 32.2  
 Certification Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63  
 of Title 18 of the United States Code  
 Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C.  1350), I, Michael Ostrach, Chief Financial Officer of Dynavax Technologies Corporation (the  Company ), hereby certify that, to the best of my knowledge:  
 (i) The Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.2 (the  Periodic Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and  
 (ii) The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  
 In Witness Whereof , the undersigned have set his hand hereto as of the 7   th    day of November, 2016.   

By:  

/ S / MICHAEL OSTRACH   

Michael Ostrach 
 Chief Financial Officer 
  (Principal Financial Officer)  

This certification accompanies the Form 10-Q to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Dynavax Technologies Corporation under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 dvax-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 dvax-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 dvax-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 dvax-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 dvax-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 dvax-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

