<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1397403_0001397403-16-000076_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10175169</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>217847</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>556460</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3384710</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4344683</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1494215</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>36</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001397403-16-000076.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110151300
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001397403-16-000076
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			IMH Financial Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001397403
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		IRS NUMBER:				810624254
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52611
		FILM NUMBER:		161987636

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7001 NORTH SCOTTSDALE ROAD, SUITE 2050
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85253
		BUSINESS PHONE:		480-840-8400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7001 NORTH SCOTTSDALE ROAD, SUITE 2050
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85253

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	IMH Secured Loan Fund, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070424

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001397403-16-000076.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 ifcn-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, DC 20549 

FORM 10-Q  

[X] Quarterly Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
    
  For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  or 
  [  ] Transition Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
    
     For the transition period from _______ to _______ 
    
  Commission File number   000-52611 
    
  IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION  
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
                 Delaware 
    27-1537126 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
    (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

7001 N. Scottsdale Rd #2050 
  Scottsdale, Arizona 85253 
  (Address of principal executive offices and zip code) 
    
  (480) 840-8400  
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes        No     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   No   
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                       Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 
      
      Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 
      
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes      No    
  The registrant had   728,259   shares of Common Stock,   3,491,758   shares of Class B-1 Common Stock,   3,492,954   shares of Class B-2 Common Stock,   7,159,759   shares of Class B-3 Common Stock,   313,790   shares of Class B-4 Common Stock,   735,801   shares of Class C Common Stock,   2,604,852   shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock and   5,595,148   shares of Series B-2 Preferred Stock, all of which totaled   24,122,321   outstanding common shares, assuming all conversion features were exercised as of   November 10, 2016  . 

IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION  
  INDEX 
                    PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
      Item 1. 
     Financial Statements.  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015  
    F-2 
        
     Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
    F-3 
        
     Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016  
    F-4 
        
     Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    F-5 
        
     Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    F-7 
      Item 2. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  
    1 
      Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.  
    21 
      Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures.  
    22 
       PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  
      Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings.  
    23 
      Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors.  
    23 
      Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.  
    23 
      Item 3. 
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  
    23 
      Item 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures.  
    23 
      Item 5. 
     Other Information.  
    23 
      Item 6. 
     Exhibits.  
    24 
       Signatures  
    25 

2 

PART I 
  FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

F-1 

Item 1. Financial Statements. 
   
  IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (In thousands, except share data)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   F-2 

IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (In thousands, except share data) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   F-3 

IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY 
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016    
  (In thousands, except share data) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F-4 

IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (In thousands)   

F-5 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F-6 

IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1- BUSINESS, BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND LIQUIDITY 
    
  Our Company 
    
  IMH Financial Corporation (the  Company ) is a real estate investment and finance company based in the southwestern United States engaged in various and diverse facets of the real estate lending and investment process, including origination, acquisition, underwriting, servicing, enforcement, development, marketing, and disposition.  The Company s focus is to invest in, manage and dispose of commercial real estate mortgage investments or other real estate assets, and to perform all functions reasonably related thereto, including developing, managing and either holding for investment or disposing of real property acquired through acquisition, foreclosure or other means.   
    
  In the last few years, we acquired certain operating properties through deed-in-lieu of foreclosure which have contributed significantly to our operating revenues and expenses. Our operating properties currently consist of   two   operating hotels and restaurants located in Sedona, Arizona, a golf course and restaurant operation located in Bullhead City, Arizona, and a multi-family housing campus in Apple Valley, Minnesota, which commenced leasing operations in the fourth quarter of 2015. A commercial office building located in Stafford, Texas, which also contributed to operating property revenues and expenses during 2015, was sold in the third quarter of 2015. Due to our limited lending and investment activities since 2008 and our declining loan portfolio, these operating properties currently contribute virtually all of our operating revenue. 
    
  Basis of Presentation 
    
  The accompanying unaudited, condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for a complete set of financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented have been made. Operating results for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2016. These condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of IMH Financial Corporation and the following wholly-owned operating subsidiaries: 11333, Inc. (formerly known as Investors Mortgage Holdings, Inc.), an Arizona corporation, Investors Mortgage Holdings California, Inc., a California corporation, IMH Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ( Holdings ), and numerous other wholly owned subsidiaries established in connection with the acquisition of real estate either through foreclosure or purchase and/or for borrowing purposes, as well as its majority owned or controlled real estate entities and its interests in variable interest entities ( VIEs ) in which the Company is determined to be the primary beneficiary. Holdings is a holding company for IMH Management Services, LLC, an Arizona limited liability company, which provides us and our affiliates with human resources and administrative services, including the supply of employees. Other entities in which we have invested and have the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies of the investee, but upon which we do not possess control, are accounted for by the equity method of accounting within the financial statements and they are therefore not consolidated. 
    
  During the second quarter of 2015, the Company, through certain subsidiaries, obtained certain real estate assets and equity interests in a number of limited liability companies and limited partnerships with various real estate holdings and related assets as a result of certain loan and guarantor enforcement and collection efforts. Certain of these entities have been consolidated in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements while others have been accounted for under the equity method of accounting based on the extent of the Company s controlling financial interest in each such entity. See Note 5 for a discussion of our equity investments and VIEs. 
    
  All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

F-7 

    IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
    
  NOTE 1- BUSINESS, BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND LIQUIDITY- continued 

Liquidity 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , our accumulated deficit aggregated   $685.3 million   primarily as a result of previous impairment charges recorded relating to the decrease in the fair value of our mortgage assets and real estate owned ( REO ) assets, as well as on-going net operating losses resulting from the lack of income-producing assets, the cost of our debt financing and debt restructuring charges. Beginning in 2008, we experienced significant defaults and foreclosures in our mortgage loan portfolio due primarily to the erosion of the U.S. and global real estate and credit markets during those periods. As a result, since that time we have been focused on enforcing our rights under our loan documents, working to repossess the collateral properties underlying those loans for purposes of disposing of or developing such assets, and pursuing recovery from guarantors under such loans. 
    
  Our liquidity plan has included obtaining additional financing, selling mortgage loans, and selling the majority of our legacy real estate assets. We secured various financings between 2011 and 2015 which, along with proceeds from asset sales, have been our primary sources of working capital. 
    
  During the fourth quarter of 2015, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company borrowed   $5.4 million   pursuant to a non-revolving credit facility with the Banc of California, National Association (the  BOC Facility ), which was repaid in March 2016 upon collection of the mortgage receivable that served as collateral for that loan. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we also secured and drew down a revolving line of credit in the amount of   $4.0 million   ( SRE Revolver ). The SRE Revolver is secured by certain REO assets and has a maturity date in December 2016. At   September 30, 2016  , we had cash and cash equivalents of   $6.5 million   and restricted cash of   $2.3 million  .  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , certain of our REO assets with a carrying value of   $45.9 million   and our entire mortgage loan portfolio with a carrying value of   $0.4 million   were held for sale. We continue to evaluate potential disposition strategies for our remaining real estate owned and operating properties. During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , we collected mortgage payments totaling   $7.6 million   and sold certain mortgage loans and REO assets that generated   $6.5 million   in cash. 
    
  In October 2014, the Company and Titan Investments IX, LLC ( Titan ) entered into a joint venture known as Southwest Acquisitions, LLC ( Southwest JV ) for the purpose of holding and developing a multi-family project in Apple Valley, Minnesota to be known as Gabella ( Gabella ). Southwest JV simultaneously created a wholly-owned subsidiary, IMH Gabella LLC, ( IMH Gabella ) to hold the Gabella assets, and in October 2014, IMH Gabella secured a   $24.0 million   construction loan. The construction loan is subject to a completion and repayment carve-out guarantee by the Company and requires the Company to maintain a minimum liquidity balance of   $7.5 million  . On various occasions during 2016, we fell below the   $7.5 million   liquidity threshold resulting in a non-compliance event under the terms of the guarantor agreement, and which also constituted a non-compliance event under the terms of our Certificate of Designation of Series B-1 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock and Series B-2 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock ( Certificate of Designation ).  While the lender has not taken any enforcement action regarding this non-compliance event, and we have obtained a waiver from our preferred shareholders for this non-compliance event under the Certificate of Designation, this non-compliance event could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial position.  We are also subject to a   $5.0 million   minimum liquidity balance for the calendar year 2016 in connection with a mortgage loan secured by our Sedona hospitality assets. In September 2016, we sought and obtained a temporary reduction of the minimum liquidity covenant to   $3.0 million   through   December 31, 2016  . In addition to this minimum liquidity requirement, the lender requires our hotel operations to meet certain debt service coverage ratio ( DSCR ) and minimum 12-month rolling net operating income ( NOI ) requirements measured on a quarterly basis. Due to the operational impact of the 2015-2016 capital improvement program at our Sedona hospitality assets, our hotel operations did not meet the mortgage loan s DSCR and NOI requirements during the quarterly measurement period in the first quarter of 2016, for which the lender provided a one-time forbearance. While the hotel operations met the mortgage loan s DSCR and NOI requirements during the second and third quarterly reporting periods in 2016, there is no assurance that our hotel operations will meet these liquidity, DSCR and/or NOI requirements in future quarterly reporting periods.  In the event that they do not meet such requirements, we would likely seek a supplemental forbearance from the lender. There is no assurance that such a forbearance would be granted.  
    
  While we have been successful in securing financing through   September 30, 2016   to provide adequate funding for working capital purposes and have generated liquidity through asset sales and mortgage receivable collections, there is no assurance that we will be successful in selling our remaining loan and REO assets in a timely manner or in obtaining additional or replacement financing, if needed, to sufficiently fund future operations, repay existing debt, or to implement our investment strategy. Our failure to generate sustainable earning assets, and successfully liquidate a sufficient number of our loans and REO assets, may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial position. 
  
   F-8 

IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
    
  Use of Estimates 
    
  The preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of consolidated revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Certain accounting policies involve judgments and uncertainties to such an extent that there is reasonable likelihood that materially different amounts could have been reported under different conditions, or if different assumptions had been used. The Company evaluates its estimates and assumptions on a regular basis. The Company uses historical experience and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances to form the basis for making judgments about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may materially differ from these estimates and assumptions used in preparation of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Comprehensive Income 
    
  Comprehensive income includes items that impact changes in shareholders  equity but are not recorded in earnings.  The Company did not have any such items during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015. Accordingly, comprehensive income (loss) is equal to net income (loss) for those periods.  
    
  Restricted Cash 
    
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , restricted cash and cash equivalents were comprised of the following (in thousands): 

Restricted cash includes cash items that are legally or contractually restricted as to usage or withdrawal, which include amounts maintained in escrow or other restricted accounts for contractually specified purposes, such as property taxes, insurance, interest and furniture, fixtures and equipment ( FF E ) reserves for our hospitality assets. 
    
  Real Estate Ventures 
    
  The Company, through various subsidiaries, holds interests in its properties through interests in both consolidated and unconsolidated real estate ventures. The Company assesses its investments in real estate ventures to determine if a venture is a variable interest entity ( VIE ). Generally, an entity is determined to be a VIE when either (i) the equity investors (if any) lack one or more of the essential characteristics of a controlling financial interest, (ii) the equity investment at risk is insufficient to finance that entity s activities without additional subordinated financial support or (iii) the equity investors have voting rights that are not proportionate to their economic interests and substantially all of the activities of the entity involve or are conducted on behalf of an investor that has disproportionately fewer voting rights. The Company consolidates entities that are VIEs for which the Company is determined to be the primary beneficiary. In instances where the Company is not the primary beneficiary, the Company does not consolidate the entity for financial reporting purposes. The primary beneficiary is the entity that has both (i) the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. Entities that are not defined as VIEs are consolidated where the Company is the general partner (or the equivalent) and the limited partners (or the equivalent) in such investments do not have rights which would preclude control. 
    
  For entities where the Company is the general partner (or the equivalent), but does not control the real estate venture, and the other partners (or the equivalent) hold substantive participating rights, the Company uses the equity method of accounting. For entities where the Company is a limited partner (or the equivalent), management considers factors such as ownership interest, voting control, authority to make decisions and contractual and substantive participating rights of the partners (or the equivalent) to  
  
   F-9 

    IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
    
  NOTE 2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES- continued 

determine if the presumption that the general partner controls the entity is overcome. In instances where these factors indicate the Company controls the entity, the Company would consolidate the entity; otherwise the Company accounts for its investments using the equity method of accounting. 
    
  Under the equity method of accounting, investments are initially recognized in the consolidated balance sheet at cost, or fair value in the case of legal assignments of such interests, and are subsequently adjusted to reflect the Company s proportionate share of net earnings or losses of the entity, distributions received, contributions and certain other adjustments, as appropriate. Any difference between the carrying amount of these investments on the Company s balance sheet and the underlying equity in net assets is amortized as an adjustment to equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated entities. When circumstances indicate there may have been a loss in value of an equity method investment, and the Company determines the loss in value is other than temporary, the Company recognizes an impairment charge to reflect the investment at fair value. 
    
  Noncontrolling Interests 
    
  Noncontrolling interests represent the portion of equity in the Company s consolidated subsidiaries which is not attributable to the Company s stockholders. Accordingly, noncontrolling interests are reported as a component of equity, separate from stockholders  equity, in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. On the condensed consolidated statements of operations, operating results are reported at their consolidated amounts, including both the amount attributable to the Company and to noncontrolling interests.  
    
  Reclassifications 
    
  Certain reclassifications have been made to 2015 amounts to conform to the current year presentation. See    Note 8   Segment Information    in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding these reclassifications. 
    
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
    
  Changes to GAAP are established by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) in the form of accounting standards updates ( ASUs ) to the FASB s Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ). The Company considers the applicability and impact of all ASUs.  
  In 2015, the FASB voted to defer ASU 2014-09. Under the new guidance, companies will recognize revenue when the seller satisfies a performance obligation, which would be when the buyer takes control of the good or service. This new guidance could result in different amounts of revenue being recognized and could result in revenue being recognized in different reporting periods than under the current guidance. The standard specifically excludes revenue associated with lease contracts. The guidance is effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted for periods beginning after December 15, 2016. We expect to adopt this guidance effective January 1, 2018, and we are currently assessing the potential impact of adopting the new guidance. 
  In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,   Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern  . ASU 2014-15 introduces an explicit requirement for management to assess and provide certain disclosures if there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern. ASU 2014-15 is effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016. The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU 2014-15 to have a material impact on the Company s operating results, or financial position or disclosures.  
  In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-02,   Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis  , which amends current consolidation guidance by modifying the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and similar legal entities are variable interest entities or voting interest entities, eliminating the presumption that a general partner should consolidate a limited partnership, and affects the consolidation analysis of reporting entities that are involved with variable interest entities. ASU No. 2015-02 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015, with early adoption permitted. All legal entities are subject to reevaluation under the revised consolidation model. The adoption of this update did not have a material impact on the Company s operating results or financial position. 
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,   Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  . This update amends certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments, including the requirement to measure certain equity investments at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. ASU 2016-01  
  
   F-10 

    IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
    
  NOTE 2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES- continued 

is effective for interim and annual reporting periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-01 on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases  . This new standard establishes a right-of-use (ROU) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients available. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-02 on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-07,   Investments-Equity Method and Joint Ventures  . This update eliminates the requirement that when an investment qualifies for use of the equity method as a result of an increase in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence, an investor must adjust the investment, results of operations, and retained earnings retroactively on a step-by-step basis as if the equity method had been in effect during all previous periods that the investment had been held. The amendments require that the equity method investor add the cost of acquiring the additional interest in the investee to the current basis of the investor s previously held interest and adopt the equity method of accounting as of the date the investment becomes qualified for equity method accounting. Therefore, upon qualifying for the equity method of accounting, no retroactive adjustment of the investment is required. The amendments in this update are effective for all entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-07 on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Compensation - Stock Compensation Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  . The amendments in this topic are intended to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions and are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-09 on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,   Financial Instruments-Credit Losses.   The ASU requires an organization to measure all expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Financial institutions and other organizations will now use forward-looking information to better inform their credit loss estimates. Many of the loss estimation techniques applied today will still be permitted, although the inputs to those techniques will change to reflect the full amount of expected credit losses. Organizations will continue to use judgment to determine which loss estimation method is appropriate for their circumstances. Additionally, the ASU amends the accounting for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities and purchased financial assets with credit deterioration. For public companies, this update will be effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019. We have not yet determined the impact the adoption of ASU 2016-13 will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,   Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.   The ASU addresses how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows under Topic 230,   Statement of Cash Flow, and other Topics  . The ASU is effective for annual reporting periods, and interim periods therein, beginning after December 15, 2017. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-15 on our consolidated financial statements. 
  
   F-11 

IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 3   MORTGAGE INVESTMENTS AND LOAN SALES 
    
  Lending Activities 
    
  The Company did not originate any loans during the three and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   or   2015  .  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company collected mortgage loan payoffs for   two   loans and sold   one   loan. During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , the Company received   $0.3 million   related to the loan payoff of   one   loan. 
    
  A roll-forward of loan activity for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   is as follows (in thousands): 

As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   three   loans outstanding with an average principal and interest balance of   $4.3 million  , as compared to an average principal and interest balance of   $3.9 million   for   six   loans at   December 31, 2015  . Of the   three   outstanding loans at   September 30, 2016  ,   one   of the loans with an outstanding principal and interest balance of   $0.4 million   and an interest rate of   11.0%   was performing. Of the   six   outstanding loans at   December 31, 2015  , there were   four   performing loans with an average outstanding principal and interest balance of   $2.8 million   and a weighted average interest rate of   10.5%  .  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the valuation allowance represented   97.2%   and   53.6%  , respectively, of the total outstanding loan principal and interest balances. The majority of the valuation allowance at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   relates to   two   legacy loans which have been fully reserved and have a   zero   carrying value. 
    
  Loan Sales 
    
  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company sold   one   loan with a carrying value of   $3.1 million   for a net loss of   $0.1 million  . During the three months ended September 30, 2015, the Company sold a mortgage note in the amount of   $11.0 million   at face value to SREOF II Holdings, LLC, an affiliate of one of the Company s directors. During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , we sold   four   loans with a carrying value of   $27.4 million   for a net loss of   $0.1 million  . 
    
  Scheduled Loan Maturities 
    
  The outstanding principal and interest balance of mortgage investments, net of the valuation allowance, as of   September 30, 2016  , have scheduled maturity dates as follows (in thousands): 

From time to time, the Company may extend a mortgage loan s maturity date in the normal course of business.  In this regard, the Company has modified certain loans, extending maturity dates in some cases by   two   or more years, and the Company may modify additional loans in the future in an effort to preserve collateral. Accordingly, repayment dates of the loans may vary from their  
  
   F-12 

    IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
    
  NOTE 3   MORTGAGE INVESTMENTS AND LOAN SALES- continued 

currently scheduled maturity date. If the maturity date of a loan is not extended, the loans are classified and reported as matured and in default. 
    
  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , we collected mortgage loan payoffs totaling   $7.6 million  . This amount represented the negotiated payoffs of   two   of our performing loans at a collective discount of   $0.2 million  . The discounted payoffs on these loans did not represent troubled debt restructuring because the loans were fully performing and the Company initiated the discounted payoffs in order to generate liquidity. We recorded an adjustment as of   December 31, 2015   to provide for this discount. 
    
  Given the non-performing status on a majority of our legacy loans, we do not expect to receive any loan payoffs on loans that are past their respective maturity dates. We may find it necessary to foreclose, modify, extend, make protective advances or sell such loans in order to protect collateral, maximize return or generate additional liquidity. 
    
  Summary of Loans in Default 
    
  The Company s portfolio loan defaults were attributed to, among other reasons, loan balances that exceeded the fair value of the underlying collateral and the absence of takeout financing in the marketplace. The   two   loans that were in default and in non-accrual status at   December 31, 2015  , remained in default status as of   September 30, 2016   with an aggregate principal balance of   $12.3 million   and an aggregate interest balance of   $0.4 million  , all of which have been fully reserved. The completion and/or timing of foreclosure on the Company s remaining portfolio loans is dependent on several factors, including, but not limited to, applicable state statutes, potential bankruptcy filings by the borrowers, the nature and extent of other liens secured by the underlying real estate. 
    
  No interest income was recognized on any non-accrual loans on a cash or accrual basis during the periods ended   September 30, 2016   or   2015  . Borrower concentrations, geographic concentrations of our loan portfolio, related loan classifications and end-user categories have not materially changed since   December 31, 2015  , except as a result of loan payoffs. 
  
   F-13 

IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 4   OPERATING PROPERTIES AND REAL ESTATE HELD FOR DEVELOPMENT OR SALE 
    
  Operating properties and REO assets consist primarily of properties acquired as a result of foreclosure or purchase and were initially recorded at the lower of cost or fair value, less estimated costs to sell the property.  Our fair value assessment procedures are more fully described in Note 6. At   September 30, 2016  , we held total operating properties and REO assets of   $150.6 million  , of which   $45.9 million   were held for sale,   $89.3 million   were held as operating properties, and   $15.5 million   were classified as other real estate owned. At   December 31, 2015  , we held total operating properties and REO assets of   $152.9 million  , of which   $3.7 million   were held for development,   $5.3 million   were held for sale,   $116.2 million   were held as operating properties, and   $27.7 million   were classified as other real estate owned.   
    
  A summary of operating properties and REO assets owned as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, by method of acquisition, is as follows (dollars in thousands): 

A roll-forward of REO activity from   December 31, 2015   to   September 30, 2016   is as follows (dollars in thousands): 

During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we sold   six   REO assets (or portions thereof) for   $3.4 million   (net of selling costs), resulting in a total net gain of   $0.1 million  .  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , we sold   twenty   REO assets (or portions thereof) for   $28.2 million   (net of selling costs), resulting in a net gain of   $0.1 million  . 
    
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we reclassified certain REO assets from operating properties, REO held for development and Other REO to REO held for sale due to management s decision to dispose of such assets and efforts taken to achieve such disposal. In addition, certain liabilities associated with the REO assets were reclassified to notes payable and special assessment obligations for assets held for sale. See Note 7 for further discussion. 
    
  In the second quarter of 2015, we were awarded certain real estate assets and equity interests in a number of limited liability companies and limited partnerships with various real estate holdings and related assets in connection with certain enforcement  
  
   F-14 

    IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
    
  NOTE 4   OPERATING PROPERTIES AND REAL ESTATE HELD FOR DEVELOPMENT OR SALE- continued 

and collection activities. Certain of these entities have been consolidated in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements based on our determination of the Company s controlling financial interest in each such entity.  
    
  Based on our analysis, the consolidated entities in which these equity interests were awarded did not meet the definition of a business under GAAP since the only assets of such entities consist of unimproved real estate holdings, and the entities lack inputs and processes necessary to produce outputs. For this and other reasons, the entities did not qualify under the VIE model, and we instead applied the voting interest model to ascertain the need for consolidation. Because the entities do not qualify as businesses, the acquisition of such interests in these entities was deemed to be an asset acquisition, whereby we recorded our proportionate interest of each entity s total assets and liabilities at fair value at the date of acquisition. Thereafter, any subsequent income or loss is being allocated to controlling and noncontrolling interests based on their respective ownership percentages. The aggregate fair value of our interest in the underlying real estate assets of the consolidated entities, after elimination of intercompany balances, totaled   $6.3 million  , which is classified in other real estate owned in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets.  
    
  REO Development and Operations 
    
  Costs related to the development or improvements of the Company s real estate assets are generally capitalized, and costs relating to operating, holding and maintaining those assets are generally charged to expense.  Cash outlays for capitalized development costs totaled   $10.7 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . Costs related to operating, holding and maintaining our real estate assets were   $6.7 million   and   $19.4 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, and   $6.0 million   and   $18.8 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively.  
    
  The Company commenced a capital improvement program at its hotels and restaurants in Sedona, Arizona during the second quarter of 2015 which was substantially completed during the second quarter of 2016. We have incurred total project costs of   $11.2 million   through   September 30, 2016  , of which   $5.0 million   was incurred during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  
    
  As further described in Note 5, the Company and Titan formed Southwest JV for the purpose of holding and developing certain real property in Apple Valley, Minnesota for a planned multi-family residential housing and retail development to be known as Parkside Village (the  Apple Valley Project ).  The first phase of the Apple Valley Project consists of a   196  -unit multi-family residential housing development known as Gabella. IMH Gabella commenced leasing operations with respect to Gabella s first   98   units ( Phase I ) in the fourth quarter of 2015 and for the remaining   98   units ( Phase II ) during the first quarter of 2016. 
    
  In connection with the development of Gabella, the City of Apple Valley Economic Development Authority ( EDA ) provided various incentives to IMH Gabella help defray the cost of development, the receipt of which were subject to various completion milestones and other requirements. During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , IMH Gabella met the development requirements and were granted 1) a Tax Increment Financing (TIF) note receivable in the amount of   $2.7 million   (the  TIF Note ) which is included in tax increment financing receivable, assets held for sale in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet, 2) the recognition of contingently refundable TIF advances previously provided by the EDA in the amount of   $0.6 million  , and 3) the forgiveness of certain debt and related accrued interest due to the EDA with a balance totaling   $0.8 million   previously recorded by IMH Gabella.  The TIF Note bears annual interest at   5%   and is to be collected over time through the refund of a portion of property taxes collected by Dakota County in excess of the annual pre-development property tax amount. The TIF Note, TIF advances and forgiveness of debt totaled   $4.1 million  , and were treated as a reduction in the cost basis of Gabella, as they are effectively reducing the taxable base of the improved property. The TIF note receivable is classified as held for sale since it is anticipated that it will be sold in connection with the sale of Gabella. 
    
  The completion of Gabella and the subsequent issuance of the final certificate of occupancy during the second quarter of 2016 triggers Titan s right under the Development Services Agreement ( DSA ) to receive an amount equal to   10%   of the profit on any sale of Gabella since the project was completed both ahead of schedule and under-budget. Titan also has certain buy-out rights based on certain occupancy specifications and the passage of time, neither of which has occurred as of   September 30, 2016  . For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company has recorded the estimated fair value of its contingent profits-payment obligation to Titan of   $0.7 million   in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet as an increase in the asset basis with an offsetting increase to noncontrolling interests. During the second quarter of 2016, we reclassified Gabella to REO held for sale as a result of management s decision and actions to market that asset for sale and as of   September 30, 2016  , Gabella remains classified as REO held for sale. As a condition to sell the Gabella project, we are required to obtain 1) the consent of the EDA, from which the project received various business subsidies to help defray the cost of development of the project under a Development Assistance Agreement and related agreements, and 2) the buyer s consent to assume any ongoing obligations under  
  
   F-15 

    IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
    
  NOTE 4   OPERATING PROPERTIES AND REAL ESTATE HELD FOR DEVELOPMENT OR SALE- continued 

these agreements. We are seeking such consent from the EDA in connection with the anticipated sale of Gabella and do not expect such consent to be reasonably withheld. See Note 7 for further discussion. 
    
  We continue to evaluate our use and disposition options with respect to our REO assets. REO assets that are classified as held for sale or as other real estate owned are measured at the lower of carrying amount or fair value, less estimated cost to sell, and are subject to fair value analysis on not less than a quarterly basis.  REO assets that are classified as held for development or as operating properties are considered  held and used  and are evaluated for impairment when circumstances indicate that the carrying amount exceeds the sum of the un-discounted net cash flows expected to result from the development or operation and eventual disposition of the asset. 
    
  Reclassification of Assets from Operating Properties to Real Estate Held for Sale 
    
  In the second quarter of 2016, we reclassified our golf course and restaurant operation in Bullhead City, Arizona and Gabella to REO held for sale as a result of management s decision and actions to dispose of such assets in order to provide capital for the Company and undertake certain initiatives. These operations are actively being marketed to sell, and remain classified as REO held for sale as of   September 30, 2016  .  
    
  Similarly, during the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , we entered into an agreement to sell our commercial office building and related assets that were included in our Commercial and Residential Real Estate Leasing Operations segment, but were reclassified to our Mortgage and REO - Legacy Portfolio and Other Operations segment in the third quarter of 2014. The sales transaction closed in the third quarter of 2015. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , Gabella s assets represented   16.9%   of the Company s total assets. As such, Gabella qualified as an individually significant component of the Company. Our commercial and residential leasing operations, which for all periods prior to   September 30, 2016   were presented in the Commercial and Residential Real Estate Leasing Operations segment, but have since been reclassified to our Mortgage and REO - Legacy Portfolio and Other Operations segment, contributed pretax income of   $0.1 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   $0.6 million   in pretax losses for   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , and   $0.1 million   and   $0.2 million   in pretax losses for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively.   
    
  Based on management s analysis, the sales of these business operations do not require separate discontinued operations financial statement presentation since the disposition of these assets represent neither a strategic shift for the Company, nor did they have a major effect on our operations and financial results. 
  
   F-16 

IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 5 - INVESTMENT IN JOINT VENTURES, PARTNERSHIPS AND OTHER RELATED MATTERS 
  Variable Interest Entities 
    
  The determination of whether the assets and liabilities of a VIE are consolidated on our balance sheet or not consolidated on our balance sheet depends on the terms of the related transaction and our continuing involvement with the VIE. We determine whether we hold a variable interest in a VIE based on a consideration of the nature and form of our involvement with the VIE. We assess whether we are the primary beneficiary of a VIE on an ongoing basis. We are deemed the primary beneficiary and therefore consolidate VIEs for which we have both (a) the power, through voting rights or similar rights, to direct the activities that most significantly impact the VIE's economic performance, and (b) a variable interest (or variable interests) that (i) obligates us to absorb losses that could potentially be significant to the VIE; and/or (ii) provides us the right to receive residual returns of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. 
    
  Gabella Multifamily Project  
    
  A wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company is the managing member of, and holds a   90%   ownership interest in, Southwest JV. Titan initially held the remaining   7%   ownership interest, and acquired an additional   3%   profits-only interest based upon the satisfaction of certain budget and completion milestones with respect to the project. Titan met those milestones in the second quarter of 2016, at which time the Company recorded Titan s profit participation of   $0.7 million   in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet as an increase in the asset basis with an offsetting increase to noncontrolling interests. The Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, has the power and authority to govern the business of Southwest JV, subject to certain conditions.   
    
  Upon formation of Southwest JV, we contributed certain land, made certain cash equity contributions and IMH Gabella secured a   $24.0 million   construction loan for which the Company provided completion, repayment and carve-out guaranties.  Funding of this loan commenced during the second quarter of 2015 when the Company completed the required   $11.5 million   equity funding under the loan.  The Company has no further capital contribution requirements under the loan.  In the event that certain specified occupancy targets are met, Titan has the right to have its interests repurchased by Southwest JV, and Southwest JV, conversely, has certain rights to redeem Titan s interest in the event Titan fails to exercise those put rights within a specified time.  Generally, income or loss is to be allocated among the members of Southwest JV in accordance with their respective percentage interests.  Upon the sale of Gabella, the sale proceeds shall be distributed first to the Company in an amount equal to its capital contributions less any previous distributions it may have received, and then to the Company and Titan in accordance with their respective interests in Southwest JV. 
    
  The Company s interests in Southwest JV relate to equity ownership and profits participation between the members; a profits interest arrangement between the members involving certain budget and completion milestones; equity option provisions; parental guaranties related to construction financing; and contractual arrangements limiting Titan s initial participation in the economics of certain assets and liabilities. Terms of the equity option require the Company to purchase Titan s equity investment upon certain conditions, after a specified period of time if Titan elects to sell its equity investment. The Company provided Southwest JV with all of its initial capital, executed contracts on behalf of Southwest JV, and has final approval rights over all significant matters. The assets, liabilities, and results of operations of IMH Gabella are included in the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements under the voting interest model. Except for Titan s sale profit participation described above, Titan had no reportable interest in the assets, liabilities or equity of Southwest JV at   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015  , or in the net income or loss of IMH Gabella during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   or   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  Park City, Utah Lakeside VIE 
    
  In the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company, through a consolidated subsidiary, Lakeside DV Holdings, LLC ( LDV Holdings ), entered into a joint venture with a third party developer, Park City Development, LLC ( PCD ) for the purpose of acquiring, holding and developing certain real property located in Park City, Utah ( Lakeside JV ). The intent of Lakeside JV is to sell townhome, single family residential and hotel lots. Under the Lakeside JV limited liability company agreement, the Company agreed to contribute up to   $4.2 million   for a   90%   interest in Lakeside JV, while PCD agreed to contribute up to   $0.5 million   for a   10%   interest. PCD s principal has provided a limited guaranty to the Company for performance in the event of certain  bad boy  acts by PCD.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had contributed   $3.6 million   to Lakeside JV and is obligated to contribute an additional  
  
   F-17 

    IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
    
  NOTE 5   INVESTMENT IN JOINT VENTURES, PARTNERSHIPS AND OTHER RELATED MATTERS- continued 

$0.6 million   over the life of the development project, per the project s initial operating budget. During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company provided no financial or other support to Lakeside JV that was not contractually required. Equity balances in Lakeside JV are subject to a   12%   preferred return, compounded quarterly. Once the preferred return is distributed, a combination of pro rata distributions and additional distributions to PCD are made until PCD and the Company each receive a   26%   internal rate of return. Thereafter,   50%   of the balance is to be distributed pro rata to each party and   50%   is to be paid to PCD.   
    
  As more fully described in our Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , it was determined that the Company is not the primary beneficiary of Lakeside JV and, therefore, we do not consolidate our investment in the Park City, Utah VIE. The investment balance of   $3.4 million  , which is net of historical operating losses, is included as a component of investment in unconsolidated entities on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
    
  During 2015, the Company syndicated   $1.7 million   of its required investment in Lakeside JV to several investors ( Syndicates ) by selling preferred equity interests in LDV Holdings. These investments are included in noncontrolling interests, a component of shareholders  equity in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets.  LDV Holdings  cash flows are to be distributed first to its members in proportion to the preferred equity investment, including the preferred return, then to the extent of additional capital contribution made by the members. Thereafter, cash flows are to be distributed to members at varying rated as certain return hurdles are achieved. 
    
  In the Company s estimation, the fair value of the unimproved real estate holdings of Lakeside JV exceeds our investment basis as of   September 30, 2016  . The Company s maximum exposure to loss in the Lakeside JV as of   September 30, 2016   is   $2.4 million  .  The risk of loss on the balance of the investment is borne by the Syndicates. 
    
  During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the loss on the equity investment that was recorded in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations was   $48,000   and   $0.2 million  , respectively of which   $19,000   and   $0.1 million  , respectively, was allocable to the Syndicates.  
    
  The following is a summary of the Company s interest in the Park City Utah VIE and the Company s maximum exposure to loss as a result of its involvement as of   September 30, 2016  , (in thousands): 

Equity Interests Acquired through Guarantor Recoveries 
    
  During the second quarter of 2015, the Company, through certain subsidiaries, obtained certain real estate assets and equity interests in a number of limited liability companies and limited partnerships with various real estate holdings and related assets as a result of certain enforcement and collection efforts. Several of the limited liability companies and partnerships hold interests in real property and are now co-owned with various unrelated third parties. Since the entities were not considered VIEs, we applied the voting interest model to ascertain the need for consolidation. Certain of these entities have been consolidated in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements, while others have been accounted for under the equity method of accounting, based on the extent of the Company s controlling financial interest in each such entity. Based on our analysis, the consolidated entities in which these equity interests were awarded did not meet the definition of a business under GAAP since the only assets of such entities consist of unimproved real estate holdings, and the entities lack other inputs and processes necessary to produce outputs. 
    
  Because the entities did not qualify as businesses, the acquisition of such interests in these entities was deemed to be an asset acquisition, whereby we recorded our proportionate interest of each entity s total assets and liabilities at fair value at the date of acquisition. Thereafter, any subsequent income or loss is being allocated to controlling and noncontrolling interests based on their respective ownership percentages. For entities where the Company does not control the real estate venture, and the other unrelated partners (or the equivalent) either hold substantive participating rights or have control, the Company uses the equity method of accounting. 

F-18 

    IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
    
  NOTE 5   INVESTMENT IN JOINT VENTURES, PARTNERSHIPS AND OTHER RELATED MATTERS- continued 

As more fully described in our Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , as a result of limitations over the accuracy or reliability of available historical financial information, the Company has presented financial information on its investment in these entities based on the fair value of the underlying real estate assets and estimable liabilities as of the acquisition date, as it believes this information is reliable and relevant to the users of its financial statements.  
    
  The assets of these entities include primarily unimproved real estate and rights to develop water located in the Southwestern United States. The Company does not consolidate these entities because the Company and the other owners of equity interests in these entities share decision making abilities and have joint control over the entities, and/or because the Company does not control the activities of the entities. The Company does not have any obligation to fund the outstanding liabilities or working capital needs of these entities. The Company s ownership interests in these entities range from   2.4%   to   48.0%   and, collectively, the Company s net investment in these entities totals   $3.0 million   at   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Summarized Financial Information of Unconsolidated Entities 
    
  The following presents summarized certain financial information of the entities in which the Company holds investments that are recorded on the equity method as of and for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   (in thousands): 

There were no revenues and   $48,000   and   $0.2 million   of expenses incurred by our unconsolidated entities during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively. There were no revenues or expenses incurred by our unconsolidated entities during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
  
   F-19 

IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 6   FAIR VALUE  
    
  Valuation Allowance and Fair Value Measurement of Loans and Real Estate Owned 
    
  Our valuation analysis processes and procedures are disclosed in our previously filed Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . We perform a valuation analysis of our loans, REO held for sale and other REO not less frequently than on a quarterly basis. We consider all relevant, material circumstances to determine if, and the extent to which, a valuation allowance is required.  
    
  Impairment for our collateral dependent loans is measured at the balance sheet date based on the then fair value of the collateral in relation to contractual amounts due under the terms of the applicable loan if foreclosure is probable. Substantially all of our loans are deemed to be collateral dependent.  
    
  REO assets that are classified as held for sale and Other REO are measured at the lower of carrying amount or fair value, less estimated cost to sell. REO assets that are classified as operating properties or held for development are considered  held and used  and are evaluated for impairment when circumstances indicate that the carrying amount exceeds the sum of the undiscounted net cash flows expected to result from the development or operation and eventual disposition of the asset.  If an asset is considered impaired, an impairment loss is recognized for the difference between the asset s carrying amount and its fair value, less estimated cost to sell.  If we elect to change the disposition strategy for our real estate held for development, and such assets were deemed to be held for sale, we may record additional impairment charges, and the amount of such charges could be significant. 
    
  We assess the extent, reliability and quality of market participant inputs such as sales pricing, cost data, absorption, discount rates, and other assumptions, as well as the significance of such assumptions in deriving valuation.  We generally employ one of four valuation approaches (as applicable), or a combination of such approaches, in determining the fair value of the underlying collateral of each loan, REO held for sale and Other REO asset: (i) the development approach; (ii) the income capitalization approach; (iii)  the sales comparison approach; or (iv) the receipt of recent offers on specific properties.  The valuation approach taken depends on several factors including: 

the type of property; 
                
    the current status of entitlement and level of development (horizontal or vertical improvements) of the respective project; 
                
    the likelihood of a bulk sale as opposed to individual unit sales; 
                
    whether the property is currently or near ready to produce income; 
                
    the current sales price of property in relation to cost of development; 
                
    the availability and reliability of market participant data; and 
                
    the date of an offer received in relation to the reporting period. 
       
  With respect to projects for which we have received a bona fide written third-party offer (or have executed a purchase and sale agreement) to buy our real estate or loan, or we or the borrower has received a bona fide written third-party offer (or has executed a purchase and sale agreement) to buy the related project, we generally utilize the offer or agreement amount even where the amount is outside our current valuation range. An offer or agreement is only considered for valuation purposes if we deem it to be valid, reasonable, negotiable, and we believe the counterparty has the financial wherewithal to execute the transaction.  When deemed appropriate, the offers received may be discounted to allow for potential changes in our on-going negotiations. 
    
  Factors Affecting Valuation 
    
  The underlying collateral of our loans and our REO varies by stage of completion, which consists of either raw land (also referred to as pre-entitled land), entitled land, partially developed, or mostly developed/completed lots or projects. While we may engage outside independent third-party valuation firms on a periodic, as-needed basis to provide complete valuation reports for certain of our larger loans and REO assets, we rely primarily on our asset management consultants and internal staff to gather available market participant data from independent sources to establish assumptions used to derive fair value of the collateral supporting our loans and real estate owned for a majority of our loan and REO assets. 
    
  Our fair value measurement is based on the highest and best use of each property which is generally consistent with our current use for such property.  In addition, our assumptions are consistent with those that we believe market participants for those assets  
  
   F-20 

    IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
    
  NOTE 6   FAIR VALUE- continued 

would also use.  During the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , we performed both a macro analysis of market trends and economic estimates, as well as a detailed analysis on selected significant loan and REO assets. 
    
  The following is a summary of the procedures performed in connection with our fair value analysis as of and for the period ended   September 30, 2016  : 
    
           1. 
    We reviewed the status of each of our loans to ascertain the likelihood that we will collect all amounts due under the terms of the loans at maturity based on review of loan status and current real estate and credit market conditions. 
       
           2. 
    We reviewed the status of each of our REO assets to determine whether such assets continue to be properly classified as held for sale, held for development, operating properties or as other real estate owned as of the reporting date. 
       
           3. 
    For the period ended   September 30, 2016  , given the lack of significant change in overall general market conditions since   December 31, 2015   of our real estate asset portfolio, we performed an internal analysis to evaluate fair value of our portfolio. Our internal analysis of fair value included a review and update of current market participant activity, analysis of overall market conditions, the current status of any project related to that asset, our direct knowledge of local market activity affecting any such project, as well as other market indicators observed by our asset management group and third parties to determine whether there were any indications of a material increase or decrease in the value of the underlying collateral or REO asset since the last complete valuation for such asset.  Our asset-specific analysis focused on the higher valued assets of our loan collateral and REO portfolio.  We considered the results of our analysis and the potential valuation implication to the balance of the portfolio based on similar asset types and geographic location. 
       
           4. 
    In addition, in those instances where we have received a bona fide written third-party offer to buy our loans or REO assets (or have executed a purchase and sale agreement), or the borrower has received a bona fide written third-party offer to buy the related project (or has executed a purchase and sale agreement), we generally utilized the purchase price in such offer or agreement regardless of whether that amount is within or outside our current valuation range. An offer or agreement is only considered if we deem it to be valid, reasonable and negotiable, and we believe the counterparty has the financial wherewithal to execute the transaction.  
       
  Based on our analysis, the valuation approach taken and assumptions utilized with respect to each asset at   December 31, 2015   remained generally applicable at   September 30, 2016  , except for those assets subject to a recent bona fide written third-party offer or executed purchase and sales agreements.  See our previously filed Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015   for a summary of the key assumptions and valuation methodologies utilized to derive fair value. 
    
  Selection of Single Best Estimate of Value 
    
  We have historically obtained periodic valuation reports from third-party valuation specialists, consultants and/or from our internal asset management department for the underlying collateral of our loans and REO assets. The results of our valuation efforts generally provide a range of values for the collateral valued rather than a single point estimate because of variances in the potential value indicated from the available sources of market participant information.  The selection of a value from within a range of values depends upon general overall market conditions as well as specific market conditions for each property valued and its stage of entitlement or development.  In addition to third-party valuation reports, we utilize recently received bona fide purchase offers from independent third-party market participants or executed purchase and sale agreements that may be outside of the range of values indicated by the report from the third-party valuation specialist. In selecting the single best estimate of value, we consider the information in the valuation reports, credible purchase offers received and agreements executed, as well as multiple observable and unobservable inputs. 
    
  Valuation Conclusions 
    
  Based on the results of our evaluation and analysis, during the three and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and the three  months ended   September 30, 2015  , we did not record any non-cash provision for credit losses on our loan portfolio. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , we recorded a non-cash recovery of prior credit losses on our loan portfolio of   $0.5 million  . In addition, we recorded other net recoveries of credit losses of   $0.1 million   and   $1,000   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, relating to the collection of cash and other assets from guarantors on certain legacy loans, and   $0.2 million   and   $10.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. We did not record any  
  
   F-21 

    IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
    
  NOTE 6   FAIR VALUE- continued 

impairment charges for real estate owned during the three or   nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  During the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2015   we recorded impairment charges of   zero   and   $0.1 million  , respectively. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the valuation allowance totaled   $12.7 million   and   $12.9 million  , respectively, representing   97.2%   and   53.6%  , respectively, of the total outstanding loan principal and accrued interest balances. Based on the valuation and impairment allowance recorded as of   September 30, 2016  , we believe that, as of that date, the fair value of our loans, REO assets held for sale and Other REO is adequate in relation to the net carrying value of the related assets and that no additional valuation allowance or impairment is considered necessary.  While the above results reflect management s assessment of fair value as of   September 30, 2016   based on currently available data, we will continue to evaluate our loan and REO portfolio to determine the adequacy and appropriateness of the valuation allowance and/or carrying value.  Depending on market conditions, such updates may yield materially different values and potentially increase or decrease the valuation allowance for loans or impairment charges for REO assets. 
    
  Valuation Categories 
    
  There were no losses recorded during the three or   nine months ended September 30, 2016   or   2015   in the categories for which net mortgage loans and REO held for sale were measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis based upon the lowest level of significant input to the valuation as of   September 30, 2016   or   2015  . 
    
  Additionally, there were no assets that were measured at fair value using Level 2 inputs for which any losses were recorded during the three or   nine months ended September 30, 2016   or 2015.  Generally, all of our mortgage loans, REO held for sale and other REO are valued using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) obtained through updated analysis prepared by our asset management staff, except for such assets for which third party offers or executed purchase and sale agreements were used, which are considered Level 2 inputs.  Changes in the use of Level 3 valuations are based solely on whether we utilized third party offers for valuation purposes. 
  
   F-22 

IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 7   DEBT, NOTES PAYABLE AND SPECIAL ASSESSMENT OBLIGATIONS 
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , our notes payable and special assessment obligations consisted of the following (in thousands):  

Interest expense for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $2.3 million   and   $2.4 million  , respectively.  Interest expense for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $6.7 million   and   $7.6 million  , respectively. 
  
   F-23 

    IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
    
  NOTE 7   DEBT, NOTES PAYABLE AND SPECIAL ASSESSMENT OBLIGATIONS- continued 

Senior Indebtedness 
    
  In January 2015, the Company, through various of its subsidiaries, entered into a series of loan agreements, promissory notes and related agreements with Calmwater Capital 3, LLC ( Calmwater ) for three loans in the aggregate principal amount of   $78.8 million   for the purposes of refinancing 1) the Company s prior   $36.0 million   senior secured loan with NWRA Ventures I, LLC ( NW Capital ) and 2) a prior   $24.8 million   note payable from a bank, as well as to provide working capital for certain development activities and operational costs. The Company used   $4.0 million   of the loan proceeds to fund a portion of its equity commitment for the construction of Gabella and   $2.0 million   to partially fund the capital improvement program at the Company s hotel properties and restaurants located in Sedona, Arizona. The balance of the loan proceeds have been or are being used for working capital, reserves, and certain fees. 
    
  The general terms of the respective loans are as follows: 

A   $50.0 million   non-recourse loan secured by first liens on the Company s two operating hotel properties and restaurants located in Sedona, Arizona ( the Sedona Loan ). The Sedona Loan requires interest only payments which began on March 1, 2015 and bears annual interest at a base equal to the sum of: (i) the greater of (A)   0.50%   per annum or (B) LIBOR (as defined) plus (ii)   6.75%   per annum.  In connection with this loan, the Company entered into an interest rate cap agreement for the initial two-year term of the loan with a LIBOR-based strike rate, which the Company elected to expense upon execution. The Sedona Loan has a maturity date of February 1, 2018. The Company has an option to extend the maturity date for two consecutive 12-month periods, provided that 1) there are no outstanding events of default, 2) the Company obtains an extended interest rate cap agreement and 3) the Company complies with the other applicable terms set forth in the loan agreement including the payment of an extension fee of   $0.5 million  . The Sedona Loan is subject to a non-recourse carve-out guaranty by the Company which also includes a guarantee of completion of certain capital improvements at the Company s hotel properties. 
       
  The Sedona Loan contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, including, but not limited to: (i) a   $5.0 million   liquidity balance; (ii) a minimum net worth requirement of   $50.0 million  ; and (iii) DSCR and minimum NOI requirements measured on a trailing 12 month basis. During the third quarter of 2016, we sought and obtained an amendment to the minimum liquidity covenant to temporarily reduce the requirement to   $3.0 million   through December 31, 2016. Also, during the three months ended March 31, 2016, the hotels did not meet these DSCR and NOI requirements during the first quarterly measurement period, for which the lender provided a one-time forbearance through June 30, 2016. The hotels met the DSCR and NOI requirements during the second and third quarterly reporting periods. For purposes of the minimum net worth requirement, the lender has agreed that the carrying value of our redeemable convertible preferred stock is considered a component of shareholder s equity. The Sedona Loan also requires the Company to fund customary annual interest, tax, insurance, and FF E reserve accounts, each of which are pledged as additional collateral. Additional construction reserves were required in connection with the capital improvement program as well as funding for contractor liens filed in connection with the project. The Sedona Loan also contains customary events of default, the occurrence of which could result in the acceleration of the obligations under the loan and, under certain circumstances, the application of a default interest rate during the existence of an event of default at a rate equal to   5.0%   in excess of the note rate. The Company is permitted to make optional prepayments at any time, subject to a   .50%   prepayment premium if paid prior to February 1, 2017, and other conditions set forth in the loan agreement. Thereafter, the Company may prepay the Sedona Loan in full or in part without prepayment premium costs. 

A   $24.4 million   non-recourse loan secured by a) first liens on certain operating and non-operating real estate assets owned by affiliates of the Company, b) pledges by certain Company affiliates of their interests in certain mortgage loan documents evidencing payment obligations owed to such affiliates, and c) the Company s membership interest in IMH Gabella. The loan required interest only payments beginning on March 1, 2015 and bore annual interest at a base equal to the sum of: (i) the greater of (A)   0.50%   per annum or (B) LIBOR (as defined) plus (ii)   8.5%   per annum. The loan had a maturity date of February 1, 2017 and was repaid in full during the fourth quarter of 2015. 

A   $4.4 million   non-recourse loan secured by a) first liens on certain operating and non-operating real estate assets owned by affiliates of the Company and b) pledges by certain Company affiliates of their interests in certain mortgage loan documents evidencing payment obligations owed to such affiliates. The loan required interest only payments beginning on March 1, 2015 and bore annual interest at a base equal to the sum of: (i) the greater of (A)   0.50%   per annum or (B) LIBOR (as defined) plus (ii)   8.5%   per annum.  The loan had a maturity date of February 1, 2017 and was repaid in full during the fourth quarter of 2015. 
     
   F-24 

    IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
    
  NOTE 7   DEBT, NOTES PAYABLE AND SPECIAL ASSESSMENT OBLIGATIONS- continued 

Exchange Notes 
    
  Under the terms of a previous class action settlement, we conducted an offering of our   five  -year,   4%  , unsecured notes in exchange for common stock held by participating shareholders ( Exchange Offering ).  The Exchange Offering was completed in April 2014 and we issued Exchange Offering notes ( EO Notes ) with an aggregate face value of   $10.2 million  , which were recorded by the Company at fair value.  The estimated fair value of the EO Notes was   $6.4 million   based on an imputed effective yield of such notes of   14.6%   (as compared to the note rate of   4%  ) resulting in an original debt discount of the EO Notes of   $3.8 million  , with a balance of   $2.2 million   and   $2.8 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  This discount amount is being amortized as an adjustment to interest expense using the effective interest method over the term of the EO Notes. The amortized discount added to the principal balance of the EO Notes during the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   totaled   $0.2   million and   $0.5   million, respectively.  Interest is payable quarterly in arrears each January, April, July and October.  The EO Notes mature on April 28, 2019, and may be prepaid in whole or in part without penalty at the option of the Company.  However, subject to certain minimum cash and profitability conditions, the terms of the EO Notes may require a   50%   prepayment on April 29, 2018. 
    
  Notes Payable and Special Assessment Obligations, Assets Held for Sale 
    
  During the second quarter of 2016, the Company reclassified certain of its assets to REO held for sale as a result of management s decision and actions to dispose of such assets. In accordance with GAAP, we similarly reclassified the corresponding debt relating to such assets which includes each of the following notes payable and special assessment obligations. In addition to these liabilities, we have a   $4.0 million   line of credit obligation due to a related party as described below whose payoff is tied to the sale of certain assets held for sale. We have classified that indebtedness in notes payable to related parties in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
    
    Construction Loan 
    
  In October 2014, IMH Gabella secured a   $24.0 million   construction loan (the  Construction Loan ) in connection with the Gabella development from Bank of the Ozarks ( Ozarks ). The Company has made draws totaling   $22.1 million   on the Construction Loan as of   September 30, 2016   and does not expect any further draws to be made as the project is complete. The Construction Loan is secured by a first lien mortgage on the project, as well as certain adjacent parcels that are planned for future development, improvements thereon, and an assignment of rents and revenues. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the total carrying value of the land and improvements totaled   $25.7 million   and   $27.8 million  , respectively. Unless there is an event of default, the Construction Loan bears annual interest at the greater of (i) three-month LIBOR plus 375 basis points, or (ii)   4.25%  . The loan matures October 20, 2017, provided, however, that the initial term may be extended for two additional one-year terms subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including the payment of an extension fee equal to   0.25%   of the then outstanding principal balance of the Construction Loan. Interest only payments on the outstanding principal commenced on November 1, 2014 and monthly payments of principal and interest will commence on the earlier of (i) December 1, 2016 and (ii) the first month following stabilization (as defined in the loan agreement).  
    
  The Construction Loan is also subject to a completion and repayment carve-out guaranty by the Company and requires the Company to maintain a minimum liquidity balance of   $7.5 million   throughout the term of the loan. At various times during 2016 and as of   September 30, 2016  , we fell below the   $7.5 million   liquidity requirement, resulting in a non-compliance event under the terms of our guaranty. The lender has, to-date, not taken any enforcement action with respect to this non-compliance event. 
       
    Special Assessment Obligations 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , obligations arising from our allocated share of certain community facilities district special revenue bonds and special assessments had carrying values of   $3.9 million   and   $4.1 million  , respectively.  These obligations are described below. 
    
  One of the special assessment obligations had an outstanding balance of   $3.1 million   and   $3.2 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, and has an amortization period that extends through April 30, 2030, with an annual interest rate ranging from   5%   to   6%  .  This special assessment obligation is secured by certain real estate held for sale consisting of   171   acres of unentitled land located in Buckeye, Arizona which had a carrying value of   $5.3 million   at   September 30, 2016  .  

F-25 

    IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
    
  NOTE 7   DEBT, NOTES PAYABLE AND SPECIAL ASSESSMENT OBLIGATIONS- continued 

The other special assessment obligations are comprised of a series of special assessments that collectively had an outstanding balance of   $0.9 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  These special assessment obligations have amortization periods that extend through 2022, with annual interest rates ranging from   6%   to   7.5%  .  These special assessment obligations are secured by certain real estate consisting of   7   acres of unentitled land located in Dakota County, Minnesota, with a carrying value of   $3.7 million   at   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  The responsibility for the repayment of each of the foregoing special assessment obligations rests with the owner of the property and would transfer to the buyer of the related real estate upon sale.  Accordingly, if the assets to which these obligations relate are sold before the full amortization period of such obligations, the Company would be relieved of any further liability since the buyer would assume the remaining obligations. Nevertheless, these special assessment obligations are deemed to be obligations of the Company in accordance with GAAP because they are fixed in amount and for a fixed period of time. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we made principal repayments in the amount of   $0.2 million   on these special assessment obligations. 
    
    Development Assistance Note Payable 
    
  In connection with the Gabella project, we entered into, among other agreements, a business subsidy agreement and related loan agreement dated March 29, 2013, as amended on July 10, 2014, with the EDA, which were subsequently assigned to IMH Gabella.  Under the terms of the business subsidy agreement, the EDA agreed to advance to IMH Gabella up to   $1.1 million   as a loan. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the total amount advanced under the EDA loan agreement was   $0.8 million  . In no event is the EDA loan to exceed the amount received from Dakota County, Minnesota, for the statutory penalty and interest on special assessment taxes which were assessed in the tax years 2007 through 2011. The special assessment taxes and related statutory penalties and interest were fully repaid as of December 31, 2015.  The EDA loan bears interest at the rate of   6.0%   per annum which accrues until the loan is paid in full or is forgiven by the EDA. IMH Gabella met its performance obligation to complete the Gabella project prior to April 30, 2016, and has received a certificate of occupancy for the project. Accordingly, during the third quarter of 2016, the EDA forgave the   $0.8 million   loan balance and related accrued interest of   $0.1 million  . The loan forgiveness was treated as a reduction to the Gabella asset cost basis due to the nature and intent of the funding under this loan. 
    
  In order to retain the benefits received under the business subsidy agreement, IMH Gabella is not permitted to sell, transfer or otherwise convey all or part of the property for a period of five years following completion without the prior written consent of the EDA and any purchaser would have to assume any ongoing obligations under the business subsidy agreement. IMH Gabella is currently seeking the EDA s consent to sell Gabella provided that any buyer assume its obligations under the business subsidy agreement. 
    
  During the fourth quarter of 2015, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company borrowed   $5.4 million   pursuant to a non-revolving credit facility with the Banc of California, National Association (the  BOC Facility ). The BOC Facility was secured by a   $7.2 million   mortgage receivable, was guaranteed by the Company, was scheduled to mature on April 30, 2016, and bore interest at a per annum rate equal to the greater of (i) the prime rate as published by The Wall Street Journal (the  WSJ Prime Rate ) plus   1.25%  , or (ii)   4.5%  . During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we repaid the BOC Facility in full upon collection of the mortgage receivable that served as collateral for that loan. 
  In addition, during the fourth quarter of 2015, we purchased real estate located in New Mexico that was previously owned by certain partnerships in which the Company was awarded equity interests that had been foreclosed upon by the prior lien holder/seller. The purchase price for that real estate was   $6.8 million  , for which the seller provided seller-financing of   $5.9 million  . The note bears interest at the WSJ Prime Rate as of December 31, 2015 (recalculated annually) plus   2%   for the first two years, and the WSJ Prime Rate plus   3%   thereafter. Interest only payments are due on December 31 of each year with the principal balance and any accrued unpaid interest due at maturity on December 31, 2019. The note may be prepaid in whole or in part without penalty. 
  Note Payable to Related Party 
  In December 2014, the Company borrowed   $5.0 million   from SRE Monarch Lending, LLC ( SRE Monarch ) pursuant to an unsecured non-revolving credit facility ( SRE Note ).  The Company used the loan proceeds to make a scheduled payment under the Company s then-senior loan. SRE Monarch is a related party of Seth Singerman, one of the Company s directors and an affiliate of one of our preferred equity holders. The SRE Note bears interest at a per annum base rate of   16%  , and is subject to increase in the event it is not repaid in full on or prior to the maturity date. 

F-26 

    IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
    
  NOTE 7   DEBT, NOTES PAYABLE AND SPECIAL ASSESSMENT OBLIGATIONS- continued 

The SRE Note was originally scheduled to mature on the 91st day after full repayment of the Company s then-senior loan. During 2015 and 2016, the Company entered into a series of amendments to extend the SRE Note s maturity date, for which the latest extension was executed on September 23, 2016. The current maturity date is December 22, 2016. The Company paid all accrued interest at the date of each amendment and incurred various extension fees totaling   $0.5 million   during each of the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , which fees are considered earned and have been or are being amortized over the loan term. Any unpaid interest is due upon maturity. 
    
  Revolving Line of Credit with Related Party 
    
  In March 2016, a subsidiary of the Company executed an agreement with SRE Monarch for a   $4.0 million   revolving secured line of credit facility ( SRE Revolver ). The SRE Revolver bears interest at a per annum base rate of   5%   and matures on the earliest to occur of (i) December 22, 2016, (ii) the sale of the land serving as collateral under the SRE Revolver, or (iii) the sale of Gabella. The SRE Revolver is secured by certain land owned by a subsidiary of the Company with a carrying value of   $5.3 million  , and is guaranteed by the Company. The full amount of the SRE Revolver has been drawn. All amounts advanced under the SRE Revolver may be prepaid in whole or in part without premium or penalty. Upon entering into the SRE Revolver, the Company paid a facility fee and other closing costs totaling approximately   $0.2 million  .  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we incurred total fees of   $0.5 million   in connection with the SRE Revolver, which have been or are being amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the term of the line of credit. 
    
  In the event of a sale of the land serving as collateral under the SRE Revolver prior to March 31, 2017 ("Facility Exit Date"), we are obligated to pay SRE Monarch an amount equal to five percent (  5%  ) of the net sale proceeds. In the event that no sale of the collateral has occurred or is expected to occur prior to the Facility Exit Date, we are obligated to pay SRE Monarch an amount equal to five percent (  5%  ) of the presumed net sales proceeds based on the appraised value of the collateral. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company reclassified the collateral to REO held for sale. 
    
  Our debt, notes payable and special assessment obligations have the following scheduled maturities as of   September 30, 2016   (in thousands): 

F-27 

IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 8   SEGMENT INFORMATION 
    
  Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise that engage in business activity from which revenues are earned and expenses incurred for which discrete financial information is available that is evaluated regularly by our chief operating decision makers in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. As of and for the period ended   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company s reportable segments are based on the products and services offered by the Company and management s intent for such assets, which include the following: 
    
  Hospitality and Entertainment Operations     Consists of revenues less direct operating expenses, depreciation and amortization relating to hotel, golf, spa, and food   beverage operations.  This segment also reflects the carrying value of such assets and the related financing and operating obligations. 
    
  Mortgage and REO   Legacy Portfolio and Other Operations     Consists of the collection, workout and sale of new and legacy loans and REO assets, including the financing of such asset sales, the carrying costs of such assets and other related expenses. This segment also reflects the carrying value of such assets and the related financing and operating obligations. This segment also consists of  rental revenue and tenant recoveries less direct property operating expenses (maintenance and repairs, real estate taxes, management fees, and other operating expenses), depreciation and amortization from commercial and residential real estate leasing operations, and the carrying value of such assets and the related financing and operating obligations.  
    
  Prior to June 30, 2016, the Company reported amounts for the commercial and residential real estate leasing operations in a separate segment titled Commercial and Residential Real Estate Leasing Operations. Commencing in the quarter ended June 30, 2016, the amounts and results of the previously reported Commercial and Residential Real Estate Leasing Operations segment were combined with the Mortgage and REO - Legacy Portfolio and Other Operations segment. All prior periods have been restated in the following segment tables and discussion to correspond to this segment change. This reclassification aligns the Company s reportable segments with the overall strategy of the Company since the related assets in the Commercial and Residential Real Estate Leasing Operations segment were classified as REO held for sale once it was economically feasible to dispose of such assets, as the Company did not intend to operate the assets on a long-term basis. 
    
  Corporate and Other     Consists of our centralized general and administrative and corporate treasury and deposit gathering activities, and interest expense associated with non-property specific debt issuances. Corporate and Other also includes reclassifications and eliminations between the reportable operating segments, if any. This segment also reflects the carrying value of such assets and the related financing and operating obligations. 
    
  The information presented in our reportable segments tables that follow are based, in part, on internal allocations, which involve management judgment. Substantially all revenues recorded are from external customers.  There is no material intersegment activity. 
    
  Condensed consolidated financial information for our reportable operating segments as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   and for the   three and nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   is summarized as follows (in thousands): 
  
   F-28 

    IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
    
  NOTE 8   SEGMENT INFORMATION- continued 

F-29 

    IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
    
  NOTE 8   SEGMENT INFORMATION- continued 

F-30 

    IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
    
  NOTE 8   SEGMENT INFORMATION- continued 

F-31 

    IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
    
  NOTE 8   SEGMENT INFORMATION- continued 

F-32 

    IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
    
  NOTE 8   SEGMENT INFORMATION- continued 

F-33 

    IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
    
  NOTE 8   SEGMENT INFORMATION- continued 

F-34 

IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 9   STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY AND EARNINGS PER SHARE 
    
  Common Stock 
    
  Shares of Common Stock, Class B Common Stock, Class C Common Stock, and Class D Common Stock share proportionately in our earnings and losses attributable to common shareholders. There are no shares of the Class D common stock outstanding as of   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015  .  
    
  In addition, at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company had reserved the following number of shares of its authorized but unissued common stock for possible future issuance in connection with the following (in thousands): 

Preferred Stock 
    
  In 2014, the Company issued a total of   8.2 million   shares of its Series B-1 and B-2 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock ( Series B Preferred Stock ) to certain investor groups (collectively, the  Series B Investors ) in exchange for   $26.4 million   (the  Preferred Investment ). Except for certain voting rights, the rights and obligations of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock and Series B-2 Preferred Stock are substantially the same.  
    
  The Certificate of Designation contains numerous provisions relating to dividend preferences, redemption rights, liquidation preferences and requirements, conversion rights, voting rights, investment committee participation and other restrictive covenants with respect to the Series B Preferred Stock. Other than the following items, there were no material changes to the descriptions of the foregoing contained in our Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .   

Dividends  . Dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock are cumulative and accrue from the issue date and compound quarterly at the rate of   8%   of the issue price per year, payable quarterly in arrears. During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we incurred cash dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock of   $0.5 million   and   $1.6 million   for each period, respectively.  

Redemption upon Demand  . At any time after July 24, 2019, each holder of Series B Preferred Stock may require the Company to redeem, out of legally available funds, the shares of Series B Preferred Stock held by such holder at the a price (the  Redemption Price ) equal to the greater of (i) 150% of the sum of the original price per share of the Series B Preferred Stock plus all accrued and unpaid dividends or (ii) the sum of the tangible book value of the Company per share of voting Common Stock plus all accrued and unpaid dividends, as of the date of redemption. Based on the initial investment of   $26.4 million  , the Redemption Price would presently be   $39.6 million  , resulting in a redemption premium of   $13.2 million  . In accordance with applicable accounting standards, Series B Preferred Stock is classified as temporary equity on the balance sheet and we have elected to amortize the redemption premium using the effective interest method as an imputed dividend over the five year holding term of the Series B Preferred Stock. During the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we recorded amortization of the redemption premium of   $0.6 million   for each period as a deemed dividend.  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we recorded amortization for the redemption premium of   $1.9 million   and   $1.7 million  , respectively.  
       
  Share-Based Compensation 
    
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we issued options to our employees to purchase an aggregate of   324,500   shares of our common stock under our First Amended and Restated 2010 Employee Stock Incentive Plan ( 2010 Stock Incentive Plan ).  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , options to purchase   60,000   shares of our common stock were forfeited in connection with the termination of certain employees. During the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company s board  
  
   F-35 

    IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
    
  NOTE 9   STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY AND EARNINGS PER SHARE- continued 

approved the issuance of   86,207   shares of restricted common stock under our 2010 Stock Incentive Plan. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , options to purchase   75,000   shares of our common stock were forfeited in connection with the termination of certain employees. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  ,   69,590   unvested restricted stock grants were forfeited upon termination of certain employees. As of   September 30, 2016  , there were (i) fully vested stock options to purchase   686,667   shares of our common stock, (ii) fully vested warrants to purchase   2,000,000   shares of common stock, and (iii) unvested restricted stock grants for   929,542   shares of common stock.  Net stock-based compensation expense relating to our restricted stock and option grants was   $0.2 million   and   $0.6 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, and   $0.3 million   and   $0.6 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively. We did not receive any cash from option or warrant exercises during the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   or   2015  . As of   September 30, 2016  , there was   $1.1 million   of unrecognized compensation cost related to the time-based restricted stock and stock options that is expected to be recognized as a charge to earnings over the remaining weighted-average vesting period of   1.65   years. 
    
  Net Loss Per Common Share 
    
  The Company has adopted the two-class computation method, and thus includes all participating securities in the computation of basic shares for the periods in which the Company has net income available to common shareholders.  A participating security is defined as an unvested share-based payment award containing non-forfeitable rights to dividends regardless of whether or not the awards ultimately vest or expire.  Net losses are not allocated to participating securities unless the holder has a contractual obligation to share in the losses. 
    
  The following table presents a reconciliation of net loss from continuing operations to net loss attributable to common shareholders used in the basic and diluted loss per share calculations for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   (amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data): 

The following weighted average securities were not included in the computation of diluted net loss per share as their effect would have been anti-dilutive (in thousands):   

F-36 

IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 10   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
    
  Gabella Development Services Agreements 
    
  Under terms of this agreement, Titan is entitled to a (i) pre-development services fees not to exceed   $0.4 million  , (ii) a development services fee equal to   3.0%   of the total project cost (less an agreed-upon land basis of   $3.0 million  ), and (iii) a post-development services fee of between   7%   to   10%   of the profit realized from the sale of the project. Alternatively, not earlier than   15   months following the achievement of   90%   occupancy for the project, Titan may elect to cause us to buy out its interest in the project. If Titan makes such an election, the post-development services fee will be based on the fair market value of the project at the time of the election. During the second quarter of 2016, the Company recorded Titan s post-development services fee   $0.7 million   in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet as an increase in the asset basis with an offsetting increase to noncontrolling interests. The agreement is in effect until the fifth anniversary of the substantial completion of the project, as defined. If we elect not to proceed with phase 1, 2 or 3 of the project prior to our approval to proceed with development of each phase, the agreement is cancelable by us upon   30   days notice to Titan, subject to full payment of (i) the predevelopment services fee for each phase we elect not to develop, (ii) a   $0.5 million   breakage fee for each phase we elect not to develop, and (iii) any budgeted and approved costs incurred to date.  During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we paid Titan   zero   and   $0.3 million  , respectively, in development services fees due under these arrangements. During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , we paid Titan   $0.1 million   and   $0.4 million  , respectively. 
    
  Guarantor Recovery 
    
  As more fully described in our Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , we previously received judgments against certain guarantors in connection with their personal guarantees on certain legacy assets.  Due to the uncertainty regarding the ability of these guarantors to pay the judgment amounts, we do not record recoveries for any amounts due under such judgments, except to the extent we have received assets without contingencies. In addition, these judgments may be subject to appeal. 
    
  We recorded recovery income of   $0.1 million   and   $0.2 million   during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, for cash collected under certain settlements. During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , we recorded total recovery income of   $1,000   and   $10.7 million  , respectively, relating to cash and or other assets received in connection with such enforcement and collection efforts. 
    
  We are continuing to investigate and evaluate the assets of various guarantors. However, the nature, amount and availability of such assets are not determinable as of   September 30, 2016   and have not been recognized as recovery income in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations.  Further recoveries under this and other enforcement and collection efforts will be recognized when realization of the recovery is deemed probable and when all contingencies relating to recovery have been resolved. 
    
  Legal Matters 
    
  We may be a party to litigation as the plaintiff or defendant in the ordinary course of business.  While various asserted and unasserted claims may exist, resolution of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty.  We establish reserves for legal claims when payments associated with the claims become probable and the payments can be reasonably estimated.  Given the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of litigation and regulatory matters, it is generally difficult to predict what the eventual outcome will be, and when the matter will be resolved.  The actual costs of resolving legal claims may be higher or lower than any amounts reserved for the claims. 
    
  Partnership Claim 
    
  In May 2015, Justin Ranch 123 LLLP ( Justin 123 ), an Arizona limited liability limited partnership for which a wholly-owned subsidiary of IMH serves as general partner, sold certain real estate assets in an arms-length transaction approved by a court-appointed receiver. During the quarter ended March 31, 2016, a limited partner in Justin 123 filed a complaint in United States District Court for Arizona against the Company, certain of our subsidiaries, our CEO in his individual capacity and the court-appointed receiver, alleging that the defendants were in violation of their fiduciary duties to the limited partner. Subsequently, the complaint was amended to dismiss without prejudice all claims against the receiver and our CEO. The plaintiff is seeking an unspecified amount of consequential damages and losses, and removal of the Company s subsidiary as general partner.  Management believes the plaintiff s claims are without merit and intends to vigorously defend against this claim. 
  
   F-37 

    IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
    
  NOTE 10   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES- continued 

Intercreditor Agreement Claim 
    
  The Company and certain of our subsidiaries are defendants in a case that is in the Arizona District Court. The case arose from claims by another creditor of the Justin 123 receivership discussed above, alleging breach of conduct and other related claims stemming from a Partial Settlement and Intercreditor Agreement entered into among the major creditors, including the claimant and certain of our subsidiaries. The suit seeks damages totaling   $0.3 million  , attorney fees, and punitive damages. The Company believes that the claims are without merit and intends to vigorously defend its position. The ultimate outcome of this litigation cannot presently be determined; however, an accrual of   $0.3 million   is reflected in the financial statements. The Company believes that any liability it may ultimately incur would not have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or its results of operations. 

F-38 

IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 11   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
    
  Notes Payable 
    
  As described further in Note 7, the Company has an outstanding note payable to SRE Monarch in the amount of   $5.0 million  . SRE Monarch is a related party of Seth Singerman, one of the Company s directors and an affiliate of one of our preferred equity holders. The SRE Note bears interest at a per annum base rate of   16%  , and is subject to increase in the event it is not repaid in full on or prior to the maturity date or extended maturity date. During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we incurred interest expense on the SRE Note totaling   $0.2 million   and   $0.6 million  , respectively. During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , we incurred interest expense on the SRE Note totaling   $0.1 million   and   $0.6 million  , respectively. 
    
  The original maturity date of the SRE Note was April 24, 2015. During 2015 and 2016, the Company entered into a series of amendments to extend the SRE Note s maturity date, for which the latest extension was executed on September 23, 2016.  The current maturity date is December 22, 2016. The Company paid all accrued interest at the date of each amendment, and incurred various extension fees totaling   $0.5 million  , of which   $0.1 million   was paid during the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , and   $0.4 million   was paid during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . The extension fees are being amortized over each extension term. Any unpaid interest is due upon maturity. 
    
  Line of Credit 
    
  In March 2016 a subsidiary of the Company executed an agreement with SRE Monarch for a revolving secured line of credit facility ( SRE Revolver ). The SRE Revolver had an initial advance limit of   $2.5 million   subject to an increase to   $4.0 million   with   12   days written notice and the payment of a   $25,000   fee. Additionally, upon each advance, the Company must pay a   $50,000   advance fee. Upon entering into the SRE Revolver, the Company paid a facility fee and other closing costs totaling   $0.2 million  . All amounts advanced under the SRE Revolver may be prepaid in whole or in part without premium or penalty. During April 2016, we drew our initial advance in the amount of   $2.5 million  , and during August 2016 we drew the remaining   $1.5 million  , in order to provide additional working capital for the Company. Additionally, we negotiated an extension of the SRE Revolver s maturity date from September 23, 2016 to December 22, 2016 and incurred additional extension fees of   $0.2 million   to SRE Monarch. In connection with this this line of credit, we incurred total fees during 2016 totaling   $0.5 million   which have been or are being amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the term of the line of credit.  
    
  Contractual Agreements 
    
  Juniper Capital Partners, LLC and Related Entities  
    
  In July 2014,  the Company entered into a consulting services agreement (the  Consulting Agreement ) with JCP Realty Advisors, LLC ( JCP ), an affiliate of Juniper Capital and one of the Series B Investors, pursuant to which JCP agreed to perform various services for the Company, including, but not limited to, (a) advising the Company with respect to identifying, structuring, and analyzing investment opportunities, and (b) assisting the Company in managing and liquidating assets, including non-performing assets.  The initial term of the Consulting Agreement is three years and is automatically renewable for an additional two years unless notice of termination is provided. 
    
  JCP is entitled to an annual base consulting fee of   $0.6 million   under the Consulting Agreement (subject to possible upward adjustment based on annual review by our board of directors). In addition to the annual base consulting fee, JCP may be entitled to certain additional fees in connection with loans made by the Company or its affiliates to persons or opportunities arising through the efforts of JCP. JCP is also entitled to legacy fee payments derived from the disposition of certain assets held by the Company as of December 31, 2010, at an amount equal to   5.5%   of the positive difference derived by subtracting (i)   110%   of our December 31, 2010 valuation mark of that asset then owned by us from the (ii) the gross sales proceeds, if any, from sales of that asset (on a legacy asset by asset basis without any offset for losses realized on any individual asset sales). 
    
  During the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we incurred base consulting fees to JCP of   $0.2 million   for each period. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we incurred base consulting fees to JCP of   $0.5 million   for each period. The consulting fees are included in professional fees in the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of operations. During the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , JCP earned   no   legacy fees. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , JCP earned legacy fees in the amount of   $0.1 million  . 
  
   F-39 

    IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
    
  NOTE 11   RELATED PARTIES- continued 

SRE Fee Agreement 
    
  In July 2014, we entered into an agreement with SRE, an affiliate with one of our directors, pursuant to which SRE is entitled to certain fees if we make or enter into loans or investments originated or identified by SRE. The Company made no payments under this agreement during the three or   nine months ended September 30, 2016   or   2015  .  
    
  Investment in Lakeside JV 
    
  As described further in Note 5, during 2015, the Company syndicated   $1.7 million   of its equity investment in Lakeside JV to several investors by selling equity interests in LDV Holdings, of which   $1.4 million   was sold to various related parties, including   $1.1 million   to one of the Company s directors and preferred shareholders,   $0.2 million   to two members of the Company s board of directors, and   $0.1 million   to a partner of one of the Company s outside law firms. The Company incurred legal or other professional fees totaling   $0.1 million   to that law firm during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  . The Company incurred legal or other professional fees totaling   $0.5 million   and   $0.7 million   to that law firm during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The Company had outstanding accounts payable to that law firm totaling   $0.3 million   and   $0.2 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  
   F-40 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
  The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the audited financial statements and accompanying notes as of and for the year ended   December 31, 2015   included in our previously filed Annual Report on Form 10-K ( Form 10-K ), and with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q ( Form 10-Q ).  
  Forward-Looking Statements 
  This Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements which relate to expectations, beliefs, projections, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. In some cases, you can identify forward looking statements by terms such as  anticipate,   believe,   could,   estimate,   expect,   intend,   likely,   may,   will,   plan,   potential,   should  and  would  or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. Forward-looking statements in this Form 10-Q include: our business strategy and liquidity plan, including our intention to dispose of a significant portion of our mortgage loans and other real estate assets in the next 12 months, and our goals and plans to invest in different real estate platforms, including consideration of opportunities to act as a sponsor and co-investor in real estate mortgages and other real estate-based vehicles, diversify our investments geographically and expand our investment capital base and pursue development activities with certain REO properties; the outcome of actions we may take, or fail to take, that result in defaults of obligations that have liens or collateral interest in our commercial mortgage loan and REO properties, including our ability to cure such defaults; our plans and the anticipated timing and results relating to our actions to foreclose on defaulted mortgage loans; trends and expectations relating to the real estate and lending markets we operate in; expected amortization period of unrecognized compensation costs; that future mortgage income will remain at minimal levels; that property taxes, costs and expenses relating to REO assets and other operating expenses may increase; that we may modify existing loans and/or subordinate our first lien position on our mortgage loans to protect our collateral and maximize our opportunity for recovery; that the concentration of our current loan portfolio will not materially change until we begin making new loans; our sources and the sufficiency of liquidity in the next twelve months; that our financial assets do not give rise to significant interest rate risk; that we may sell whole loans or participations in loans to increase our liquidity; the impact of new accounting standards; that we expect to complete the foreclosure process on our defaulted real estate mortgage loans in the next six to nine months; expectations about future derivative investments; recent trends and expectations relating to rental and hospitality and entertainment activities; that changes in our disposition strategy and related changes in classifications of such assets under GAAP could result in material impairment charges; our future liability relating to CFD and special assessment obligations; that the fair value of the collateral underlying our mortgage loans is sufficient in relation to the current carrying value of the related loans; and that we may further increase our leverage.  
  The forward-looking statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance. These beliefs, assumptions and expectations can change, and actual results and events may differ materially, as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to us or are within our control. These risk factors and uncertainties should be carefully considered by current and potential investors.     Important factors currently known to management that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in forward-looking statements, and that could negatively affect our business include:  

that we may continue to record losses;  
                
    that we may incur increased operating expenses;  
                
    that a substantial portion of our loan portfolio is comprised of non-performing and distressed assets; 
                
    that we continue to foreclose on our remaining mortgage loan portfolio; 
                
    the concentration of credit risk to a particular borrower or borrower group; 
                
    difficulties in analyzing potential investment opportunities as a result of dislocations in the real estate market; 
                
    our relative inexperience in managing and developing real estate acquired through foreclosure; 
                
    our inability to sell our current mortgage loan and REO assets and execute our business and liquidity strategy; 
                
    our inability to resume our mortgage loan lending activities or implement our investment strategy and grow our business; 
                
    risks of owning real property obtained through foreclosure or other means; 
                
    the supply of commercial mortgage loans and the resulting impact on our strategy; 
                
    litigation; 
                
    our inability to retain and hire consultants and employees necessary to execute our business strategy; 
     
   1 

the lack of a secondary market for our loans that impairs our ability to diversify our portfolio; 
                
    lack of access to public and private capital markets; 
                
    the short-term nature of the loans we originate;  
                
    risks of holding subordinated loans; 
                
    lender due diligence risks; 
                
    recent legislative initiatives; 
                
    government regulation; 
                
    failure to maintain our exemption from registration under the Investment Company Act; 
                
    lender loan covenants that restrict our liquidity; 
                
    our ability to secure joint venture partners on development projects; 
                
    risks related to additional borrowings; 
                
    that our liquidity is subject to a cash management agreement or other controlled accounts; 
                
    restrictive covenants that are contained in debt agreements; 
                
    the risks our borrowers are exposed to that could impair their ability to repay our loans; 
                
    inability of our commercial borrowers to generate sufficient income from their operating properties to repay our loans; 
                
    declines in value of our real estate collateral arising from inaccurate estimates of value due to management or appraisal errors or subsequent events; 
                
    failure of our underwriting standards; 
                
    that the guarantors of our mortgage loans will have insufficient assets or resources to support their guarantees; 
                
    a decline in the fair value of our assets; 
                
    uncertainty relating to assets valued at fair value; 
                
    reductions in income resulting from our borrowers  refinancing their loans at lower interest rates; 
                
    the adverse effects on our business of increasing interest rates; 
                
    competition; 
                
    geographic concentration in our loan and REO portfolio; 
                
    protection of our rights as a secured lender; 
                
    exposure to liability under lender liability laws; 
                
    inadequate insurance coverage on the REO properties we acquire; 
                
    hazardous substances on the REO properties we acquire; 
                
    our inability to utilize our tax net operating losses; 
                
    continued decline in economic conditions;  
                
    reliance on key personnel; 
                
    conflicts of interest relating to existing contractual agreements; 
                
    complex accounting rules; 
                
    our failure to maintain adequate internal controls; 
                
    our ability to change our business, leverage and financing strategies without stockholder consent; 
                
    use of liquidity to pay required preferred dividends; 
                
    covenants relating to the issuance of preferred stock that restrict our ability to take certain actions; 
                
    restrictions on the payment of dividends to common stockholders; 
                
    dilution resulting from future issuances of debt and equity securities;  
                
    provisions in our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and Delaware law that could impede or delay an acquisition of the Company; and 
     
   2 

other factors listed in Item 1A  Risk Factors  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .   
       
  You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which it was made. While forward-looking statements reflect our good faith beliefs, they are not guarantees of future performance. The factors described within this Form 10-Q could affect our financial performance and could cause actual results for future periods to differ materially from any opinions or statements expressed with respect to such future periods. Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the events described by our forward-looking statements might not occur. We qualify any and all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary factors. Please keep this cautionary note in mind as you read this Form 10-Q and the documents incorporated by reference into this Form 10-Q. 

Overview of the Business 
    
  We are a real estate investment and finance company based in the southwestern United States with over a decade of experience in various and diverse facets of the real estate lending and investment process, including origination, acquisition, underwriting, documentation, servicing, enforcement, development, marketing, and disposition. 
    
  The Company s focus is to invest in, originate, manage and dispose of commercial real estate mortgage and related investments, and to perform all functions reasonably related thereto, including developing, managing and either holding for investment or disposing of real property acquired through foreclosure, investment or other means. The Company also considers opportunities to act as a sponsor and/or co-investor in real estate mortgages and other real estate-based investment vehicles.  
    
  Through our traditional credit analysis coupled with real estate valuation techniques used by developers, we have invested in real estate assets with a carrying value of   $151.0 million   as of   September 30, 2016  , comprised primarily of owned property acquired through foreclosure with a carrying value of   $150.6 million  . Our owned property consists of operating properties, REO held for sale and other REO assets. Our mortgage loans and REO held for sale are being marketed for disposition within the next twelve months. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we sold   six   REO assets (or portions thereof) for   $3.4 million  , net of selling costs, which resulted in a net gain of approximately   $0.1 million  , and we sold   one   mortgage loan for   $3.0 million  , net of selling costs, which resulted in a net loss of approximately   $0.1 million  . We also received   $7.6 million   in principal mortgage payments during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 
    
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   we reclassified certain REO assets from operating properties, REO held for development and Other REO to REO held for sale due to management s decision to dispose of such assets and efforts taken to achieve such disposal. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , our operating properties consisted of the following: 

Two operating hotels located in Sedona, Arizona. One of the hotels is an 89-room resort hotel with an on-site restaurant and spa known as L Auberge de Sedona ( L Auberge ). Our other hotel property is Orchards Inn, a 70-room limited-service hotel with a restaurant located adjacent to the hotel. The Company began a capital improvement program at these properties in mid-2015 which was substantially completed by the end of the second quarter of 2016. 

A 196-unit multi-family residential leasing development located in Apple Valley, Minnesota known as Gabella. The first 98 units of this project were completed and commenced leasing in the fourth quarter of 2015, and the second 98 units were completed and commenced leasing in the first quarter of 2016. The assets and liabilities of this operation are classified as REO held for sale as of   September 30, 2016   as a result of management s decision and actions to market that asset for sale during the second quarter of 2016.  

A golf course operation in Bullhead City, Arizona which offers golf, spa and food and beverage operations. The assets of this operation are classified as REO held for sale as of   September 30, 2016   as a result of management s decision and actions to market that asset for sale during the second quarter of 2016. 
       
  In addition to managing its operating properties and engaging in on-going real estate development activities, management continues to aggressively pursue enforcement action against current and former borrowers through foreclosure and recovery of other guarantor assets. We recorded recovery income of   $0.1 million   and   $0.2 million   during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively. 

3 

During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we repaid a   $5.4 million   note payable to a bank upon collection of the mortgage receivable that served as collateral for that loan. In addition, we secured a   $4.0 million   revolving line of credit from a related party, of which the entire balance has been drawn upon and remains outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Continuing Challenges 
    
  We continue to face a number of challenges impacting our financial performance including, but not limited to, the following: 
    
           1. 
    We have been unable to fully fund our operations, including interest expense and preferred dividend obligations, out of income from ongoing operations, and as such, we remain dependent on borrowings and sales of real estate assets to generate sufficient cash to sustain operations;  
       
           2. 
    Despite our efforts to expedite the sale of our assets through reduced pricing and increased marketing, the velocity of asset sales has been slower than desired or anticipated.  This has been attributed to various factors including, but not limited to, a constrained financing market for certain of our assets, longer than expected due diligence periods, and that certain of our REO assets are held in less desirable local markets; 
       
           3. 
    While we have sought various financing alternatives during the first   nine   months of 2016, we have been unable to secure new or replacement financing at favorable terms; and 
       
           4. 
    Certain loan guarantee agreements contain a minimum liquidity covenant which has the effect of restricting the use of our cash to fund operations, engage in new development activities or acquire additional assets, thereby negatively impacting our operating results. 
       
  Key Operational Aspects 

4 

Results of Operations for the   Three and Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2016   Compared to the   Three and Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2015    

Operating Property Revenue.   For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , operating property revenue was   $7.8 million   as compared to   $5.6 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , an increase of   $2.2 million  , or   39.1%  . The increase in operating property revenue for the three month period is primarily attributable to revenues from Gabella, as well as a higher combined average daily rate ( ADR ) at the Company s hotel properties during the third quarter of 2016. The operating property revenue from Gabella was   $0.6 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   while no Gabella revenues were recorded during the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . The ADR for the Company s hotel properties during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   was   $346  , compared to   $259   during the same period in 2015. Additionally, the hotel properties increased occupancy to   76.9%   during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to occupancy of   75.4%   during the same period in 2015. 
    
  For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , operating property revenue was   $23.4 million   compared to   $21.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , an increase of   $1.7 million   or   7.9%  . The increase in operating property revenue for the nine month period is primarily attributed to revenues from Gabella, as well as increased ADR at our two hotels, which was partially offset by decreased occupancy as compared to the same period in 2015. The operating property revenue from Gabella was   $1.3 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   while no Gabella revenues were recorded during the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . However, we recorded $1.0 million in revenues from our commercial office building in Texas during the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   which was sold in August 2015.The hotels recognized occupancy of   73.9%   and ADR of   $357   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to occupancy of   79.4%   and an ADR of   $290   during the same period in 2015. The completion of our capital improvement project at our two hotels during the second quarter of 2016 was the main driver of both the increase in ADR and decrease in occupancy rates. 
    
  Investment and Other Income  . For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , investment and other income was   $73,000   compared to   $36,000   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , an increase of   $37,000  , or   102.8%  . The investment and other income for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was   $0.2 million   compared to   $2.2 million   during the same period of 2015, a decrease of   $1.9 million   or   88.9%  . The   $1.9 million   decrease is primarily attributable to a settlement payment received on a limited guarantee provided by the Company relating to a previous preferred equity investment when the borrower secured a replacement guarantor on the senior loan during the first quarter 2015, as well as the cessation of the limited guarantee quarterly payments in the second quarter of 2015. 
    
  Mortgage Loan Income, Net  . For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , mortgage loan income was   $19,000   and   $0.3 million  , respectively, as compared to   $0.5 million   and   $1.2 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively, a decrease of   $0.5 million  , or   96.0%  , for the three month period, and   $0.8 million  , or   71.1%  , for the nine month period. The decreases in mortgage loan income for the   three and nine   months is primarily attributable to a decrease in the balance of our outstanding loan portfolio due to loan sales and payoffs during the second half of 2015 and 2016, coupled with a lower average income-earning portion of our loan portfolio in 2016 resulting from loan payoffs. 

5 

Costs and Expenses (dollars in thousands) 

Operating Property Direct Expenses (exclusive of Interest and Depreciation).   Operating property direct expenses were   $6.6 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $5.8 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , an increase of   $0.8 million  , or   15.5%  . For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , operating property direct expenses were   $19.0 million   as compared to   $18.0 million   for the corresponding period in   2015  , an increase of   $1.0 million  , or   5.7%  . The increases in operating property direct expenses were due to the increase in operating property revenues at Gabella and the Company s hotel properties. 
    
  Expenses for Non-Operating Real Estate Owned.   Such expenses include property taxes, homeowners  association (HOA) dues, utilities, and repairs and maintenance, as well as other carrying costs pertaining to non-operating properties.  For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , expenses for non-operating real estate owned assets were   $0.1 million   as compared to   $0.2 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , a decrease of   $0.2 million  , or   64.0%  . For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , expenses for non-operating real estate owned assets were   $0.4 million   as compared to   $0.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , a decrease of   $0.5 million   or   55.8%  . The decreases are attributable to lower HOA dues, utilities, property taxes, insurance and licensing costs resulting from asset disposals between periods. 
    
  Professional Fees.   For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , professional fees were   $1.1 million   as compared to   $1.2 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , a decrease of   2.6%  . For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   professional fees were   $3.3 million   as compared to   $3.4 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , a decrease of   2.8%  . For both the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the decreases in professional fees is primarily attributed to decreases in asset management costs as a result of asset disposals, partially offset by increased guarantor enforcement costs.    
    
  General and Administrative Expenses.   For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , general and administrative expenses were   $1.8 million   as compared to   $2.2 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , a decrease of   $0.4 million  , or   17.8%  . For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , general and administrative expenses were   $5.7 million   as compared to   $7.0 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , a decrease of   $1.3 million   or   18.3%   The decrease in general and administrative expenses for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   is primarily attributed to lower compensation and bonuses, recruiting fees, bank fees and marketing expenses. 
    
  Interest Expense.   For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , interest expense was   $2.3 million   as compared to   $2.4 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , a decrease of   $0.1 million  , or   4.5%  . For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , interest expense was   $6.7 million   as compared to   $7.6 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , a decrease of   $1.0 million   or   12.8%  . The decreases in the   three and nine   month periods are attributed primarily to the lower average notes payable balances during the respective periods as a result of note payoffs. 
    
  Depreciation and Amortization Expense.   For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , depreciation and amortization expense was   $0.9 million   as compared to   $0.6 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , an increase of   $0.3 million  , or   41.6%  . The increase during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   is primarily attributed to depreciation recorded on the assets related to the capital improvement program at our hotels and restaurants in Sedona. For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , depreciation and amortization expense was   $3.2 million   as compared to   $1.9 million   for the corresponding period in 2015. The increase during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   is primarily attributed to the commencement of leasing activities of the Gabella project during that period and the related depreciation recorded on that property before the property was  
  
   6 

moved to held for sale in the second quarter of 2016, as well as depreciation arising from our capital improvement program at our hotels and restaurants in Sedona. 
    
  Loss (Gain) on Disposal of Assets, Net.   For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , we recorded a loss of   $2,000  , as compared to a gain of   $0.3 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we recorded a gain on the disposal of assets of   $20,000   as compared to a gain of   $23,000   for the corresponding period in 2015. For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we sold or otherwise disposed of   six   REO assets (or portions thereof) for   $3.4 million   (net of selling costs) and   one   mortgage note for   $3.0 million  . During the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , we sold or otherwise disposed of   two   mortgage loans and   twenty   REO assets (or portions thereof) for   $25.3 million   (net of selling costs). 
    
  Recovery of Credit Losses, Net.   For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , we recorded recovery of credit losses of   $0.1 million  , as compared to   $1,000   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , an increase of   $0.1 million  . For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we recorded recovery of credit losses of   $0.2 million   as compared to   $10.7 million   for the same period of 2015. The decrease is due to the substantial recoveries received in the second quarter of 2015 as a result of our receipt of cash and other asset collections resulting from our loan guarantee enforcement activities. 
    
  Loss of Unconsolidated Subsidiaries.   For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , loss of unconsolidated subsidiaries was   $48,000   and   $0.2 million  , respectively. These losses were incurred on our Lakeside JV that was formed in the fourth quarter of 2015, and are due to Lakeside JV s operational expenses such as taxes and management fees. 
    
  Impairment of REO.   We recorded no impairment charges on our REO assets for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . During the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , we recorded no impairment charges on our REO assets. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , we recorded an impairment charge   $0.1 million   of resulting from our quarterly fair value analysis. 
  
   7 

Operating Segments 
    
  Our operating segments reflect the distinct business activities from which revenues are earned and expenses incurred that are evaluated regularly by our executive management team in assessing performance and in deciding how to allocate resources. As of and for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , our reportable segments consisted of the following: 
    
  Hospitality and Entertainment Operations     Consists of revenues less direct operating expenses, depreciation and amortization relating to hotel, golf, spa, and food   beverage operations.  This segment also reflects the carrying value of such assets and the related financing and operating obligations. 
    
  Mortgage and REO   Legacy Portfolio and Other Operations     Consists of the collection, workout and sale of new and legacy loans and REO assets, including the financing of such asset sales, the carrying costs of such assets and other related expenses. This segment also reflects the carrying value of such assets and the related financing and operating obligations. This segment also consists of  rental revenue and tenant recoveries less direct property operating expenses (maintenance and repairs, real estate taxes, management fees, and other operating expenses), depreciation and amortization from commercial and residential real estate leasing operations, and the carrying value of such assets and the related financing and operating obligations.  
    
  Prior to June 30, 2016, the Company reported amounts for the commercial and residential real estate leasing operations in a separate segment titled Commercial and Residential Real Estate Leasing Operations. Commencing in the quarter ended June 30, 2016, and for all comparable periods presented in the following segment tables and discussion, the amounts and results of the previously reported Commercial and Residential Real Estate Leasing Operations segment have been combined with the Mortgage and REO - Legacy Portfolio and Other Operations segment. This reclassification aligns the Company s reportable segments with the overall strategy of the Company since the related assets in the Commercial and Residential Real Estate Leasing Operations segment were classified as REO held for sale once it was economically feasible to dispose of such assets, as the Company did not intend to operate the assets on a long-term basis. 
    
  Corporate and Other     Consists of our centralized general and administrative and corporate treasury and deposit gathering activities, and interest expense associated with non-property specific debt issuances. This segment also reflects reclassifications and eliminations between our reportable operating segments, if any as well as the carrying value of such assets and the related financing and operating obligations. 
    
  A comparative summary and analysis of the financial results for each of our operating segments during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   follows: 
    
  Hospitality and Entertainment Operations 

For the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the hospitality and entertainment operations segment revenues were   $7.2 million   and   $5.5 million  , respectively. The increase in revenue for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   was primarily  
  
   8 

attributable to a higher combined ADR at the Company s hotel properties. The ADR for the Company s hotel properties during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   was   $346  , compared to   $259   during the same period in 2015. Additionally, the hotel properties increased occupancy to   76.9%   during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to occupancy of   75.4%   during the same period in 2015. For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the hospitality and entertainment operations segment revenues were   $22.1 million   and   $20.7 million  , respectively. The increase in operating property revenue for the nine month period was primarily attributed to increased ADR at our two hotels, which was partially offset by decreased occupancy as compared to the same period in 2015. The hotels achieved an aggregate occupancy rate of   73.9%   and ADR of   $357   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to an aggregate occupancy rate of   79.4%   and an ADR of   $290   during the same period in 2015. The completion of our capital improvement project at our two hotels during the second quarter of 2016 is the main driver of the higher ADR and lower occupancy rates. 
    
  For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , the golf course operation saw an overall decrease in revenues of   5.8%  , attributable to a   15.5%   decrease in golf and related revenue per round (  $70.38   and   $83.31   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively), partially offset by a   11.5%   increase in total rounds played (  3,312   and   2,971   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively).  
    
  For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the golf course operation saw an overall decrease in revenues of   6.5%  , attributable to a   7.6%   decrease in golf and related revenue per round (  $72.51   and   $78.50   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively), partially offset by a   1.3%   increase in total rounds played (  22,845   and   22,558   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively). 
    
  For both the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the decrease in per round rates was primarily attributed to unfavorable weather conditions and an unfavorable mix in play between members and non-members, as club members pay lower green fees than non-members. 
    
  The increase in hospitality and entertainment operations revenues as a percentage of total consolidated revenues for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period for   2015   is attributable to increased revenues at our hotel operations coupled with a lack of other income-producing assets and our continued efforts to sell assets and loans in our legacy portfolio. Unless and until we are able to generate sufficient liquidity and cash flow to make income-producing investments in other operating segments, the hospitality and entertainment operations segment is expected to be our primary source of total revenue. 
    
  For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the hospitality and entertainment operations segment constituted the majority of total operating property direct expenses. Net operating income (loss) for the segment as a percentage of related revenue was   11.7%   and   (1.3)%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   17.6%   and   17.4%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.     T  he increase in net operating income percentages for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the same period in   2015  , was primarily attributed to increased revenue and lower labor and equipment cost at the hotels due to the completion of the capital improvement project.  
    
  After interest, depreciation and amortization expenses, the hospitality and entertainment operations segment contributed pretax losses of   $1.1 million   and   $1.7 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and net losses of   $1.8 million   and   $1.3 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 

9 

Mortgage and REO   Legacy Portfolio and Other Operations    

For the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Mortgage and REO - Legacy Portfolio and Other Operations segment contributed   8.6%   and   10.3%   of total consolidated revenues, respectively. For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , this segment contributed   7.6%   and   17.1%   of total consolidated revenues, respectively. The decrease in segment revenue as a percentage of total revenue during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   resulted primarily from (i) reduced mortgage loan and investment income due to real estate asset sales and payoffs of certain mortgage loans, and (ii) a settlement payment received in the first quarter of 2015 when we were removed as a guarantor on one of our borrower s loans and the termination of the related guarantee payments in the second quarter of 2015. These revenue decreases were partially offset by an increase in Gabella lease revenues due to the completion of the second phase of the Gabella project in the first quarter of 2016. 
    
  The Mortgage and REO - Legacy Portfolio and Other Operations segment contributed   $1.7 million   and   $1.8 million   of total consolidated expenses for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. This segment contributed   $5.4 million   of total consolidated expenses for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and reduced total consolidated expenses of   $4.0 million   for the same period of 2015. The increase in net expenses for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the same periods in 2015, was primarily due to (i) reduced recoveries from prior credit losses through asset collections from guarantors and the assignment of equity interests as a result of our enforcement and collection efforts during the second quarter of 2015, (ii) increases in operating property expenses due to higher fixed expenses associated with Gabella residential leasing operations during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to expenses associated with our commercial leasing operations during the same periods in   2015  , and (iii) higher depreciation and amortization expense as Gabella s residential leasing assets were depreciated prior to being classified to REO held for sale late in the second quarter of 2016,  partially offset by (i) reduced expenses for non-operating real estate owned due to sales of certain legacy assets, and (ii) a decrease in interest expense due to the payoff of two non-recourse loans totaling $28.8 million secured by certain legacy assets during the fourth quarter of 2015. The segment recognized recoveries of   $0.1 million   and   $0.2 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to   $1,000   and   $10.7 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively. 
    
  After interest, depreciation and amortization expenses, and recoveries of credit losses, the Mortgage and REO - Legacy Portfolio and Other Operations segment contributed net losses of   $1.0 million   and   $3.6 million   to the total consolidated net losses for the  
  
   10 

three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, and contributions of a net loss of   $1.2 million   and net income of   $8.3 million   to the total consolidated net losses for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively. 
    
  See    Note 3   Mortgage Investments and Loan Sales    in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements and Item 2. -    Real Estate Owned, Lending Activities, and Loan and Borrower Attributes    for additional information regarding our loan portfolio. 
    
  Corporate and Other   

Other than occasional, non-recurring miscellaneous revenue, the Corporate and Other segment does not generate any material revenues for the Company. 
    
  During the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the expenses in this segment were   $2.8 million   and   $3.1 million  , respectively, or   22.6%   and   25.5%   of the Company s consolidated expenses. The decline in expenses for this period was primarily attributable to reduced general and administrative costs due to reductions in compensation and related expenses and marketing expenses, as well as a reduction in due diligence expenses.  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the expenses in the Corporate and Other segment were   $8.9 million   and   $10.3 million  , respectively, or   23.4%   and   36.5%   of the Company s consolidated expenses. The decline in expenses for the nine month period is primarily attributable to (i) a decrease in interest expense due to the reduction of our outstanding notes payable balances; and (ii) reduced general and administrative costs due to reductions in compensation and related expenses, bank fees, and due diligence expenses. 
    
  As a result of the above, for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Corporate and Other segment contributed losses of   $2.8 million   and   $3.1 million   to the Company s consolidated net loss, respectively. This segment contributed losses of   $8.9 million   and   $10.3 million   to the Company s consolidated net loss for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  
   11 

Real Estate Owned, Lending Activities, and Loan and Borrower Attributes 
    
  Operating Properties and Real Estate Held for Development or Sale 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , we held total operating properties and REO assets of   $150.6 million  , of which   $45.9 million   were held for sale,   $89.3 million   were held as operating properties and   $15.5 million   were classified as other real estate owned. At   December 31, 2015  , we held total operating properties and REO assets of   $152.9 million  , of which   $3.7 million   were held for development,   $5.3 million   were held for sale,   $116.2 million   were held as operating properties and   $27.7 million   were classified as other real estate owned. Our properties are located in Arizona, Minnesota, New Mexico, Texas and California. 
    
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we sold   six   REO assets (or portions thereof) for   $3.4 million   (net of selling costs), resulting in a total net gain of   $0.1 million  . During the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , we sold   twenty   REO assets (or portions thereof) for   $28.2 million   (net of selling costs), resulting in a net gain of   $0.1 million  . 
    
  The Company commenced a capital improvement program at its hospitality properties in Sedona, Arizona during the second quarter of 2015 which was substantially completed during the second quarter of 2016. We have incurred total project costs of   $11.2 million   through   September 30, 2016  , of which   $5.0 million   was incurred during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 
    
  During the fourth quarter of 2015, the first phase of our Gabella multifamily project began leasing operations. The second and final phase of Gabella commenced leasing operations in March 2016. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we incurred development costs for Gabella totaling   $2.5 million  . 
    
  During the second quarter of 2016, we reclassified our golf course and restaurant operation in Bullhead City, Arizona and our Gabella multi-family housing operation in Apple Valley, Minnesota to REO held for sale as a result of management s decision and actions to dispose of such assets. These operations are expected to sell during the fourth quarter of   2016  , and remain classified as REO held for sale as of   September 30, 2016  .  
    
  As noted in Note 4 to our condensed consolidated financial statements, in the fourth quarter of 2015, one of the Company s subsidiaries, LDV Holdings, entered into a joint venture with PCD for the purpose of acquiring, holding and developing certain real property located in Park City, Utah ( Lakeside JV ). The intent of Lakeside JV is to sell town home, single family residential and hotel lots. Under the Lakeside JV limited liability company agreement, the Company agreed to contribute up to   $4.2 million   for a   90%   interest in Lakeside JV, while PCD agreed to contribute up to   $0.5 million   for a   10%   interest. PCD s principal has provided a limited guaranty to the Company for performance in the case of certain defaults by PCD.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had contributed   $3.6 million   to Lakeside JV and is obligated to contribute an additional   $0.6 million   over the life of the development project, per the project s initial operating budget. 
    
  We intend to continue the process of disposing of a significant portion of our existing assets, individually or in bulk, which may result in the reclassification of a greater portion of our REO assets as held for sale. 
    
  See    Note 4   Operating Properties and Real Estate Held for Development or Sale    in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
    
  Lending Activities 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , our loan portfolio consisted of   three   first mortgage loans with an aggregate carrying value of   $0.4 million  , of which   two   such loans have a   zero   carrying value.  In comparison, as of   December 31, 2015  , our loan portfolio consisted of   six   first mortgage loans with an aggregate carrying value of   $11.1 million  .  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we sold   one   loan for   $3.0 million   (net of selling costs), which resulted in a loss of   $0.1 million   and received principal payoffs totaling   $7.6 million  . We did not originate any loans during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , we originated (and subsequently sold in the same quarter)   one   new loan in connection with the partial financing of an asset sale, foreclosed on   two   loans in default with a carrying value of   $0.9 million  , and sold   four   loans with a carrying value of   $27.4 million   for a net loss of   $0.1 million  .  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the valuation allowance represented   97.2%   and   53.6%  , respectively, of the total outstanding loan principal and interest balances. 
    
  Geographic Diversification 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the collateral for our portfolio loans is located in New Mexico and California. As of   December 31, 2015  ,   96.9%   of our portfolio loan carrying value was attributed to collateral located in Arizona and California. Unless and until  
  
   12 

we resume meaningful lending activities, our ability to diversify the geographic aspect of our loan portfolio remains significantly limited and we expect little change in our loan portfolio profile in future periods until such time. The change year over year in the geographic diversification of our loans is primarily attributed to loan payoffs and sales. 
    
  See    Note 3   Mortgage Investments and Loan Sales    in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our loan portfolio. 
    
  Interest Rate Information 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  ,   one   of our   three   loans was performing and had an aggregate principal balance of   $0.4 million   and a contractual annual interest rate of   11.0%  .  At   December 31, 2015  ,   four   of our   six   loans were performing and had an aggregate principal balance of   $11.1 million   and a weighted average annual interest rate of   10.5%  . 
    
  See    Note 3   Mortgage Investments and Loan Sales    in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding interest rates for our loan portfolio. 
    
  Loan and Borrower Attributes 
    
  The collateral supporting our loans historically have consisted of fee simple real estate zoned for residential, commercial or industrial use. The real estate could be in any stage of development from unimproved land to finished buildings with occupants or tenants. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the original projected end-use of the collateral under our loans was comprised of   97.2%   residential and   2.8%   commercial.  As of   December 31, 2015  , the original projected end-use of the collateral under our loans was comprised of   65.9%   residential,   31.4%   mixed-use and the balance commercial. 
    
  See    Note 3   Mortgage Investments and Loan Sales    in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the classification of our loan portfolio. 
    
  Changes in the Portfolio Profile   Scheduled Maturities 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the outstanding principal and interest balance of our portfolio loans, net of the valuation allowance, have scheduled principal paydowns or maturities as follows: 

The entire balance of the matured loans has been fully reserved.  
    
  See    Note 3   Mortgage Investments and Loan Sales    in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding loan modifications. 
  
   13 

Important Relationships Between Capital Resources and Results of Operations 
    
  Summary of Existing Loans in Default 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  ,   two   of the   three   loans held in our loan portfolio were in default and fully reserved. We may exercise enforcement action which could lead to foreclosure or other disposition with respect to those loans.  However, the completion and/or timing of any enforcement action with respect to these loans is dependent on several factors, including, but not limited to, applicable state statutes, potential bankruptcy filings by the borrowers, and the nature and extent of existing liens against such real estate collateral. 
     
  See    Note 3   Mortgage Investments and Loan Sales    in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding loans in default. 
    
  Valuation Allowance and Fair Value Measurement of Loans and Real Estate Held for Sale 
    
  A discussion of our valuation allowance, fair value measurement and summaries of the procedures performed in connection with our fair value analysis as of   September 30, 2016   is presented in Note 6 of the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements.   
    
  Based on the results of our evaluation and analysis, we did not record a non-cash provision for credit losses on our loan portfolio during the three or   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  .  However, we recorded net recoveries of credit losses of   $0.1 million   and   $0.2 million   during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, and net recoveries of credit losses of   $1,000   and   $10.7 million   during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively, relating to the collection of cash and other assets from guarantors on certain legacy loans. We did not record any impairment charges for real estate owned during the three or   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . We recorded an impairment charge of   $0.1 million   for real estate owned during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the valuation allowance totaled   $12.7 million   and   $12.9 million  , respectively, representing   97.2%   and   53.6%  , respectively, of the total outstanding loan principal and accrued interest balances. 
    
  Leverage to Enhance Yields 
    
  We have not historically employed a significant amount of leverage to enhance our investment yield although we may employ such leverage in the future if deemed appropriate. 
    
  Current and Anticipated Borrowings and Activity 
    
  During 2015, the Company, through various of its subsidiaries, entered into a series of loan agreements, promissory notes and related agreements with Calmwater for three loans in the aggregate principal amount of   $78.8 million   for the purposes of refinancing 1) the Company s   $36.0 million   senior secured loan with NWRA Ventures I, LLC and 2) the Company s   $24.8 million   note payable from a bank, as well as to provide working capital for certain development activities and operational costs. The Company used   $4.0 million   of the Calmwater loan proceeds to fund a portion of its   $11.5 million   equity commitment for the construction of Gabella and   $2.0 million   to complete the capital improvement program at the Company s hotel properties and restaurants located in Sedona, Arizona, which commenced in the second quarter of 2015 and was substantially completed during the second quarter of 2016. The balance of the loan proceeds was used for working capital, reserves and certain fees. 
    
  The general terms of the respective Calmwater loans are as follows: 

A   $50.0 million   non-recourse loan secured by first liens on the Company s two operating hotel properties and restaurants located in Sedona, Arizona ( the Sedona Loan ). The Sedona Loan requires interest only payments which began on March 1, 2015 and bears annual interest at a base equal to the sum of: (i) the greater of (A)   0.50%   per annum or (B) LIBOR (as defined) plus (ii)   6.75%   per annum.  In connection with this loan, the Company entered into an interest rate cap agreement for the initial two-year term of the loan with a LIBOR-based strike rate, which the Company elected to expense upon execution. The Sedona Loan has a maturity date of February 1, 2018. The Company has an option to extend the maturity date for two consecutive 12-month periods, provided that 1) there are no outstanding events of default, 2) the Company obtains an extended interest rate cap agreement, and 3) the Company complies with the other applicable terms set forth in the loan agreement, including the payment of an extension fee of   $0.5 million  . The Sedona Loan is subject to a non-recourse carve-out guaranty by the Company which also includes a guarantee of completion of certain capital improvements at the Company s hotel properties. 
     
   14 

The Sedona Loan contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, including, but not limited to: (i) a   $5.0 million   liquidity balance during 2016. During the period ended   September 30, 2016  , we sought and obtained a waiver to temporarily reduce the minimum liquidity covenant to   $3.0 million   through December 31, 2016; (ii) a minimum net worth of the Company of no less than   $50.0 million  ; and (iii) DSCR and minimum NOI requirements measured on a trailing 12 month basis. During the three months ended March 31, 2016, the hotels did not meet these DSCR and NOI requirements during the first quarterly measurement period, for which the lender provided a one-time forbearance through June 30, 2016. The hotels subsequently satisfied these DSCR and NOI requirements during the second and third quarterly reporting periods. For purposes of the minimum net worth requirement, the lender has agreed that the carrying value of our redeemable convertible preferred stock is considered a component of shareholder s equity. The Sedona Loan also requires the Company to fund customary annual interest, tax, insurance, and FF E reserve accounts, each of which are pledged as additional collateral. Additional construction reserves were required in connection with the capital improvement program as well as funding for contractor liens filed in connection with the project. The Sedona Loan also contains customary events of default, the occurrence of which could result in the acceleration of the obligations under the loan and, under certain circumstances, the application of a default interest rate during the existence of an event of default at a rate equal to   5.0%   in excess of the note rate. The Company is permitted to make optional prepayments at any time, subject to a 0  .50%   prepayment premium if paid prior to February 1, 2017, and other conditions set forth in the loan agreement. Thereafter, the Company may prepay the Sedona Loan in full or in part without prepayment premium costs. 

A   $24.4 million   non-recourse loan secured by a) first liens on certain operating and non-operating real estate assets owned by affiliates of the Company, b) pledges by certain Company affiliates of their interests in certain mortgage loan documents evidencing payment obligations owed to such affiliates, and c) the Company s membership interest in IMH Gabella. The loan had a maturity date of February 1, 2017 and was repaid in full during the fourth quarter of 2015. 

A   $4.4 million   non-recourse loan secured by a) first liens on certain operating and non-operating real estate assets owned by affiliates of the Company and b) pledges by certain Company affiliates of their interests in certain mortgage loan documents evidencing payment obligations owed to such affiliates. The loan had a maturity date of February 1, 2017 and was repaid in full during the fourth quarter of 2015. 
       
  Exchange Notes 
    
  Under the terms of a previous class action settlement, we conducted an offering of our   five  -year,   4%  , unsecured notes in exchange for common stock held by participating shareholders ( Exchange Offering ).  The Exchange Offering was completed in April 2014 and we issued Exchange Offering notes ( EO Notes ) with an aggregate face value of   $10.2 million  , which were recorded by the Company at fair value.  The estimated fair value of the EO Notes was   $6.4 million   based on an imputed effective yield of such notes of   14.6%   (as compared to the note rate of   4%  ) resulting in an original debt discount of the EO Notes of   $3.8 million  , with a balance of   $2.2 million   and   $2.8 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  This discount amount is being amortized as an adjustment to interest expense using the effective interest method over the term of the EO Notes. The amortized discount added to the principal balance of the EO Notes during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   totaled   $0.5   million.  Interest is payable quarterly in arrears each January, April, July and October.  The EO Notes mature on April 28, 2019, and may be prepaid in whole or in part without penalty at the option of the Company.  However, subject to certain minimum cash and profitability conditions, the terms of the EO Notes may require a   50%   prepayment on April 29, 2018. 
    
  Notes Payable and Special Assessment Obligations, Assets Held for Sale 
    
  During the second quarter of 2016, the Company reclassified certain of its assets to REO held for sale as a result of management s decision and actions to dispose of such assets. In accordance with GAAP, we similarly reclassified the corresponding debt relating to such assets which includes each of the following notes payable and special assessment obligations. In addition to these liabilities, we have a   $4.0 million   line of credit obligation due to a related party as described below whose payoff is tied to the sale of certain assets held for sale. We have classified that indebtedness in notes payable to related parties in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet. 

15 

Construction Loan 
    
  In October 2014, IMH Gabella secured a   $24.0 million   construction loan in connection with the Gabella development from Ozarks. The Company has made draws totaling   $22.1 million   on the Construction Loan as of   September 30, 2016   and does not expect any further draws to be made as the project is complete. The Construction Loan is secured by a first lien mortgage on the project, as well as certain adjacent parcels that are planned for future development, improvements thereon, and an assignment of rents and revenues. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the total carrying value of the land and improvements totaled   $25.7 million   and   $27.8 million  , respectively. Unless there is an event of default, the Construction Loan bears annual interest at the greater of (i) three-month LIBOR plus 375 basis points, or (ii)   4.25%  . The loan matures October 20, 2017, provided, however, that the initial term may be extended for two additional one-year terms subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including the payment of an extension fee equal to   0.25%   of the then outstanding principal balance of the Construction Loan. Interest only payments on the outstanding principal commenced on November 1, 2014 and monthly payments of principal and interest will commence on the earlier of (i) December 1, 2016 and (ii) the first month following stabilization (as defined in the loan agreement).  
    
  The Construction Loan is also subject to a completion and repayment carve-out guaranty by the Company and requires the Company to maintain a minimum liquidity balance of   $7.5 million   throughout the term of the loan. At various times during 2016 and as of   September 30, 2016  , we fell below the   $7.5 million   liquidity requirement, resulting in a non-compliance event under the terms of our guaranty. The lender has, to-date, not taken any enforcement action with respect to this non-compliance event. 
    
    Special Assessment Obligations 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , obligations arising from our allocated share of certain community facilities district special revenue bonds and special assessments had carrying values of   $3.9 million   and   $4.1 million  , respectively.  These obligations are described below. 
    
  One of the special assessment obligations had an outstanding balance of   $3.1 million   and   $3.2 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, and has an amortization period that extends through April 30, 2030, with an annual interest rate ranging from   5%   to   6%  .  This special assessment obligation is secured by certain real estate held for sale consisting of   171   acres of unentitled land located in Buckeye, Arizona which had a carrying value of   $5.3 million   at   September 30, 2016  .  
    
  The other special assessment obligations are comprised of a series of special assessments that collectively had an outstanding balance of   $0.9 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  These special assessment obligations have amortization periods that extend through 2022, with annual interest rates ranging from   6%   to   7.5%  .  These special assessment obligations are secured by certain real estate consisting of   7   acres of unentitled land located in Dakota County, Minnesota, with a carrying value of   $3.7 million   at   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  The responsibility for the repayment of each of the foregoing special assessment obligations rests with the owner of the property and would transfer to the buyer of the related real estate upon sale.  Accordingly, if the assets to which these obligations relate are sold before the full amortization period of such obligations, the Company would be relieved of any further liability since the buyer would assume the remaining obligations. Nevertheless, these special assessment obligations are deemed to be obligations of the Company in accordance with GAAP because they are fixed in amount and for a fixed period of time. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we made principal repayments in the amount of   $0.2 million   on these special assessment obligations. 
    
    Development Assistance Note Payable 
    
  In connection with the Gabella project, we entered into, among other agreements, a business subsidy agreement and related loan agreement dated March 29, 2013, as amended on July 10, 2014, with the EDA.  Under the terms of the business subsidy agreement, the EDA agreed to advance to us up to   $1.1 million   as a loan. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the total amount advanced to us under the EDA loan agreement was   $0.8 million  . In no event is the EDA loan to exceed the amount received from Dakota County, Minnesota, for the statutory penalty and interest on special assessment taxes which were assessed in the tax years 2007 through 2011. The special assessment taxes and related statutory penalties and interest were fully repaid as of December 31, 2015.  The EDA loan bears interest at the rate of   6.0%   per annum which accrues until the loan is paid in full or is forgiven by the EDA. The Company met its performance obligation to complete the Gabella project prior to April 30, 2016, and has received a certificate of occupancy for the project. Accordingly, during the third quarter of 2016, the EDA forgave the   $0.8 million   loan balance and related accrued interest of   $0.1 million  . The loan forgiveness was treated as a reduction to our Gabella asset cost basis due to the nature and intent of the funding under this loan. 
    
  In order to retain the benefits received under the business subsidy agreement, we are not allowed to sell, transfer or otherwise convey all or part of the property for a period of five years following completion without the prior written consent of the EDA.  
  
   16 

This would also require a buyer s consent to assume any ongoing obligations under the business subsidy agreement. Subsequent to   September 30, 2016  , we sought and received such consents in connection with the anticipated sale of a portion of the property known as Galante and anticipate receiving such consents in connection with Gabella. 
    
  Other Notes Payable Activity 
    
  During the fourth quarter of 2015, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company borrowed   $5.4 million   pursuant to a non-revolving credit facility with the Banc of California, National Association (the  BOC Facility ). The BOC Facility was secured by a   $7.2 million   mortgage receivable, was guaranteed by the Company, was scheduled to mature April 30, 2016, and bore interest at a per annum rate equal to the greater of (i) the prime rate as published by The Wall Street Journal (the  WSJ Prime Rate ) plus   1.25%  , or (ii)   4.5%  . In March 2016, we repaid the balance of the BOC Facility in full upon collection of the mortgage receivable that served as collateral for that loan. 
    
  In addition, during the fourth quarter of 2015, we purchased real estate located in New Mexico that was previously owned by certain partnerships in which the Company was awarded equity interests. The purchase price for that real estate was   $6.8 million  , for which the seller provided seller-financing of   $5.9 million  . The seller note bears interest at the WSJ Prime Rate as of December 31, 2015 (recalculated annually) plus   2.00%   for the first two years, and the WSJ Prime Rate plus   3.00%   thereafter. Interest only payments are due on December 31 of each year with the principal balance and any accrued unpaid interest due at maturity on December 31, 2019. The note may be prepaid in whole or in part without penalty. 
  Note Payable to Related Party 
    
  In December 2014, the Company borrowed   $5.0 million   from SRE Monarch pursuant to an unsecured non-revolving credit facility ( SRE Note ).  The Company used the loan proceeds to make a scheduled payment under the Company s then-senior loan. SRE Monarch is a related party of Seth Singerman, one of the Company s directors and an affiliate of one of our preferred equity holders. The SRE Note bears interest at a per annum base rate of   16%  , and is subject to increase in the event it is not repaid in full on or prior to the or extended maturity date. 
    
  The SRE Note was originally scheduled to mature on the 91st day after full repayment of the Company s then-senior loan. During 2015 and 2016, the Company entered into a series of amendments to extend the SRE Note s maturity date. The current maturity date is December 22, 2016. The Company paid all accrued interest at the date of each amendment and incurred various extension fees totaling   $0.5 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  . Any unpaid interest is due upon maturity. 
    
  Revolving Line of Credit with Related Party 
    
  In March 2016, a subsidiary of the Company executed an agreement with SRE Monarch for a revolving secured line of credit facility ( SRE Revolver ). The SRE Revolver bears interest at a per annum base rate of   5%   and matures on the earliest to occur of (i) December 22, 2016, (ii) the sale of the land serving as collateral under the SRE Revolver, or (iii) the sale of Gabella. The SRE Revolver is secured by certain land owned by a subsidiary of the Company with a carrying value of   $5.3 million  , and is guaranteed by the Company. The SRE Revolver had an initial advance limit of   $2.5 million   subject to an increase to   $4.0 million   upon   12 days   written notice and the payment of certain fees. All amounts advanced under the SRE Revolver may be prepaid in whole or in part without premium or penalty. Upon entering into the SRE Revolver, the Company paid a facility fee and other closing costs totaling approximately   $0.2 million  .  During April 2016, we drew our initial advance in the amount of   $2.5 million  , and during August 2016 we drew the remaining   $1.5 million  , in order to provide additional working capital for the Company. We have incurred total fees in connection with the SRE Revolver during 2016 of   $0.5 million  . 
    
  In the event of a sale of the land serving as collateral under the SRE Revolver prior to March 31, 2017 ("Facility Exit Date"), we are obligated to pay SRE Monarch an amount equal to five percent (  5%  ) of the net sale proceeds. In the event that no sale of the collateral has occurred or is expected to occur prior to the Facility Exit Date, we are obligated to pay SRE Monarch an amount equal to five percent (  5%  ) of the presumed net sales proceeds based on the appraised value of the collateral. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company reclassified the collateral to REO held for sale. 

17 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  General 
  We have equity interests in several off-balance sheet limited liability companies and limited partnerships recorded under the equity method as described in Note 5 of the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. Most of the limited liability companies and partnerships in which we have an interest are involved in the ownership and/or development of real estate. Wherever possible, the limited liability company or limited partnership will fund capital requirements or operational needs with cash from operations or financing proceeds. If additional capital is deemed necessary, the limited liability company or limited partnership may request a contribution from its respective members or partners, as appropriate, and we will evaluate such requests. Except as previously discussed, based on the nature of the activities conducted in these ventures, we cannot estimate with any reasonable degree of accuracy amounts that we may be required to fund in the short or long-term. However, we do not believe that additional funding of these limited liability companies or limited partnerships will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 
    
  Debt 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , certain of our unconsolidated limited liability companies and partnerships had outstanding indebtedness to third parties, all of which are non-recourse to us. 
  In certain instances, we provide  non-recourse carve-out guarantees  on certain non-recourse loans to certain subsidiaries. Certain of these loans have variable interest rates, which creates exposure in the form of market risk due to interest rate changes. As of   September 30, 2016  , we have provided guarantees for the following debt: 
             
    In October 2014, the Company entered into certain limited carve-out, completion and repayment guaranty agreements in connection with the Construction Loan between IMH Gabella and Ozarks. Pursuant to these guaranty agreements, the Company is responsible in the event of default, up to   $12.0 million  , which will be reduced to   $6.0 million   in the event that the Gabella project has stabilized rent for six months. Since the Company believes that the current fair value of the Gabella project exceeds the note amount due under the Construction Loan, the Company believes that it has no outstanding risk on these guarantees as of   September 30, 2016  . 
                
    In January 2015, the Company entered into a limited guaranty agreement in connection with the   $50.0 million   loan secured by our hotels and restaurants in Sedona, Arizona pursuant to which the Company is responsible in the event of default up to the entire loan amount of   $50.0 million  , as well as all required insurance and tax reserves. Since the Company believes that the current fair value of the property, which is secured by the lien, exceeds the note amount due under this loan, the Company believes that it has no outstanding risk on the guaranty as of   September 30, 2016  . 
                
    In October 2015, the Company entered into a limited guaranty agreement on the BOC Facility pursuant to which the Company is responsible in the event of default up to   $5.4 million  . The BOC Facility was repaid in full in the first quarter of 2016 and the Company s guaranty was terminated. 
     Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  We require liquidity and capital resources for our general working capital needs, including, but not limited to, maintenance, development costs and capital expenditures for our operating properties and non-operating REO assets, professional fees, general and administrative operating costs, loan enforcement costs, costs on borrowings, dividends or distributions to shareholders, as well as to acquire our target assets.  We expect our primary sources of liquidity over the next twelve months to consist of our current cash and restricted cash balances, revenues from operating properties, proceeds from borrowings, and proceeds from the disposition of our existing loan and REO assets held for sale. 
    
  Under the terms of our Gabella construction loan, the Company is required to maintain a minimum liquidity balance of   $7.5 million  . As of   September 30, 2016   and at various times during 2016, we fell below the   $7.5 million   liquidity threshold resulting in a non-compliance event under the terms of a related guarantor agreement, which resulted further in a non-compliance event under the terms of our Certificate of Designation.  While the lender has not taken any enforcement action regarding this non-compliance event, and we have obtained a waiver from our preferred shareholders for this non-compliance event under the Certificate of Designation, the non-compliance event could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial position.  We are also subject to a   $5.0 million   minimum liquidity balance for the calendar year 2016 in connection with a loan secured by our Sedona hospitality assets. During the period ended   September 30, 2016  , we sought and obtained a waiver to temporarily reduce the minimum liquidity covenant to   $3.0 million   through   December 31, 2016  .  
  
   18 

The lender on our hospitality properties in Sedona, Arizona requires the hotel operations to meet certain DSCR and NOI requirements measured on a quarterly basis. Due to the operational impact of the capital improvement project at the Sedona hospitality assets, the hotel operations did not meet these DSCR and NOI requirements during the quarterly measurement period in the first quarter of 2016, for which the lender provided a one-time forbearance. While the hotel operations met the DSCR and NOI requirements during the second and third quarterly reporting periods, there is no assurance that the hotel operations will meet the liquidity, DSCR and/or NOI requirements in future quarterly reporting periods.  In the event that they do not meet such requirements, we would seek a supplemental forbearance from the lender, although there is no assurance that such a forbearance would be granted.  
    
  Unless and until we generate additional liquidity from the disposition of our assets or operations from our operating properties, we will likely need to seek additional short-term debt or alternative financing to fund our operations. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , we had cash and cash equivalents of   $6.5 million   and restricted cash and cash equivalents of   $2.3 million  , as well as REO held for sale totaling   $45.9 million   and loans held for sale of   $0.4 million  . The proceeds from these items, coupled with revenues generated from our operating properties, and proceeds from the issuance of debt, comprise our primary sources of liquidity and we believe they are sufficient to cover our liquidity needs over the next twelve months.  However, there is no assurance that we will be successful in selling existing real estate assets in a timely manner or in obtaining additional financing, if needed, to sufficiently fund future operations or to implement our investment strategy. 
  Our requirements for and sources of liquidity and capital resources are described in more detail in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . There have been no material changes to our requirements for liquidity as of and for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 
  Cash Flows  
  Cash Used In Operating Activities      
  Cash used in operating activities was   $5.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $9.8 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  .  Cash flows from operating activities consist primarily of cash generated from our operating properties, investment and other income, and mortgage income from our loan portfolio, offset by amounts paid for operating property expenses, property taxes and other operating costs for REO assets, professional fees, consulting fees, general and administrative expenses, non-cash recoveries, interest incurred on our notes payable, and other operating expenses.  
  Cash Provided By Investing Activities      
  Net cash provided by investing activities was   $3.4 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $24.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  .  Primary sources of cash from investing activities for 2016 included   $6.5 million   from sales of REO assets and mortgage loans, and   $7.6 million   from the payoffs of mortgage loans, offset by   $10.7 million   in investments in real estate properties owned. Primary sources of cash from investing activities for   nine months ended September 30, 2015   primarily consisted of proceeds from mortgage loan sales of   $27.4 million   and proceeds from asset sales and recoveries of   $17.2 million  , offset by capital costs paid for REO assets of   $19.9 million  .    
  Cash Provided by (Used In) Financing Activities     
  Net cash provided by financing activities was   $1.1 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to cash used in financing activities of   $7.5 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . During 2016, we drew financing proceeds of   $9.2 million   from our construction loan and our related party line of credit, repaid notes payable totaling   $5.6 million  , paid debt issuance costs of   $0.9 million  , and paid preferred dividends of   $1.6 million  . During the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , we generated   $88.3 million   from the issuance of notes payable which was partially offset by an increase in restricted cash of   $29.9 million  , the repayment of notes payable of   $61.8 million  , debt issuance costs of   $3.1 million   and preferred dividend payments of   $1.1 million  . 
  
   19 

Critical Accounting Policies 
  Our critical accounting policies are disclosed in our previously filed Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  .  As of   September 30, 2016  , there have been no significant changes in our critical accounting policies from   December 31, 2015  , except as disclosed in Note 2 of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-Q.   
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  For information regarding recent accounting pronouncements that are applicable to us, see Note 2 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included with this Form 10-Q. 
  
   20 

Item 3. 
    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
       
  The registrant is a Smaller Reporting Company and, therefore, is not required to provide the information under this item. 
  
   21 

Item 4. 
    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
       
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), as of   September 30, 2016  . Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the design and operation of these disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of   September 30, 2016  .  
    
  There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
    
  Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act.  Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.  Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate.  Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of   September 30, 2016  , utilizing the 2013 framework established in   Internal Control- Integrated Framework   issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on their assessment, we determined that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  This report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting since the Company is a smaller reporting company under the rules of the SEC. 
  
   22 

PART II 

Item 1. 
    Legal Proceedings. 
       
  The status of our legal proceedings is provided in   Note 10    Commitments and Contingencies   Legal Matters    of the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and is incorporated herein by reference.  

Item 1A. 
    Risk Factors. 
       
  In addition to the other information set forth in this Form 10-Q, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Item 1A,  Risk Factors,  in our previously filed Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , which could materially affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.  The risks described in our Form 10-K are not the only risks we face.  Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. 

Item 2. 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.  
       
  None. 

Item 3. 
    Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
       
  In 2014, IMH Gabella, a joint venture of the Company, secured a construction loan in connection with the development of the Gabella multi-family project in Apple Valley, Minnesota. The construction loan is subject to a completion and repayment carve-out guarantee by the Company and requires the Company to maintain a minimum liquidity balance of   $7.5 million  . On various occasions during 2016, we fell below the   $7.5 million   liquidity threshold resulting in a non-compliance event under the terms of the guarantor agreement relating to the construction loan, which resulted further in a non-compliance event under the terms of our Certificate of Designation of Series B-1 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock and Series B-2 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock ( Certificate of Designation ).  While the lender has not taken any enforcement action regarding this non-compliance event, and we have obtained a waiver from our preferred shareholders for this non-compliance event under the Certificate of Designation, the non-compliance event could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial position. 

Item 4. 
    Mine Safety Disclosures.  
       
  Not applicable. 

Item 5. 
    Other Information. 
       
  None. 
  
   23 

Item 6. 
    Exhibits. 
                      Exhibit No. 
      
    Description 
      3.1 
      
    Certificate of Incorporation of IMH Financial Corporation (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 23, 2010 and incorporated by reference). 
      3.1.1 
      
    Certificate of Correction of Certificate of Incorporation of IMH Financial Corporation (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2013 and incorporated by reference). 
      3.1.2 
      
    Certificate of Designation of Series B-1 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock and Series B-2 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 29, 2014 and incorporated by reference). 
      3.2 
      
    Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of IMH Financial Corporation (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 29, 2014 and incorporated by reference). 
      10.50 
      
    Sixth Amendment to Loan Agreement between IMH Financial Corporation, a Delaware corporation and SRE Monarch Lending, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, dated September 23, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2016 incorporated by reference). 
      10.51 
      
    First Amendment to Loan Agreement between Buena Yuma LLC, a subsidiary of IMH Financial Corporation, and SRE Monarch Lending, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, dated September 23, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2016 incorporated by reference). 
      22.1 
      
    Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders dated June 29, 2016 (filed on Form 8-K filed on July 6, 2016 incorporated by reference). 
      31.1 
      
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer of IMH Financial Corporation pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      31.2 
      
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer of IMH Financial Corporation pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      32.1 
      
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of IMH Financial Corporation pursuant to Section  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      101.INS 
      
    XBRL Instance Document 
      101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
      101.CAL 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
      101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
      101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
      101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

24 

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
    
                       Date:  
    November 10, 2016 
    IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 

By: 
    /s/ Samuel J. Montes 

Samuel J. Montes 

Chief Financial Officer 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that Lawrence D. Bain, whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Samuel J. Montes his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, for such person in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this report and to file the same, with exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact, or substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
    
                       Signature 
      
    Title 
      
    Date 

/s/ Lawrence D. Bain 
      
    Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
      
    November 10, 2016 
      Lawrence D. Bain 
      
    (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Samuel J. Montes 
      
    Chief Financial Officer   (Principal Financial Officer 
      
    November 10, 2016 
      Samuel J. Montes 
      
    and Principal Accounting     Officer) 

25 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ifcn-20160930xexx311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
    
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Lawrence D. Bain, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of IMH Financial Corporation, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   of IMH Financial Corporation; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
                        Date:  
    November 10, 2016 
    /s/ Lawrence D. Bain 

Lawrence D. Bain 

Chief Executive Officer, IMH Financial Corporation 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ifcn-20160930xexx312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OF IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
    
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Samuel J. Montes, Chief Financial Officer of IMH Financial Corporation, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   of IMH Financial Corporation; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
                        Date:  
    November 10, 2016 
    /s/ Samuel J. Montes 

Samuel J. Montes 

Chief Financial Officer, IMH Financial Corporation 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ifcn-20160930xexx321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
    
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of IMH Financial Corporation 
  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
  As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of IMH Financial Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), we, the undersigned, certify, to the best of our knowledge, that: 
    
           (1) 
    the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (2) 
    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
                          
    IMH FINANCIAL CORPORATION 

By: 
    /s/ Lawrence D. Bain 

Lawrence D. Bain 

Chief Executive Officer 

By: 
    /s/ Samuel J. Montes 

Samuel J. Montes 

Chief Financial Officer 

Dated: 
    November 10, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 ifcn-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ifcn-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ifcn-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ifcn-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ifcn-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ifcn-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

