<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1594879_0001594879-16-000192_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3054309</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>68991</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>176210</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1058211</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1160174</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>515357</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>20</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001594879-16-000192.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114161341
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001594879-16-000192
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161003
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Zoe's Kitchen, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001594879
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		IRS NUMBER:				510653504
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36411
		FILM NUMBER:		161994952

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O SUNIL DOSHI
		STREET 2:		5760 STATE HIGHWAY121, SUITE 250
		CITY:			PLANO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75024
		BUSINESS PHONE:		214-436-8765

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O SUNIL DOSHI
		STREET 2:		5760 STATE HIGHWAY121, SUITE 250
		CITY:			PLANO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75024

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001594879-16-000192.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 a2016q3-10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 

(Mark One) 
      QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
  For the quarter ended   October 3, 2016    
  or 
  o   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
  For the transition period from    to     
  Commission File No. 001-36411 
               ZOE'S KITCHEN, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes         No    o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes            No    o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.    
                       Large accelerated filer        

Accelerated filer                     o 
      Non-accelerated filer        o 
      
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
      
    Smaller reporting company    o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).     Yes    o      No      
  On November 14, 2016, there were   19,460,467   shares of common stock outstanding.  

Table of Contents  

Table of Contents 
                    Part I - Financial Information  
      
    Page 
       Item 1. Financial Statements     
      
    2 
       Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  
      
    2 
       Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations  
      
    3 
       Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
      
    4 
       Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
      
    5 
       Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      
    11 
       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
      
    25 
       Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
      
    25 
       Part II - Other Information  
      
    26 
       Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
      
    26 
       Item 1A. Risk Factors  
      
    26 
       Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
      
    26 
       Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
      
    26 
       Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  
      
    26 
       Item 5. Other Information  
      
    26 
       Item 6. Exhibits  
      
    27 
       Signatures  
      
    28 

1 

Table of Contents  

Part I - Financial Information 

Item 1.  Financial Statements 

Zoe's Kitchen, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   2 

Table of Contents  

Zoe's Kitchen, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
  (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

Table of Contents  

Zoe's Kitchen, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  (in thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

Table of Contents  

Zoe's Kitchen, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

1.    Nature of Operations and Basis of Presentation 
  Nature of Operations 
  Zoe s Kitchen, Inc. (the "Company", "Zo s", "we" or "us") primarily develops and operates fast-casual restaurants serving a distinct menu of freshly prepared Mediterranean-inspired dishes. As of   October 3, 2016  , we operated   194   Company-owned restaurants and   three   franchise restaurants in   20   states across the United States. We have determined that we have   one   operating and reportable segment. All of our revenues are derived in the United States. All of our assets are located in the United States.  
  Interim Financial Statements 
  The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and practices of the United States of America ("GAAP") for interim financial information. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) considered necessary for a fair statement of the results for interim periods have been included.  
  Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in audited consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP have been omitted pursuant to rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). Due to the seasonality of our business, results for any interim financial period are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved for a full fiscal year. In addition, quarterly results of operations may be impacted by the timing and amount of sales and costs associated with the opening of new restaurants. These interim unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements do not represent complete financial statements and should be read in conjunction with our annual financial statements included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2015 (the "2015 Form 10-K"). While the condensed consolidated balance sheet data as of December 28, 2015 was derived from audited financial statements, it does not include all disclosures required by GAAP.  
  Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
  Comprehensive income (loss) is the change in equity of a business enterprise during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources. Comprehensive income (loss) is the same as net income (loss) for all periods presented. Therefore, a separate statement of comprehensive income (loss) is not included in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements.  
  Principles of Consolidation 
  The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Zoe s Kitchen, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries, Zoe s Kitchen USA, LLC and Soho Franchising, LLC.  All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements presented herein reflect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows in conformity with GAAP.  
  Fiscal Year 
  We operate on a 52- or 53-week fiscal year that ends on the last Monday of the calendar year. Fiscal years ended   December 26, 2016   and   December 28, 2015   consist of 52 weeks. Our first fiscal quarter consists of 16 weeks, and each of our second, third and fourth fiscal quarters consists of 12 weeks, except for a 53-week year when the fourth quarter has 13 weeks.  
  Use of Estimates 
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions, such as valuation of long-lived, definite and indefinite-lived assets, estimated useful lives of assets, the reasonably assured lease terms of operating leases, the construction costs of leases where the Company is considered the owner during and after the construction period, allowance for doubtful accounts, the fair value and forfeiture rates related to equity-based compensation, the calculation of  
  
   5 

     Table of Contents  

self-insurance reserves, and deferred tax valuation allowances, that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  Actual results could differ from these estimates. 
  Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
  In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standard Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standard Update ("ASU") No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) - Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash payments,  which provides specific guidance regarding presentation and classification on a variety of cash payments and receipts. Among the issues addressed is the classification of proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims. This pronouncement is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and early adoption is permitted. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-15 to have a material impact on our financial position of results of operations.  
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718).  The pronouncement was issued to simplify the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including income tax consequences, the classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and the classification on the statement of cash flows. This pronouncement is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-09 on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-04, "Liabilities - Extinguishments of Liabilities (Subtopic 405-20)", which amends subtopic 405-20 to provide a scope exception that requires breakage for prepaid stored-value product liabilities to be accounted for consistent with the breakage guidance in Topic 606. The amendment is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods within those fiscal years. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-04 to have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations.  
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, "Leases (Topic 842)," which requires entities to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. Previous lease accounting did not require certain lease types to be recognized on the balance sheet. This update is an amendment to the codification and is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 including interim periods within those fiscal years applied using a modified retrospective approach. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-02 on our consolidated financial position or results of operations, but expect that it will result in a significant increase in our long-term assets and liabilities given we have a significant number of leases. 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers." This update was issued to replace the current revenue recognition guidance, creating a more comprehensive revenue model. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14 to defer the effective date for adoption. The update is now effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. In March 2016, April 2016 and May 2016, the FASB also issued ASU 2016-08, ASU 2016-10 and ASU 2016-12, respectively, to further clarify performance obligations and licensing implementation guidance and other general topics. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2014-09 on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. 
  
   6 

Table of Contents  

2.    Supplemental Information 
  Property and equipment, net consisted of the following (in thousands):   

  Accrued expenses and other consisted of the following (in thousands):    

3.    Fair Value Measurements 
  The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and all other current liabilities approximate fair values due to the short maturities of these instruments.  

4.    Bank Line of Credit and Term Loan 
  On February 6, 2015, we entered into a credit facility with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (the "2015 Credit Facility"). The 2015 Credit Facility consists of a revolving loan commitment in the aggregate amount of   $20.0 million  , together with an incremental revolving credit commitment up to an aggregate amount of   $30.0 million  . The 2015 Credit Facility has a   five   year term and matures on February 6, 2020. As of   October 3, 2016  , we had   no   indebtedness under the 2015 Credit Facility. 
  Revolving credit loans under the 2015 Credit Facility bear interest, at the Company s election, at either the base rate plus an applicable margin, or LIBOR plus an applicable margin. The base rate consists of the highest of the prime rate, the federal funds rate plus   0.5%   and LIBOR plus   1.0%  . The applicable margin and associated loan commitment fee consists of two pricing levels based on the Company s consolidated total debt ratio. If this debt ratio is greater than or equal to   2.50   to 1, then the unused commitment fee is   0.15%   per annum, and the applicable margin is LIBOR plus   1.5%   or the base rate plus   0.5%  . If this debt ratio is less than   2.50   to 1, then the unused commitment fee is   0.125%   per annum and the applicable margin is LIBOR plus   1.0%   or the base rate.  
  
   7 

     Table of Contents  

The 2015 Credit Facility includes specific financial covenants such as a leverage ratio and an interest coverage ratio. We are also subject to other customary covenants, including limitations on additional borrowings, dividend payments and acquisitions. As of   October 3, 2016  , we were in compliance with these financial and other customary covenants.  

5.    Equity-based Compensation 
  In connection with our initial public offering in April 2014 (the "IPO"), we adopted the 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the  2014 Incentive Plan ), which provides for grants of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, other stock-based awards and other cash-based awards available to directors, officers and other employees of us and our subsidiaries, as well as others performing consulting or advisory services to us. The number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2014 Incentive Plan may not exceed   1,905,799  .  
  The following table summarizes our stock option activity:   

  There were   250,000   stock options granted that vested immediately upon completion of the IPO. All other options vest in   four   equal annual installments following the date of the grant with a contractual term of   10   years.  
  The following table reflects the weighted-average assumptions utilized in the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to value the stock options granted:   

  (1) Expected volatility was based on competitors within the industry. 
  (2) Expected life was calculated using the simplified method, which is an average of the contractual term of the option and its ordinary vesting period, as we do not have sufficient historical data for determining the expected term of our stock option awards. 
    
  The following table summarizes our restricted stock unit activity:   

8 

     Table of Contents  

The fair value of the non-vested restricted stock units is based on the closing price on the date of grant. All of our outstanding restricted stock units vest in   three   equal annual installments following the date of the grant. 
  We recognized equity-based compensation as a component of general and administrative expenses of   $0.5 million   and   $0.3 million   during the   twelve weeks ended     October 3, 2016   and   October 5, 2015  , respectively, and   $1.7 million   and   $0.9 million   during the   forty weeks ended     October 3, 2016   and   October 5, 2015  , respectively. As of   October 3, 2016  , total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested stock awards, including an estimate for pre-vesting forfeitures, was   $5.4 million  , which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of    2.5   years.  

6.    Earnings Per Share 
  Basic net income (loss) per share is calculated by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average shares outstanding during the period, without consideration of common stock equivalents. Diluted net income (loss) per share is calculated by adjusting weighted average shares outstanding for the dilutive effect of common stock equivalents outstanding for the period, determined using the treasury-stock method.  
  The following table presents the computation of basic and diluted net income (loss) per share for the period indicated: 

During the   twelve weeks ended     October 3, 2016  , there were   591,546   stock options and   26,055   restricted stock units excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. During the   twelve weeks ended     October 5, 2015  , there were   493,039   stock options and   4,619   restricted stock units excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation because their inclusion would have been anti dilutive. 
  During the   forty weeks ended     October 3, 2016  , there were   411,001   stock options and   2,487   restricted stock units excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. During the   forty weeks ended     October 5, 2015  , there were   482,435   stock options and   4,302   restricted stock units excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive.  

7.    Income Taxes 
  Provision for income taxes was   $1.5 million   and   $3.1 million   for the   twelve weeks ended     October 3, 2016   and   October 5, 2015  , respectively, and   $2.6 million   and   $4.2 million   for the   forty weeks ended     October 3, 2016   and   October 5, 2015  , respectively. The effective tax rate was   52%   and   152%   for the   forty weeks ended     October 3, 2016   and   October 5, 2015  , respectively. Our tax expense typically remains relatively constant as it primarily reflects the accrual of income tax expense related to a valuation allowance in connection with the tax amortization of the Company s goodwill that was not available to offset existing deferred tax assets. Due to the uncertain timing of the reversal of this temporary difference, it cannot be considered as a source of future taxable income for purposes of determining a valuation allowance; therefore, the deferred tax liability cannot offset deferred tax assets. Our quarterly provision for income taxes is measured using an annual estimated effective tax rate for the full year applied  
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

to period earnings. The comparison of our effective tax rate between periods is significantly impacted by the level of pre-tax income earned and projected for the year. Our historical fourth quarter results in negative pretax income, creating significant fluctuations in income tax expense and the resulting effective tax rate quarter over quarter and year over year. 
  We continue to monitor and evaluate the rationale for recording a full valuation allowance for the net amount of the deferred tax assets which are in excess of the indefinite-lived intangible asset deferred tax liabilities. We intend to continue maintaining a full valuation allowance on these net deferred tax assets until there is sufficient evidence to support the reversal of all or some portion of these allowances. However, given our current earnings and anticipated future earnings, we believe there is a reasonable possibility that within the foreseeable future sufficient positive evidence may become available to allow us to reach a conclusion that a significant portion of the valuation allowance will no longer be needed. Release of the valuation allowance would result in the recognition of certain deferred tax assets and a decrease to income tax expense for the period that the release is recorded. However, the exact timing and amount of the valuation allowance release are subject to change on the basis of the level of profitability that we are able to achieve.  

8.    Commitments and Contingencies 
  Franchise Agreement 
  Our Kentucky franchise agreement, which requires the franchisee to remit continuing royalty fees at a specificed percentage of the franchisee's gross sales revenue, provides that we as franchisor, or our authorized representative, will: (a) provide franchisee with written schedules of all foods, food products, beverages, and other items for sale, and the furniture, fixtures, supplies and equipment necessary and required for the operation of the restaurant; (b) provide franchisee with a list of approved suppliers for the products and services necessary and required for the restaurant; (c) upon the reasonable written request of franchisee, render reasonable advisory services by telephone or in writing pertaining to the operation of the restaurant; (d) provide franchisee with a sample of the standard Zo s Kitchen menu, and any modifications to the menu; (e) loan franchisee a copy of the system s operating manual and any supplements to the manual that may be published by us; and (f) provide franchisee the opportunity to participate in group purchasing programs that we may use, develop, sponsor or provide on terms and conditions determined solely by us.  In addition, as a condition to the commencement of business by the franchisee, the franchisee must attend and successfully complete our training program. 
  Litigation 
  On October 31, 2014, Forsyth Consulting, Inc. ("Forsyth"), a former music vendor for the Company, filed a complaint against the Company in the Circuit Court of Jefferson County, Alabama alleging breach of contract with respect to its prior music service contract. We have removed the action to federal court and, on December 19, 2014, we filed a counterclaim in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Alabama, alleging breach of contract and tortious interference with business relations claims against Forsyth. We do not anticipate the results of this proceeding to have a material effect on our results of operations. 
  We are currently involved in various claims and legal actions that arise in the ordinary course of our business, including claims resulting from employment related matters. None of these claims, most of which are covered by insurance, has had a material effect on us. As of the date of this report, other than as set forth above, we are not party to any material pending legal proceedings and are not aware of any claims that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. However, a significant increase in the number of these claims or an increase in amounts owing under successful claims could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

10 

Table of Contents  

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF  
  FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
  The following discussion summarizes the significant factors affecting our consolidated operating results, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows as of and for the periods presented below. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes in Item 1 and with the audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in our 2015 Form 10-K. 
  In addition to historical information, this discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions, such as our plans, objectives, expectations, and intentions set forth under the sections entitled "Risk Factors" and "Forward-Looking Statements" as filed in our 2015 Form 10-K.  
  Overview 
  Zo s Kitchen is a fast growing, fast-casual restaurant concept serving a distinct menu of fresh, wholesome, Mediterranean-inspired dishes delivered with Southern hospitality. Founded in 1995 by Zo  and Marcus Cassimus in Birmingham, Alabama, Zo s Kitchen is a natural extension of Zo  Cassimus' lifetime passion for cooking Mediterranean meals for family and friends. Since opening our first restaurant, we have never wavered from our commitment to make our food fresh daily and to serve our customers in a warm and welcoming environment. We believe our brand delivers on our customers' desire for freshly-prepared food, convenient, unique and high-quality experiences and their commitment to family, friends and enjoying every moment. 
  Growth Strategies and Outlook 
  We plan to execute the following strategies to continue to enhance our brand awareness and grow our revenue and increase profitability: 
             
    grow our restaurant base; 
                
    increase our comparable restaurant sales; and 
                
    improve our margins and leverage our infrastructure. 
       
  We have expanded our restaurant base from 21 restaurants in seven states in 2008 to   194   Company-owned restaurants and three franchise restaurants in   20   states as of   October 3, 2016  . We opened 31 Company-owned restaurants during the   forty weeks ended     October 3, 2016   and reopened the restaurant in South Carolina damaged by a hurricane last year. We plan to open 37-38 restaurants in 2016, including the restaurants opened in the   forty weeks ended     October 3, 2016  . In fiscal year 2016 we have opened 35 restaurants as of November 14, 2016 and reopened the restaurant in South Carolina damaged by a hurricane last year. We expect to double our restaurant base in the next four years. To increase comparable restaurant sales, we plan to heighten brand awareness to drive new customer traffic, increase existing customer frequency and grow our catering business. With our strong brand positioning and developed infrastructure capable of supporting a restaurant base that is greater than our existing footprint, we believe we are well positioned for future growth. Additionally, we believe we have an opportunity to optimize costs and increase profitability as we benefit from economies of scale. 
  Key Measures We Use to Evaluate Our Performance 
  In assessing the performance of our business, we consider a variety of performance and financial measures. The key measures used by our management for determining how our business is performing are restaurant sales, comparable restaurant sales growth, restaurant contribution, number of new restaurant openings, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA. 
  Restaurant Sales 
  Restaurant sales represents sales of food and beverages in Company-owned restaurants. Several factors affect our restaurant sales in any given period, including the number of restaurants in operation and per restaurant sales. 
  
   11 

     Table of Contents  

Comparable Restaurant Sales Growth 
  Comparable restaurant sales refers to year-over-year sales comparisons for the comparable Company-owned restaurant base. We define the comparable restaurant base to include those restaurants open for 18 fiscal periods or longer. Each fiscal period consists of 28 days. As of   October 3, 2016   and   October 5, 2015  , there were   143   and 111 restaurants, respectively, in our comparable Company-owned restaurant base. This measure highlights performance of existing restaurants, as the impact of new Company-owned restaurant openings is excluded. 
  Comparable restaurant sales growth is generated by an increase in transactions or changes in per transaction spend. Per transaction spend can be influenced by changes in menu prices and/or the mix and number of items sold per check. 
  Measuring our comparable restaurant sales allows us to evaluate the performance of our existing restaurant base. Various factors impact comparable restaurant sales, including: 
             
    consumer recognition of our brand and our ability to respond to changing consumer preferences; 
                
    overall economic trends, particularly those related to consumer spending; 
                
    our ability to operate restaurants effectively and efficiently to meet consumer expectations; 
                
    pricing; 
                
    customer demand; 
                
    per-transaction spend and average check amount; 
                
    marketing and promotional efforts; 
                
    local competition; 
                
    trade area dynamics; 
                
    introduction of new menu items; and 
                
    opening of new restaurants in the vicinity of existing locations. 
       
  Consistent with common industry practice, we present comparable restaurant sales on a fiscal year basis that aligns current year sales weeks with comparable periods in the prior year, regardless of whether they belong to the same calendar period or not. Since opening new Company-owned restaurants will be a significant component of our revenue growth, comparable restaurant sales is only one measure of how we evaluate our performance. 
  Restaurant Contribution 
  Restaurant contribution is defined as restaurant sales less restaurant operating costs, which are cost of sales, labor, and store operating expenses.  Restaurant contribution margin is restaurant contribution as a percentage of restaurant sales.  
  Number of New Restaurant Openings 
  The number of Company-owned restaurant openings reflects the number of restaurants opened during a particular reporting period. Before we open new Company-owned restaurants, we incur pre-opening costs. Some of our restaurants open with an initial start-up period of higher than normal sales volumes, which subsequently decrease to stabilized levels. Typically, our new restaurants have stabilized sales after approximately 12 to 24 weeks of operation, at which time the restaurant's sales typically begin to grow on a consistent basis. In new markets, the length of time before average sales for new restaurants stabilize is less predictable and can be longer as a result of our limited knowledge of these markets and consumers' limited awareness of our brand. New restaurants may not be profitable, and their sales performance may not follow historical patterns. The number and timing of restaurant openings has had, and is expected to continue to have, an impact on our results of operations.  

12 

     Table of Contents  

The following table shows the growth in our Company-owned and franchise restaurant base: 

Key Financial Definitions 
  Restaurant sales  .    Restaurant sales represent sales of food and beverages in Company-owned restaurants, net of promotional allowances and employee meals. Restaurant sales in a given period are directly impacted by the number of operating weeks in the period, the number of restaurants we operate and comparable restaurant sales growth. 
  Royalty fees.      Royalty fees represent royalty income from the three franchised restaurants. 
  Cost of sales.      Cost of sales consists primarily of food, beverage and packaging costs. The components of cost of sales are variable in nature, change with sales volume and are influenced by menu mix and subject to increases or decreases based on fluctuations in commodity costs. 
  Labor.      Labor includes all restaurant-level management and hourly labor costs, including salaries, wages, benefits and bonuses, payroll taxes and other indirect labor costs. 
  Store operating expenses.      Store operating expenses include all other restaurant-level operating expenses, such as supplies, utilities, repairs and maintenance, travel costs, credit card fees, recruiting, delivery service, restaurant-level marketing costs, security and occupancy expenses. 
  General and administrative expenses.      General and administrative expenses include expenses associated with corporate and regional functions that support the development and operations of restaurants, including compensation and benefits, travel expenses, stock compensation costs, legal and professional fees, information systems, corporate office rent and other related corporate costs. 
  Depreciation.      Depreciation consists of depreciation of fixed assets, including equipment and capitalized leasehold improvements. 
  Amortization.      Amortization consists of amortization of certain intangible assets including franchise agreements, trademarks, reacquired rights and favorable leases. 
  Pre-opening costs.      Pre-opening costs consist of expenses incurred prior to opening a new restaurant and are made up primarily of manager salaries, relocation costs, supplies, recruiting expenses, employee payroll and training costs. Pre-opening costs also include occupancy costs recorded during the period between date of possession and the restaurant's opening date. 
  Casualty loss.      Casualty loss consists of the non-cash loss recognized on the write-off of long-lived assets. 
  Loss from disposal of equipment.      Loss from disposal of equipment is composed of the loss on disposal of assets related to retirements and replacements of leasehold improvements or equipment. These losses are related to normal disposals in the ordinary course of business, along with disposals related to selected restaurant remodeling activities. 
  
   13 

     Table of Contents  

Interest expense, net.      Interest expense includes cash and imputed non-cash charges related to our deemed landlord financing, non-cash charges related to our residual value obligations, amortization of debt issue costs as well as cash payments and accrued charges related to our 2015 Credit Facility. 
  Provision for income taxes.      Provision for income taxes represents federal, state and local current and deferred income tax expense. 
  
   14 

Table of Contents  

Consolidated Results of Operations 
  The following table summarizes key components of our results of operations for the periods indicated as a percentage of our total revenue, except for the components of restaurant operating costs, which are expressed as a percentage of restaurant sales.  

15 

     Table of Contents  

Twelve Weeks Ended     October 3, 2016    compared to   Twelve Weeks Ended     October 5, 2015    
  The following table presents selected consolidated comparative results of oeprations from our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the   twelve weeks ended     October 3, 2016   compared to the   twelve weeks ended     October 5, 2015  . 

Restaurant sales.      The following table summarizes the growth in restaurant sales from the   twelve weeks ended     October 5, 2015   to the   twelve weeks ended     October 3, 2016   (dollars in thousands):   

16 

     Table of Contents  

Restaurant sales increased by   $10.9 million  , or   19.4%  , in the   twelve weeks ended     October 3, 2016   compared to the   twelve weeks ended     October 5, 2015  . Restaurants not in the comparable restaurant base and other sales accounted for   $9.7 million   of this increase. The balance of the growth was due to an increase in comparable restaurant sales of   $1.2 million  , or   2.4%  , in the   twelve weeks ended     October 3, 2016   comprised primarily of a   0.5%   decrease in transactions and product mix combined with a   2.9%   increase in price. 
  Royalty fees.      Royalty fees remained flat in the   twelve weeks ended     October 3, 2016   compared to the   twelve weeks ended     October 5, 2015  .  
  Cost of sales.      Cost of sales   increased     $3.1 million   in the   twelve weeks ended     October 3, 2016   compared to the   twelve weeks ended     October 5, 2015  , due primarily to the increase in restaurant sales. As a percentage of restaurant sales, cost of sales decreased from   31.5%   in the   twelve weeks ended     October 5, 2015   to   30.9%   in the   twelve weeks ended     October 3, 2016  . This decrease was primarily driven by lower costs in produce and paper products. 
  Labor.      Labor   increased   by   $3.6 million   in the   twelve weeks ended     October 3, 2016   compared to the   twelve weeks ended     October 5, 2015  , due primarily to opening   36   new Company-owned restaurants. As a percentage of restaurant sales, labor increased from   28.2%   in the   twelve weeks ended     October 5, 2015   to   29.0%   in the   twelve weeks ended     October 3, 2016  . The increase was primarily driven by an increase in wage rates and benefit costs as well as the dilutive effect on margins from our newest restaurants which, on average, initially operate at less than system-wide average sales volumes. 
  Store operating expenses.      Store operating expenses   increased   by   $3.5 million   in the   twelve weeks ended     October 3, 2016   compared to the   twelve weeks ended     October 5, 2015  , due primarily to opening   36   new Company-owned restaurants. As a percentage of restaurant sales, store operating expense increased from   18.8%   in the   twelve weeks ended     October 5, 2015   to   20.9%   in the   twelve weeks ended     October 3, 2016  . This increase was primarily attributable to the dilutive effect on margins from our newest restaurants which, on average, initially operate at less than system-wide average sales volumes as well as increased costs related to foundational in-store technology. 
  General and administrative expenses.      General and administrative expenses   decreased   by   $0.1 million   in the   twelve weeks ended     October 3, 2016   compared to the   twelve weeks ended     October 5, 2015  . As a percentage of revenue, general and administrative expenses decreased from   11.3%   in the   twelve weeks ended     October 5, 2015   to   9.4%   in the   twelve weeks ended     October 3, 2016  . The decrease is primarily driven by executive transition costs of $0.3 million in the prior year and a decrease in our variable incentive compensation offset by increased corporate payroll and benefits costs associated with supporting an increased number of restaurants, incremental compliance costs as well as increased non-cash equity-based compensation due to headcount growth.  
  Depreciation.      Depreciation   increased   by   $0.7 million   in the   twelve weeks ended     October 3, 2016   compared to the   twelve weeks ended     October 5, 2015  , due primarily to opening   36   new Company-owned restaurants. As a percentage of revenue, depreciation increased from   4.9%   in the   twelve weeks ended     October 5, 2015   to   5.2%   in the   twelve weeks ended     October 3, 2016  . 
  Amortization.      Amortization remained flat in the   twelve weeks ended     October 3, 2016   compared to the   twelve weeks ended     October 5, 2015  . 
  Pre-opening costs.      Pre-opening costs   decreased   by   $0.1 million   in the   twelve weeks ended     October 3, 2016   compared to the   twelve weeks ended     October 5, 2015  . As a percent of revenue, pre-opening costs decreased from   1.2%   in the   twelve weeks ended     October 5, 2015   to   0.9%   in the   twelve weeks ended     October 3, 2016   primarily due to timing of openings and improved cost management. 
  Casualty loss.      During the   twelve weeks ended     October 5, 2015  , we recognized a   $0.4 million   write-off of long-lived assets associated with a restaurant in Columbia, South Carolina affected by extreme flooding resulting from Hurricane Joaquin. The restaurant reopened in the same location on May 12, 2016. 
  Interest expense.      Interest expense   increased   by   $0.1 million   in the   twelve weeks ended     October 3, 2016   compared to the   twelve weeks ended     October 5, 2015  , due primarily to increased interest from deemed landlord financing. 
  
   17 

     Table of Contents  

Provision for income taxes.      Provision for income taxes   decreased   by   $1.6 million   in the   twelve weeks ended     October 3, 2016   compared to the   twelve weeks ended     October 5, 2015  . Our tax expense typically remains relatively constant as it primarily reflects the accrual of income tax expense related to a valuation allowance in connection with the tax amortization of the Company s goodwill that was not available to offset existing deferred tax assets. Due to the uncertain timing of the reversal of this temporary difference, it cannot be considered as a source of future taxable income for purposes of determining a valuation allowance; therefore the deferred tax liability cannot offset deferred tax assets.  The comparison of our effective tax rate between periods is significantly impacted by the level of pre-tax income earned and projected for the year. Our historical fourth quarter results in negative pretax income, creating significant fluctuations in income tax expense and the resulting effective tax rate quarter over quarter and year over year. 
  
   18 

     Table of Contents  

Forty Weeks Ended     October 3, 2016   compared to   Forty Weeks Ended     October 5, 2015    
  The following table presents selected consolidated comparative results of operations from our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the   forty weeks ended     October 3, 2016   compared to the   forty weeks ended     October 5, 2015  : 

Restaurant sales.      The following table summarizes the growth in restaurant sales from the   forty weeks ended     October 5, 2015   to the   forty weeks ended     October 3, 2016   (dollars in thousands):   

19 

     Table of Contents  

Restaurant sales increased by   $40.1 million  , or   23.1%  , in the   forty weeks ended     October 3, 2016   compared to the   forty weeks ended     October 5, 2015  . Restaurants not in the comparable restaurant base and other sales accounted for   $32.3 million   of this increase. The balance of the growth was due to an increase in comparable restaurant sales of   $7.8 million  , or   4.9%  , in the   forty weeks ended     October 3, 2016   comprised primarily of a   2.2%   increase in transactions and product mix combined with a   2.7%   increase in price. 
  Royalty fees.      Royalty fees remained flat in the   forty weeks ended     October 3, 2016   compared to the   forty weeks ended     October 5, 2015  . 
  Cost of sales.      Cost of sales   increased     $10.0 million   in the   forty weeks ended     October 3, 2016   compared to the   forty weeks ended     October 5, 2015  , due primarily to the increase in restaurant sales. As a percentage of restaurant sales, cost of sales decreased from   31.5%   in the   forty weeks ended     October 5, 2015   to   30.3%   in the   forty weeks ended     October 3, 2016  . This decrease was primarily driven by lower costs in poultry, produce and paper products. 
  Labor.      Labor   increased   by   $12.9 million   in the   forty weeks ended     October 3, 2016   compared to the   forty weeks ended     October 5, 2015  , due primarily to opening   36   new Company-owned restaurants. As a percentage of restaurant sales, labor increased from   28.0%   in the   forty weeks ended     October 5, 2015   to   28.8%   in the   forty weeks ended     October 3, 2016  . The increase was primarily driven by an increase in wage rates and benefit costs as well as the dilutive effect on margins from our newest restaurants which, on average, initially operate at less than system-wide average sales volumes. 
  Store operating expenses.      Store operating expenses   increased   by   $9.6 million   in the   forty weeks ended     October 3, 2016   compared to the   forty weeks ended     October 5, 2015  , due primarily to opening   36   new Company-owned restaurants. As a percentage of restaurant sales, store operating expense increased from   18.9%   in the   forty weeks ended     October 5, 2015   to   19.9%   in the   forty weeks ended     October 3, 2016  . This increase was primarily attributable to the dilutive effect on margins from our newest restaurants which, on average, initially operate at less than system-wide average sales volumes as well as increased costs related to foundational in-store technology. 
  General and administrative expenses.      General and administrative expenses   increased   by   $3.1 million   in the   forty weeks ended     October 3, 2016   compared to the   forty weeks ended     October 5, 2015  . As a percentage of revenue, general and administrative expenses decreased from   11.4%   in the   forty weeks ended     October 5, 2015   to   10.8%   in the   forty weeks ended     October 3, 2016  . The decrease is primarily driven by executive transition costs of $0.9 million in the prior year and a decrease in our variable incentive compensation offset by increased corporate payroll and benefits costs associated with supporting an increased number of restaurants, incremental compliance costs as well as increased non-cash equity-based compensation due to headcount growth.  
  Depreciation.      Depreciation   increased   by   $2.2 million   in the   forty weeks ended     October 3, 2016   compared to the   forty weeks ended     October 5, 2015  , due primarily to opening   36   new Company-owned restaurants. As a percentage of revenue, depreciation increased from   4.9%   in the   forty weeks ended     October 5, 2015   to   5.0%   in the   forty weeks ended     October 3, 2016  . 
  Amortization.      Amortization remained flat in the   forty weeks ended     October 3, 2016   compared to the   forty weeks ended     October 5, 2015  . 
  Pre-opening costs.      Pre-opening costs   decreased   by   $0.3 million   in the   forty weeks ended     October 3, 2016   compared to the   forty weeks ended     October 5, 2015  . As a percent of revenue, pre-opening costs decreased from   1.3%   in the   forty weeks ended     October 5, 2015   to   0.9%   in the   forty weeks ended     October 3, 2016   primarily due to timing of openings and improved cost management. 
  Casualty loss.     During the   forty weeks ended     October 5, 2015  , we recognized   $0.4 million   write-off of long-lived assets associated with a restaurant in Columbia, South Carolina affected by extreme flooding resulting from Hurricane Joaquin. The restaurant reopened in the same location on May 12, 2016. 
  Interest expense.      Interest expense   increased   by   $0.5 million   in the   forty weeks ended     October 3, 2016   compared to the   forty weeks ended     October 5, 2015  , due primarily to increased interest from deemed landlord financing. 
  
   20 

     Table of Contents  

Provision for income taxes.      Provision for income taxes   decreased     $1.6 million   for the   forty weeks ended     October 3, 2016   compared to the   forty weeks ended     October 5, 2015  . Our tax expense typically remains relatively constant as it primarily reflects the accrual of income tax expense related to a valuation allowance in connection with the tax amortization of the Company s goodwill that was not available to offset existing deferred tax assets. Due to the uncertain timing of the reversal of this temporary difference, it cannot be considered as a source of future taxable income for purposes of determining a valuation allowance; therefore the deferred tax liability cannot offset deferred tax assets.  The comparison of our effective tax rate between periods is significantly impacted by the level of pre-tax income earned and projected for the year. Our historical fourth quarter results in negative pretax income, creating significant fluctuations in income tax expense and the resulting effective tax rate quarter over quarter and year over year. 
  Adjusted EBITDA 
  EBITDA is defined as net income (loss) before interest, income taxes and depreciation and amortization. 
  We define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA plus gains and loses on asset disposals, pre-opening costs, casualty loss and executive transition costs. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are intended as a supplemental measures of our performance that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, GAAP. We believe that EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA provide useful information to management and investors regarding certain financial and business trends relating to our financial condition and operating results. Our management uses EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA (i) as a factor in evaluating management's performance when determining incentive compensation and (ii) to evaluate the effectiveness of our business strategies. 
  We believe that the use of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA provides an additional tool for investors to use in evaluating ongoing operating results and trends and in comparing the Company's financial measures with other fast casual restaurants, which may present similar non-GAAP financial measures to investors. In addition, you should be aware when evaluating EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA that in the future we may incur expenses similar to those excluded when calculating these measures. Our presentation of these measures should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. Our computation of Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures computed by other companies, because all companies do not calculate Adjusted EBITDA in the same fashion. 
  Our management does not consider EBITDA or Adjusted EBITDA in isolation or as an alternative to financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP. The principal limitation of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA is that they exclude significant expenses and income that are required by GAAP to be recorded in the Company's financial statements. Some of these limitations are: 
             
    Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect our cash expenditures, or future requirements, for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; 
                
    Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 
                
    Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments, on our debts; 
                
    although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements; 
                
    Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the impact of certain cash charges resulting from matters we consider not to be indicative of our ongoing operations; and 
                
    other companies in our industry may calculate Adjusted EBITDA differently than we do, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. 
       
  Because of these limitations, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for performance measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. We compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP results and using EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA only supplementally. You should review the reconciliation of net income to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA below and not rely on any single financial measure to evaluate our business. 
  
   21 

     Table of Contents  

The following table reconciles net income (loss) to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA: 

22 

Table of Contents  

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  Potential Impacts of Market Conditions on Capital Resources 
  We have continued to experience increases in comparable restaurant sales, operating cash flows and restaurant contribution; however, the restaurant industry continues to be highly competitive, and uncertainty exists as to the sustainability of these favorable trends. We have continued to implement various cost savings initiatives, including savings in our food costs through waste reduction and efficiency initiatives in our supply chain and labor costs. We have developed new menu items to appeal to consumers and used marketing campaigns to promote these items. 
  We believe that cash and cash equivalents, available borrowings and expected cash flow from operations are adequate to fund our operating lease obligations, capital expenditures and working capital obligations for the next 12 months. However, our ability to continue to meet these requirements and obligations will depend on, among other things, our ability to achieve anticipated levels of revenue and cash flow from operations and our ability to manage costs and working capital successfully.  
  Summary of Cash Flows 
  Following the IPO, our primary sources of liquidity and cash flows have been operating cash flows and the remaining net proceeds from the IPO. We are using these sources to fund capital expenditures for new Company-owned restaurant openings, reinvest in our existing restaurants, repurchase restaurants from our franchisees, invest in infrastructure and information technology and maintain working capital. Our working capital position benefits from the fact that we generally collect cash from sales to customers the same day, or in the case of credit or debit card transactions, within several days of the related sale, and we typically have at least 20 days to pay our vendors. 

Cash Flows Provided by Operating Activities 
  Net cash provided by operating activities increased to   $22.1 million   for the   forty weeks ended     October 3, 2016   from   $19.9 million   for the   forty weeks ended     October 5, 2015  . Net cash provided by operating activities consists primarily of net income, adjusted for non-cash expenses such as depreciation and amortization, and the net change in operating assets and liabilities. Net cash provided by operating activities for the   forty weeks ended     October 3, 2016   consisted primarily of net income adjusted for non-cash expenses and an increase in deferred rent related to new store openings.  
  Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities 
  Net cash used in investing activities increased to   $32.9 million   for the   forty weeks ended     October 3, 2016   from   $30.6 million   for the   forty weeks ended     October 5, 2015  . The increase was primarily due to purchases of property and equipment offset by proceeds from a sale-leaseback transaction in the   forty weeks ended     October 3, 2016   of   $2.1 million  . 
  Cash Flows Provided by Financing Activities 
  Cash flows provided by financing activities decreased to   $1.2 million   for the   forty weeks ended     October 3, 2016   from   $1.7 million   for the   forty weeks ended     October 5, 2015  , primarily due to less proceeds from the exercise of stock options and deemed landlord financing. 
  
   23 

     Table of Contents  

Credit Facility 
  On February 6, 2015, we entered into the 2015 Credit Facility with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. The 2015 Credit Facility consists of a revolving loan commitment in the aggregate amount of $20.0 million, together with an incremental revolving credit commitment up to an aggregate amount of $30.0 million. The 2015 Credit Facility has a five year term and matures on February 6, 2020. As of   October 3, 2016  , we had no indebtedness under the 2015 Credit Facility.  
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  As of    October 3, 2016  , we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
  Our discussion and analysis of operating results and financial condition are based upon our financial statements. The preparation of our financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our estimates on past experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, and we evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis. Our critical accounting policies are those that materially affect our financial statements and involve difficult, subjective or complex judgments by management. Although these estimates are based on management's best knowledge of current events and actions that may impact us in the future, actual results may be materially different from the estimates.  
  We believe our critical accounting policies are affected by significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements and that the judgments and estimates are reasonable. Our critical accounting polices and estimates are described in our annual consolidated financial statements and the related notes in our 2015 Form 10-K. 

24 

Table of Contents  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
  There have been no material changes to our exposure to market risk previously disclosed in Part II, Item 7A of our 2015 Form 10-K for the year ended December 28, 2015. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
  As of   October 3, 2016  , the Company's management carried out an evaluation with the participation of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). Based on the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information we are required to file under the Exchange Act is recorded and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  
  There have been no changes in internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended   October 3, 2016   that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting.  

25 

Table of Contents  

Part II - Other Information 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
    
  Refer to Note 8, Commitments and Contingencies, of the Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
  There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 28, 2015. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity and Use of Proceeds 
    
  None. 

Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities 
    
  None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
    
    None. 

Item 5. Other Information 
    
    None. 
  
   26 

Table of Contents  

Item 6. Exhibits 
    
  Exhibit Index 
                     Exhibit Number 
      
    Description of Exhibit 
      31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      32.1* 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      101.INS 

XBRL Instance Document 
      101.SCH 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
      101.CAL 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
      101.DEF 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
      101.LAB 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
      101.PRE 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

*   This certification is deemed not filed for purposes of section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act. 

27 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  
    
  Date:   November 14, 2016    
    
  ZOE'S KITCHEN, INC. 
    
                 By: 
    /s/ Kevin Miles 
        
    Name: Kevin Miles 
        
    Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 

By: 
    /s/ Sunil Doshi 
        
    Name: Sunil Doshi 
        
    Title: Chief Financial Officer 

28 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex311section302certificati.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 
    
  I, Kevin Miles, certify that: 
    
  1.    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   October 3, 2016   of Zoe s Kitchen, Inc.; 
    
  2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
    
  3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
    
  4.    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:  
    
  a)    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
    
  b)    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
    
  c)    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
    
  5.    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
    
  a)    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
    
  b)    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
    November 14, 2016 
      
    /s/ Kevin Miles 

Kevin Miles 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex312section302certificati.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 
    
  I, Sunil Doshi, certify that: 
    
  1.    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   October 3, 2016   of Zoe s Kitchen, Inc.; 
    
  2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
    
  3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
    
  4.    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:  
    
  a)    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
    
  b)    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
    
  c)    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
    
  5.    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
    
  a)    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
    
  b)    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
    
                     Date: 
    November 14, 2016 
      
    /s/ Sunil Doshi 

Sunil Doshi 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex321soxcertificatonq316.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, each of the undersigned certifies that this periodic report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in this periodic report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the issuer.  
    
                     Dated: 
    November 14, 2016 

/s/ Kevin Miles 

Kevin Miles 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Sunil Doshi 

Sunil Doshi 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 zoes-20161003.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 zoes-20161003.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 zoes-20161003_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 zoes-20161003_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 zoes-20161003_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 zoes-20161003_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

