<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_707511_0001144204-16-134301_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3533220</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>199100</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>210270</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>911863</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1527915</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>618610</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>21</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134301.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114165845
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134301
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			REGENERX BIOPHARMACEUTICALS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000707511
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				521253406
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15070
		FILM NUMBER:		161995759

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15245 SHADY GROVE ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 470
		CITY:			ROCKVILLE
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20850
		BUSINESS PHONE:		301-208-9191

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15245 SHADY GROVE ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 470
		CITY:			ROCKVILLE
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20850

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALPHA 1 BIOMEDICALS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950719

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134301.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v452342_10q.htm
 10-Q

United
States  

  Securities
and Exchange Commission  

  Washington,
DC 20549  

FORM 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended  September
30, 2016   

For the transition period from
___________________ to __________________. 

Commission file number  001-15070  

RegeneRx
Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.   

 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in
its Charter) 

15245 Shady Grove Road 

 Suite 470 

  Rockville, Maryland 20850  

 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(301) 208-9191  

 (Registrant's Telephone Number, Including
Area Code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

Yes          No       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
and post such files). 

  Yes          No       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  accelerated filer, 
 large accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer       
       
      Accelerated filer       
 
      Non-accelerated filer      
       
      Smaller reporting company       
 
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes      
 No      

106,787,151
shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, were outstanding as of November 11, 2016.   

RegeneRx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.  

  Form 10-Q  

  Quarterly Period Ended September 30,
2016  

Index 

Page No.   
 
      Part I.  
       Financial Information   

Item 1.  
       Condensed Financial Statements   

Condensed Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016   (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   
       
     3  

Condensed Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
       
      4   

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
       
      5   

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
      6-22   

Item 2.  
       Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
       
      22   

Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
       
      35   

Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
       
      35   

Part II.  
       Other Information   

Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
       
      36   

Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
       
      36   

Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
       
      51   

Item 3.  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
       
      51   

Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
       
      51   

Item 5.  
       Other Information   
       
      51   

Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
       
      52   

Signatures   
       
      53   

2   

Part
I   Financial Information  

Item 1. Condensed Financial Statements 

RegeneRx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.  

  Condensed Balance Sheets  

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of these condensed financial statements. 

3   

RegeneRx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.  

  Condensed Statements of Operations  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed financial statements. 

4   

RegeneRx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.  

  Condensed Statements of Cash Flows  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed financial statements. 

5   

RegeneRx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

  For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)  

1.    organization,
business overview and basis of presentation   

Organization and Nature of Operations.  

RegeneRx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. ( RegeneRx ,
the  Company ,  We ,  Us ,  Our ), a Delaware corporation, was incorporated in
1982. We are focused on the discovery and development of novel molecules to accelerate tissue and organ repair. Our operations
are confined to one business segment: the development and marketing of product candidates based on Thymosin Beta 4 ( T 4 ),
an amino acid peptide. 

Management Plans.   

On June 27, 2016, we entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement with Sabby Healthcare Master Fund, Ltd., and Sabby Volatility Warrant Master Fund, Ltd. (collectively,  Sabby )
pursuant to which we agreed to sell, and the purchasers agreed to purchase, an aggregate of 5,147,059 shares of common stock and
warrants to purchase 5,147,059 shares of common stock, which we refer to as the 2016 Offering (see note 8). We received approximately
$1,520,000 in net proceeds from the 2016 Offering. We believe our current cash on hand will fund our planned operations into the
4 th  quarter of 2017. 

In May 2016, we announced the top
line data from the Phase 2/3 clinical trial in patients with dry eye syndrome ( DES ), sponsored by our U.S.
joint venture, ReGenTree, LLC. Although the co-primary endpoints were not met, ReGenTree demonstrated RGN-259 s
protective efficacy in improving signs and symptom of DES, which are in line with certain results observed in the previous
Phase 2a trial. Importantly, ReGenTree identified what we believe to be approvable sign and symptom endpoints, which had high
statistical significance. The FDA approved ReGenTree s Phase 3 protocol for DES in late summer and we initiated a
second Phase 3 trial that has begun enrolling approxiamtely 500 patients. 

On January 28, 2015, we announced that
we had entered into a Joint Venture Agreement (the  Joint Venture Agreement ) with GtreeBNT Co., Ltd., a Korean pharma
company ( GtreeBNT ) and shareholder of the Company. The Joint Venture Agreement provides for the creation of an entity,
ReGenTree, LLC ( ReGenTree ), jointly owned by us and GtreeBNT, that will commercialize RGN-259 for treatment of dry
eye and neurotrophic keratopathy, an orphan indication in the United States. GtreeBNT is responsible for funding all product development
and commercialization efforts, and holds a majority interest of ReGenTree that varies depending on development milestones achieved
and eventual commercialization path, if successful. 

RegeneRx s initial ownership interest
in ReGenTree was 49% and was reduced to 42% after the clinical study report was filed for the Phase 2/3 dry eye clinical trial.
Based on when, and if, certain additional development milestones are achieved in the U.S. with RGN-259, our equity ownership in
ReGenTree may be incrementally reduced to between 42% and 25%, with 25% being our final equity ownership upon approval of an NDA
for Dry Eye Syndrome in the U.S. In addition, we retain a single digit to low double-digit royalty on commercial sales as described
below. In the event the ReGenTree entity is acquired or there is a change of control that occurs following achievement of an NDA,
RegeneRx shall be entitled to a minimum of 40% of proceeds paid or payable and will forgo any future royalties. RegeneRx holds
one of three board seats ReGenTree s board and certain major decisions and transactions within ReGenTree, such as commercialization
strategy, mergers, and acquisitions, require RegeneRx s board designee s consent. 

In conjunction with the Joint Venture Agreement,
we also entered into a royalty-bearing license agreement (the  License Agreement ) with ReGenTree pursuant to which
we granted to ReGenTree the right to develop and exclusively commercialize RGN-259 in the United States. We received a total of
$1 million in two tranches under the terms of the License Agreement. The first tranche of $500,000 was received in March 2015 and
a second in the amount of $500,000 was received in September 2015. On April 6, 2016, we received $250,000 from ReGenTree and executed
an amendment to the license agreement on April 28, 2016. Under the amendment the territorial rights were expanded to include Canada
and we are also entitled to royalties as a percentage of net sales ranging from the single digits to the low-double digits based
on the medical indications approved and whether the Joint Venture commercializes products directly or through a third party. 

6   

In September 2015, ReGenTree began a Phase
2/3 clinical trial in patients with DES and a Phase 3 clinical trial in patients with neurotrophic keratopathy ( NK ),
both in the U.S. In January 2016, the DES trial completed enrollment of all patients in the trial. The last patient received the
last treatment in February. Results from the DES trial were released in early May 2016. 

The trial, which enrolled 317 subjects,
tested two doses of RGN-259 eye drops containing 0.05% and 0.1% concentrations of the T 4 four times daily for 28 days vs.
placebo. On Day 29, the day after the 28th and final day of dosing, patients were subject to the Controlled Adverse Environment
( CAE ) challenge. Co-primary endpoints were total corneal fluorescein staining score change on the 29th day pre-CAE
and post-CAE (sign) and total ocular discomfort score change on the 29th day pre-CAE and post-CAE (symptom). Although the co-primary
endpoints were not met, we demonstrated RGN-259 s protective efficacy in improving signs and symptoms of DES in sub-groups
of patients, which is in line with the results observed in the previous Phase 2a trial. Importantly, we identified approvable sign
and symptom endpoints, which were met with statistical significance and have been designated as the primary endpoints of our current
Phase 3 trial. 

RGN-259 was safe and well-tolerated and
comfortable for the patients with no irritation upon instillation. There were no significant drug-related adverse events for both
concentrations. The safety profile is consistent with that observed in the previous Phase 2a trial. 

The NK trial, a smaller study in an orphan
population, has enrolled eleven patients thus far, and has three additional patients being screened with a goal of forty-six. Of
the eight original clinical sites for the study, six are enrolling patients, one has yet to receive IRB approval to begin enrolling
patients, and one was unable to consummate a clinical contract with ReGenTree. ReGenTree is adding four additional sites and has
retained a specialized recruitment center to accelerate patient enrollment. 

Currently, we have active partnerships
in three major territories: the U.S., China and Pan Asia. Our partners have been moving forward and making progress in each territory.
In each case, the cost of development is being borne by our partners with no financial obligation for RegeneRx. 

Lee's Pharmaceutical Ltd. ( Lee s ),
RegeneRx's licensee in China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan, previously received notice from China's FDA ( CFDA ) declining
its investigational new drug ( IND ) application for a Phase 2b dry eye clinical trial because the API (active pharmaceutical
ingredient or T 4) was manufactured outside of China. The API was manufactured in the U.S. and provided to Lee's by RegeneRx
pursuant to a license agreement to develop RGN-259 ophthalmic eye drops in the licensed territory. However, this year, the CFDA
modified its manufacturing regulations and will now allow Chinese companies to utilize API manufactured outside of China for Phase
1 and 2 clinical trials. We have not been informed of a projected starting date for Phase 2 trials but expect it sometime in mid-2017. 

GtreeBNT, RegeneRx's licensee in Korea,
Australia, Japan and a number of other countries in Asia, filed an IND with the Korean Ministry of Food and Drug Safety to conduct
a Phase 2/3 study with RGN-259 in patients with dry eye syndrome and in July 2015 received approval to conduct the trial. GtreeBNT
has recently informed us that it believes marketing approval in the U.S. will allow expedited marketing in Korea, possibly without
the need for a clinical trial. 

We still have significant clinical assets
to develop, primarily RGN-352 (injectable formulation of T 4 for cardiac and CNS disorders) in the U.S., Pan Asia, and Europe,
and RGN-259 in the EU. Regarding the EU, our goal is to wait until the results are obtained from the current ophthalmic clinical
trials before licensing or developing RGN-259 in that territory. If successful, this should allow us to obtain a higher value for
the asset at that time. However, we intend to continue to develop RGN-352, either by obtaining grants to fund a Phase 2a clinical
trial in the cardiovascular or central nervous system fields or finding a suitable partner with the resources and capabilities
to develop it as we have with RGN-259. 

7   

We anticipate incurring additional losses
in the future as we continue to explore the potential clinical benefits of T 4-based product candidates over multiple indications.
We have entered into a series of strategic partnerships under licensing and joint venture agreements where our partners are responsible
for advancing development of our product candidates with multiple clinical trials started in 2015 and an additional Phase 3 trial
that began in Q3 2016. We will need additional funds to continue operations during the fourth quarter of 2017 as well as substantial
additional funds in order to significantly advance development of our unlicensed programs. Accordingly, we will continue to evaluate
opportunities to raise additional capital by exploring various alternatives, including, without limitation, a public or private
placement of our securities, debt financing, corporate collaboration and licensing arrangements, or the sale of our company or
certain of our intellectual property rights. 

These factors raise substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue
as a going concern. This basis of accounting contemplates the recovery of our assets and the satisfaction of our liabilities in
the normal course of business. 

Although we intend to continue to seek
additional financing or additional strategic partners, we may not be able to complete a financing or corporate transaction, either
on favorable terms or at all. If we are unable to complete a financing or strategic transaction, we may not be able to continue
as a going concern after our funds have been exhausted, and we could be required to significantly curtail or cease operations,
file for bankruptcy or liquidate and dissolve. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain any sources of funding.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts
and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be forced to take any such actions. 

In addition to our current operational
requirements, we continually refine our operating strategy and evaluate alternative clinical uses of T 4. However, substantial
additional resources will be needed before we will be able to achieve sustained profitability. Consequently, we continually evaluate
alternative sources of financing such as the sharing of development costs through strategic collaboration agreements. There can
be no assurance that our financing efforts will be successful and, if we are not able to obtain sufficient levels of financing,
we would delay certain clinical and/or research activities and our financial condition would be materially and adversely affected.
Even if we are able to obtain sufficient funding, other factors including competition, dependence on third parties, uncertainty
regarding patents, protection of proprietary rights, manufacturing of peptides, and technology obsolescence could have a significant
impact on us and our operations. 

To achieve profitability, we, and/or a
partner, must successfully conduct pre-clinical studies and clinical trials, obtain required regulatory approvals and successfully
manufacture and market those pharmaceuticals we wish to commercialize. The time required to reach profitability is highly uncertain,
and there can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve sustained profitability, if at all. 

Basis of Presentation.  

The accompanying unaudited interim financial
statements reflect, in the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring adjustments) necessary for
a fair presentation of our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for each period presented. These statements
have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ) and with the rules
and regulations of the SEC, for interim financial statements. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes
required by U.S. GAAP. The accounting policies underlying our unaudited interim financial statements are consistent with those
underlying our audited annual financial statements. These unaudited interim financial statements should be read in conjunction
with the audited annual financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015, and related notes thereto, included
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (the  Annual Report ). 

The accompanying December 31, 2015 financial
information was derived from our audited financial statements included in the Annual Report. Operating results for the three and
nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the year ending December
31, 2016 or any other future period. 

8   

References in this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q to  authoritative guidance  are to the Accounting Standards Codification issued by the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ). 

Use of Estimates.   

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial
statements and accompanying notes. Critical accounting policies involved in applying our accounting policies are those that require
management to make assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate was made and those for
which different estimates reasonably could have been used for the current period. Critical accounting estimates are also those
which are reasonably likely to change from period to period, and would have a material impact on the presentation of our financial
condition, changes in financial condition or results of operations. Our most critical accounting estimates relate to accounting
policies for fair value measurements in connection with derivative liabilities, clinical trial accruals and share-based arrangements.
Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that it believes are reasonable under
the circumstances. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Convertible
Notes with Detachable Warrants.  

In accordance with Accounting Standards
Codification ( ASC ) 470-20,  Debt with Conversion and Other Options , the proceeds received from convertible
notes are allocated between the convertible notes and the detachable warrants based on the relative fair value of the convertible
notes without the warrants and the relative fair value of the warrants. The portion of the proceeds allocated to the warrants is
recognized as additional paid-in capital and a debt discount. The debt discount related to warrants is accreted into interest expense
through maturity of the notes. 

Derivative Financial Instruments.  

Derivative financial instruments consist
of financial instruments or other contracts that contain a notional amount and one or more underlying variables (e.g., interest
rate, security price or other variable), which require no initial net investment and permit net settlement. Derivative financial
instruments may be free-standing or embedded in other financial instruments. Further, derivative financial instruments are initially,
and subsequently, measured at fair value and recorded as liabilities or, in rare instances, assets. 

We do not use derivative financial instruments
to hedge exposures to cash-flow, market or foreign-currency risks. However, hawse have issued financial instruments including warrants
that are either (i) not afforded equity classification, (ii) embody risks not clearly and closely related to host contracts, or
(iii) may be net-cash settled by the counterparty. In certain instances, these instruments are required to be carried as derivative
liabilities, at fair value, in our financial statements. In other instances these instruments are classified as equity instruments
in our financial statements. 

The fair value of derivatives is estimated
using either the Black-Scholes option pricing model or a Monte Carlo simulation model depending on facts pertaining to the derivative
liability. Both option pricing models utilize a series of inputs and assumptions to arrive at a fair value at the date of inception
and each reporting period. Some of the key assumptions include the likelihood of future financing, stock price volatility and discount
rates. Estimating fair values of derivative financial instruments requires the development of significant and subjective estimates
that may, and are likely to, change over the duration of the instrument with related changes in internal and external market factors.
In addition, option-based techniques are highly volatile and sensitive to changes in the trading market price of our common stock,
which has a high-historical volatility. Since derivative financial instruments are initially and subsequently carried at fair values,
our operating results reflect the volatility in these estimates and assumption changes in each reporting period. 

9   

Revenue
Recognition.  

We recognize revenue in accordance with
the authoritative guidance for revenue recognition. We recognize revenue when all of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive
evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) delivery (or passage of title) has occurred or services have been rendered, (iii) the seller's
price to the buyer is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured. We also comply with the authoritative
guidance for revenue recognition regarding arrangements with multiple deliverables. Multiple-element arrangements are analyzed
to determine whether the deliverables, which may include a license together with performance obligations such as providing a clinical
supply of product and steering committee services, can be separated or whether they must be accounted for as a single unit of accounting.
Revenue associated with licensing agreements consists of non-refundable upfront license fees and milestone payments. Non-refundable
upfront license fees received under license agreements, whereby continued performance or future obligations are considered inconsequential
to the relevant license technology, are recognized as revenue upon delivery of the technology. 

Whenever we determine that an arrangement
should be accounted for as a single unit of accounting, we must determine the period over which the performance obligations will
be performed and revenue will be recognized. Revenue will be recognized using either a relative performance or straight-line method.
We recognize revenue using the relative performance method provided that the we can reasonably estimate the level of effort required
to complete our performance obligations under an arrangement and such performance obligations are provided on a best-efforts basis.
Revenue recognized is limited to the lesser of the cumulative amount of payments received or the cumulative amount of revenue earned,
as determined using the relative performance method, as of each reporting period. 

If we cannot reasonably estimate the level
of effort required to complete our performance obligations under an arrangement, the performance obligations are provided on a
best-efforts basis and we can reasonably estimate when the performance obligation ceases or the remaining obligations become inconsequential
and perfunctory, then the total payments under the arrangement, excluding royalties and payments contingent upon achievement of
substantive milestones, would be recognized as revenue on a straight-line basis over the period we expect to complete our performance
obligations. Revenue is limited to the lesser of the cumulative amount of payments received or the cumulative amount of revenue
earned, as determined using the straight-line basis, as of the period ending date. 

If we cannot reasonably estimate when our
performance obligation either ceases or becomes inconsequential and perfunctory, then revenue is deferred until we can reasonably
estimate when the performance obligation ceases or becomes inconsequential. Revenue is then recognized over the remaining estimated
period of performance. 

We recognize consideration that is contingent
upon the achievement of a milestone in its entirety as revenue in the period in which the milestone is achieved only if the milestone
is substantive in its entirety. A milestone is considered substantive when it meets all of the following criteria: 

The consideration is commensurate with either the entity's performance to achieve the milestone
or the enhancement of the value of the delivered item(s) as a result of a specific outcome resulting from the entity's performance
to achieve the milestone;   

The consideration relates solely to past performance; and   

The consideration is reasonable relative to all of the deliverables
and payment terms within the arrangement .   

A milestone is defined as an event (i)
that can only be achieved based in whole or in part on either the entity's performance or on the occurrence of a specific outcome
resulting from the entity's performance, (ii) for which there is substantive uncertainty at the date the arrangement is entered
into that the event will be achieved and (iii) that would result in additional payments being due to us. 

10   

Amounts received prior to satisfying the
above revenue recognition criteria are recorded as deferred revenue in our accompanying condensed balance sheets. 

Variable Interest Entities.  

We have determined that the Joint Venture
is a  variable interest entity , since the total equity investment at risk is not sufficient to permit the Joint Venture
to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support. Further, because of GtreeBNT s majority equity
stake in the Joint Venture, voting control, control of the board of directors, and substantive management rights, and given that
we do not have the power to direct the Joint Venture s activities that most significantly impact its economic performance,
we have determined that it is not the primary beneficiary of the Joint Venture and, therefore, is not required to consolidate the
Joint Venture. We report our equity stake in the Joint Venture using the equity method of accounting because, while it does not
control the Joint Venture, we can exert significant influence over the Joint Venture s activities by virtue of its board
representation. 

Because we are not obligated to fund the
Joint Venture, and has not provided any financial support and has no commitment to provide financial support in the future to the
Joint Venture, the carrying value of its investment in the Joint Venture is zero. As a result, we are not recognizing our share
(49%) of the Joint Venture s operating losses and will not recognize any such losses until the Joint Venture produces net
income (as opposed to net losses) and at that point we will reduce its share of the Joint Venture s net income by its share
of previously suspended net losses. As of September 30, 2016, because it has not provided any financial support, we have has no
financial exposure as a result of its variable interest in the Joint Venture. 

Research and Development . 

Research and development ( R D )
costs are expensed as incurred and include all of the wholly-allocable costs associated with our various clinical programs passed
through to us by our outsourced vendors. Those costs include: manufacturing T  formulation of T 4 into the various
product candidates; stability for both T 4 and the various formulations; pre-clinical toxicology; safety and pharmacokinetic
studies; clinical trial management; medical oversight; laboratory evaluations; statistical data analysis; regulatory compliance;
quality assurance; and other related activities. R D includes cash and non-cash compensation, payroll taxes, travel and other
miscellaneous costs of our internal R D personnel, part-time hourly employees and external consultants dedicated to R D
efforts. R D also includes an allocation of our common infrastructure costs for office space and communications. 

Cost of Preclinical Studies and Clinical
Trials . 

We accrue estimated costs for preclinical
studies based on estimates of work performed. We estimate expenses incurred for clinical trials that are in process based on patient
enrollment and based on clinical data collection and management. Costs based on clinical data collection and management are recognized
based on estimates of unbilled goods and services received in the reporting period. We monitor the progress of the trials and their
related activities and adjust the accruals accordingly. Adjustments to accruals are charged to expense in the period in which the
facts that give rise to the adjustments become known. In the event of early termination of a clinical trial, we would accrue an
amount based on estimates of the remaining non-cancelable obligations associated with winding down the clinical trial. 

11   

Recent Accounting Pronouncements.  

In August
2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update ( ASU ) 2014-15,    Presentation
of Financial Statements   Going Concern . The new standard requires management to evaluate on a regular basis whether
any conditions or events have arisen that could raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going
concern. The guidance 1) provides a definition for the term  substantial doubt,  2) requires an evaluation every reporting
period, interim periods included, 3) provides principles for considering the mitigating effect of management s plans to alleviate
the substantial doubt, 4) requires certain disclosures if the substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of management s
plans, 5) requires an express statement, as well as other disclosures, if the substantial doubt is not alleviated, and 6) requires
an assessment period of one year from the date the financial statements are issued.  The standard is effective for reporting
year ending December 31, 2016 and early adoption is not permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact, if any, that this new
accounting pronouncement will have on its financial statements.  

In
May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers,  which provides guidance for
revenue recognition for contracts, superseding the previous revenue recognition requirements, along with most existing industry-specific
guidance. The guidance requires an entity to review contracts in five steps: 1) identify the contract, 2) identify performance
obligations, 3) determine the transaction price, 4) allocate the transaction price, and 5) recognize revenue. The new standard
will result in enhanced disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue arising from contracts with
customers. In July 2015, the FASB delayed the effective date of this standard by one year. The new standard will be effective
for the Company s reporting year beginning on January 1, 2018, and early adoption of the standard as of January 1, 2017
is permitted. In March 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard update to clarify the implementation guidance on principal
versus agent considerations.  In April 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard update to clarify the identification of
performance obligations and the licensing implementation guidance, while retaining the related principles for those areas. 
In May 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard update to clarify guidance in certain areas and add some practical expedients
to the guidance.  The amendments in these 2016 updates do not change the core principle of the previously issued guidance
in May 2014. We are currently evaluating the impact, if any, that this new accounting pronouncement will have on its financial
statements . 

In November 2015, the FASB issued new guidance
on the balance sheet classification of deferred taxes. To simplify presentation, the new guidance requires that all deferred tax
assets and liabilities, along with any related valuation allowance, be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. The
accounting standard is effective for public business entities for annual reporting periods (including interim reporting periods
within those periods) beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this guidance did not have
an impact on our financial statements. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,
 Financial Instruments-Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities . The accounting standard
primarily affects the accounting for equity investments, financial liabilities under the fair value option, and the presentation
and disclosure requirements for financial instruments.  In addition, it includes a clarification related to the valuation
allowance assessment when recognizing deferred tax assets resulting from unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities.
The accounting guidance is effective for annual reporting periods (including interim periods within those periods) beginning after
December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted for the provision to record fair value changes for financial liabilities under the
fair value option resulting from instrument-specific credit risk in other comprehensive income. We are currently evaluating the
impact, if any, that the pronouncement will have on its financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
 Leases , which supersedes ASC Topic 840,  Leases , and creates a new topic, ASC Topic 842,  Leases . ASU 2016-02
requires lessees to recognize a lease liability and a lease asset for all leases, including operating leases, with a term greater
than 12 months on its balance sheet. ASU 2016-02 also expands the required quantitative and qualitative disclosures surrounding
leases. ASU 2016-02 is effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2019. Early adoption is permitted. We have determined that
the adoption of ASU 2016-02 will currently have no significant impact on its financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-07,
 Equity Method and Joint Ventures,  which affects all entities that have an investment that becomes qualified for the equity
method of accounting as a result of an increase in the level of ownership or degree of influence.   ASU 2016-07 is effective
for us beginning on January 1, 2017, early adoption is permitted.  We are currently evaluating the effect this ASU will have
on its financial statements. 

12   

In
March 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard update which simplified several aspects of the accounting for employee
share-based payment transactions, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements,
as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after
December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those annual reporting periods. We are currently evaluating the effect
that the adoption of this ASU will have on its financial statements . 

2.    Net Income
(loss) per Common Share   

Basic net income (loss) per common share
for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, is based on the weighted-average number of
shares of common stock outstanding during the periods. Diluted income (loss) per share is based on the weighted-average number
of shares of common stock outstanding during each period in which a loss is incurred. In periods where there is net income, diluted
income per share is based on the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding plus dilutive securities with a
purchase or conversion price below the per share price of our common stock on the last day of the reporting period. The potentially
dilutive securities include 27,103,956 shares and 22,556,951 shares in 2016 and 2015, respectively, reserved for the conversion
of convertible debt or exercise of outstanding options and warrants. For the three month period ended September 30, 2016, 20,702,657
dilutive securities related to convertible debt, options and warrants were included in the diluted earnings per share calculation. 

3.    Stock-Based
Compensation   

We measure stock-based compensation expense
based on the grant date fair value of the awards, which is then recognized over the period which service is required to be provided.
We estimate the value of our stock option awards on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and amortize
that cost over the expected term of the grant. We recognized $66,358 and $45,209 in stock-based compensation expense for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and $289,220 and $183,207 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
We expect to recognize the compensation cost related to non-vested options as of September 30, 2016 of $464,760 over the weighted
average remaining recognition period of 1.1 years. 

We used the following forward-looking range
of assumptions to value the 940,000 stock options granted to employees, consultants and directors during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and the 1,635,000 stock options granted to employees, consultants and directors during the nine months ended
September 30, 2015: 

4.    Income Taxes   

As of September 30, 2016, there have been
no material changes to our uncertain tax positions disclosures as provided in Note 9 of the Annual Report. The tax returns for
all years in the Company s major tax jurisdictions were not settled as of January 1, 2016; no changes in settled tax years
have occurred through September 30, 2016. Due to the existence of tax attribute carryforwards (which are currently offset by a
full valuation allowance), the Company treats all years  tax positions as unsettled due to the taxing authorities 
ability to modify these attributes. 

13   

5.    Fair Value
Measurements   

The authoritative guidance for fair value
measurements defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit
price) in the principal or the most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
on the measurement date. Market participants are buyers and sellers in the principal market that are (i) independent, (ii) knowledgeable,
(iii) able to transact, and (iv) willing to transact. The guidance describes a fair value hierarchy based on the levels of inputs,
of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable, that may be used to measure fair value which are the
following: 

Level 1   Quoted prices in
active markets for identical assets and liabilities. 

Level 2   Observable inputs
other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities. 

Level 3   Unobservable inputs. 

As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, our
only qualifying assets that required measurement under the foregoing fair value hierarchy were money market funds included in Cash
and Cash Equivalents valued at $1,061,000 and $660,000, respectively, using Level 1 inputs. Our September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015 balance sheets reflect qualifying liabilities resulting from the price protection provision in the convertible promissory
notes issued in March, July and September of 2013 and January 2014 (see Note 6). Our September 30, 2016 balance sheet also reflects
qualifying liabilities related to the issuance of common stock and warrants in our 2016 Offering. Certain price protection anti-dilution
features of the Securities Purchase Agreement and Warrants were determined to be embedded derivatives.  An
independent valuation expert calculated the fair value of the embedded derivatives using a complex, customized Monte Carlo simulation
model suitable to value path dependent American options.   We evaluated the derivative liability embedded in the series of
convertible notes to determine if an adjustment to the carrying value of the liability was required at September 30, 2016 using
the following assumptions. 

Given the conditions surrounding the trading
of the Company s equity securities, the Company values its derivative instruments related to embedded conversion features
from the issuance of convertible debentures in accordance with the Level 3 guidelines.  For the 3 month period ended
September 30, 2016, the following table reconciles the beginning and ending balances for financial instruments that are recognized
at fair value in these financial statements. 

14   

6.     Convertible
Notes   

2012 Convertible
Note  

On October 19, 2012 we
completed a private placement of convertible notes (the  2012 Notes ) raising an aggregate of $300,000 in gross proceeds.
The 2012 Notes were originally to mature after twenty-four (24) months from issuance. In order to conserve the Company s
capital, in October 2014 the Investors agreed to extend the maturity date to October 19, 2017, all other terms were unchanged.
The 2012 Notes bear interest at a rate of five percent (5%) per annum and are convertible into shares of our common stock at a
conversion price of fifteen cents ($0.15) per share (subject to adjustment as described in the 2012 Notes) at any time prior to
repayment, at the election of the Investors. In the aggregate, the 2012 Notes are convertible into up to 2,000,000 shares of our
common stock excluding interest. 

At any time prior to
maturity of the 2012 Notes, with the consent of the holders of a majority in interest of the 2012 Notes, we may prepay the outstanding
principal amount of the 2012 Notes plus unpaid accrued interest without penalty. Upon the commission of any act of bankruptcy by
the Company, the execution by the Company of a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, the filing by or against the Company
of a petition in bankruptcy or any petition for relief under the federal bankruptcy act or the continuation of such petition without
dismissal for a period of ninety (90) days or more, or the appointment of a receiver or trustee to take possession of the property
or assets of the Company, the outstanding principal and all accrued interest on the 2012 Notes will accelerate and automatically
become immediately due and payable. 

In connection with the
issuance of the 2012 Notes we also issued warrants to each note holder. The warrants are exercisable for an aggregate of 400,000
shares of common stock with an exercise price of fifteen cents ($0.15) per share for a period of five years. The relative fair
value of the warrants issued is $27,097, calculated using the Black-Scholes-Merton valuation model value of $0.07 with an expected
and contractual life of 5 years, an assumed volatility of 74.36%, and a risk-free interest rate of 0.77%. The warrants were recorded
as additional paid-in capital and a discount on the 2012 Notes of $27,097. Non-cash interest expense related to the debt discount
during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 totaled $3,782 and $11,258, respectively. 

The investors, and the
principal amount of their respective 2012 Notes and number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of their respective
warrants, are as set forth below: 

15   

Sinaf S. A. is a direct
wholly-owned subsidiary of Aptafin S.p.A., or Aptafin. Aptafin is owned directly by Paolo Cavazza and members of his family, who
directly and indirectly own 38% of Sigma-Tau, our largest stockholder. The other Investors are members of our Board of Directors
including Mr. Finkelstein who serves as our CEO and also the Chairman of our Board of Directors and Dr. Goldstein who also
serves as our Chief Scientific Advisor. 

In the fourth quarter
of 2014, the Company amended the existing October 2012 convertible debt agreement with the lenders, solely to extend the due date
of the principal and accrued unpaid interest until October 19, 2017.  No other terms of the original debt were amended or
modified, and the lenders did not reduce the borrowed amount or change the interest rate of the debt.  The Company considered
the restructuring a troubled debt restructuring as a result of the Company s financial condition.  At the date of the
amendment, all existing debt discounts and deferred financing fees were fully amortized and the amendment did not involve any additional
fees paid to the lender or third parties; as such there was no gain recognized as a result of the amendment. 

2013 Convertible
Notes  

On March 29, 2013, we
completed a private placement of convertible notes (the  March 2013 Notes ) raising an aggregate of $225,000 in gross
proceeds. The March 2013 Notes bear interest at a rate of five percent (5%) per annum, mature sixty (60) months after their date
of issuance and are convertible into shares of our common stock at a conversion price of six cents ($0.06) per share (subject to
adjustment as described in the March 2013 Notes) at any time prior to repayment, at the election of the investor. In the aggregate,
the March 2013 Notes are initially convertible into up to 3,750,000 shares of our common stock. 

At any time prior to
maturity of the March 2013 Notes, with the consent of the holders of a majority in interest of the March 2013 Notes, we may prepay
the outstanding principal amount of the March 2013 Notes plus unpaid accrued interest without penalty. Upon the commission of any
act of bankruptcy by the Company, the execution by the Company of a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, the filing
by or against the Company of a petition in bankruptcy or any petition for relief under the Federal bankruptcy act or the continuation
of such petition without dismissal for a period of ninety (90) days or more, or the appointment of a receiver or trustee to take
possession of the property or assets of the Company, the outstanding principal and all accrued interest on the March 2013 Notes
will accelerate and automatically become immediately due and payable. 

The investors in the
offering included two directors of the Company, Dr. Goldstein and Joseph C. McNay, an outside director. The principal amounts of
their respective March 2013 Notes are as set forth below: 

The Company has evaluated
the terms of the March 2013 Notes which contain a down round provision under which the conversion price could be decreased as a
result of future equity offerings, as defined in the March 2013 Notes.  The adjustment would reduce the conversion price
of the March 2013 Notes to be equivalent to that of the newly issued stock or stock-related instruments.  As a result,
the Company concluded that the conversion feature represented an embedded conversion feature for accounting purposes and should
be recognized as a derivative liability, requiring a mark-to-market adjustment at the end of each reporting period until the related
March 2013 Notes have been settled. The bifurcated liability of $225,000 was recorded on the date of issuance which resulted
in a residual debt value of $0.  The discount related to the embedded feature will be accreted back to debt through the maturity
of the March 2013 Notes. 

16   

On July 5, 2013, we completed
a private placement of convertible notes (the  July 2013 Notes ) raising an aggregate of $100,000 in gross proceeds.
The July 2013 Notes bear interest at a rate of five percent (5%) per annum, mature sixty (60) months after their date of issuance
and are convertible into shares of our common stock at a conversion price of six cents ($0.06) per share (subject to adjustment
as described in the July 2013 Notes) at any time prior to repayment, at the election of the investor. In the aggregate, the July
2013 Notes are initially convertible into up to 1,666,667 shares of our common stock. 

At any time prior to
maturity of the July 2013 Notes, with the consent of the holders of a majority in interest of the July 2013 Notes, we may prepay
the outstanding principal amount of the July 2013 Notes plus unpaid accrued interest without penalty. Upon the commission of any
act of bankruptcy by the Company, the execution by the Company of a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, the filing
by or against the Company of a petition in bankruptcy or any petition for relief under the Federal bankruptcy act or the continuation
of such petition without dismissal for a period of ninety (90) days or more, or the appointment of a receiver or trustee to take
possession of the property or assets of the Company, the outstanding principal and all accrued interest on the July 2013 Notes
will accelerate and automatically become immediately due and payable. 

The investors in the
offering included four directors of the Company, Mr. Finkelstein, Dr. Goldstein, Mr. McNay and L. Thompson Bowles, an outside director.
The principal amounts of their respective July 2013 Notes are as set forth below: 

The Company has evaluated
the terms of the July 2013 Notes which contain a down round provision under which the conversion price could be decreased as a
result of future equity offerings, as defined in the July 2013 Notes.  The adjustment would reduce the conversion price
of the July 2013 Notes to be equivalent to that of the newly issued stock or stock-related instruments.  As a result,
the Company concluded that the conversion feature represented an embedded conversion feature for accounting purposes and should
be recognized as a derivative liability, requiring a mark-to-market adjustment at the end of each reporting period until the related
July 2013 Notes have been settled.  The bifurcated liability of $66,667 was recorded on the date of issuance which resulted
in a residual debt value of $33,333. The discount related to the embedded feature will be accreted back to debt through the maturity
of the notes. 

On September 11, 2013,
we completed a private placement of convertible notes raising an aggregate of $321,000 in gross proceeds (the  September
2013 Notes ).  The September 2013 Notes bear interest at a rate of five percent (5%) per annum, mature sixty (60)
months after their date of issuance and are convertible into shares of our common stock at a conversion price of six cents ($0.06)
per share (subject to adjustment as described in the September 2013 Notes) at any time prior to repayment, at the election of the
investor.  In the aggregate, the September 2013 Notes are initially convertible into up to 5,350,000 shares of our common
stock.   

At any time prior to
maturity of the September 2013 Notes, with the consent of the holders of a majority in interest of the September 2013 Notes, we
may prepay the outstanding principal amount of the September 2013 Notes plus unpaid accrued interest without penalty.  Upon
the commission of any act of bankruptcy by the Company, the execution by the Company of a general assignment for the benefit of
creditors, the filing by or against the Company of a petition in bankruptcy or any petition for relief under the federal bankruptcy
act or the continuation of such petition without dismissal for a period of ninety (90) days or more, or the appointment of a receiver
or trustee to take possession of the property or assets of the Company, the outstanding principal and all accrued interest on the
September 2013 Notes will accelerate and automatically become immediately due and payable. 

17   

The investors in the
offering included an affiliate and four directors of the Company. The principal amounts of the affiliate and directors respective
September 2013 Notes are as set forth below: 

The Company has evaluated
the terms of the September 2013 Notes which contain a down round provision under which the conversion price could be decreased
as a result of future equity offerings, as defined in the September 2013 Notes.  The adjustment would reduce the conversion
price of the September 2013 Notes to be equivalent to that of the newly issued stock or stock-related instruments.  As
a result, the Company concluded that the conversion feature represented an embedded conversion feature for accounting purposes
and should be recognized as a derivative liability, requiring a mark-to-market adjustment at the end of each reporting period until
the related September 2013 Notes have been settled.  The bifurcated liability of $267,500 was recorded on the date of
issuance which resulted in a residual debt value of $53,500. The discount related to the embedded feature will be accreted back
to debt through the maturity of the September 2013 Notes. 

2014 Convertible
Notes  

On January 7, 2014, we
completed a private placement of convertible notes raising an aggregate of $55,000 in gross proceeds (the  January 2014 Notes ).  
The January 2014 Notes will pay interest at a rate of 5% per annum, mature 60 months after their date of issuance and are convertible
into shares of our common stock at a conversion price of $0.06 per share (subject to adjustment as described in the January 2014
Notes) at any time prior to repayment, at the election of the investor.  In the aggregate, the Notes are initially convertible
into up to 916,667 shares of our common stock.   

At any time prior to
maturity of the January 2014 Notes, with the consent of the holders of a majority in interest of the January 2014 Notes, we may
prepay the outstanding principal amount of the January 2014 Notes plus unpaid accrued interest without penalty.  Upon
the commission of any act of bankruptcy by the Company, the execution by the Company of a general assignment for the benefit of
creditors, the filing by or against the Company of a petition in bankruptcy or any petition for relief under the federal bankruptcy
act or the continuation of such petition without dismissal for a period of 90 days or more, or the appointment of a receiver or
trustee to take possession of the property or assets of the Company, the outstanding principal and all accrued interest on the
January 2014 Notes will accelerate and automatically become immediately due and payable. 

The investors in the
offering included three directors of the Company. The principal amounts of their respective Notes are as set forth below: 

The Company has evaluated
the terms of the January 2014 Notes which contain a down round provision under which the conversion price could be decreased as
a result of future equity offerings, as defined in the January 2014 Notes.  The adjustment would reduce the conversion
price of the January 2014 Notes to be equivalent to that of the newly issued stock or stock-related instruments.  As
a result, the Company concluded that the conversion feature represented an embedded conversion feature for accounting purposes
and should be recognized as a derivative liability, requiring a mark-to-market adjustment at the end of each reporting period until
the related January 2014 Notes have been settled.  The bifurcated liability of $55,000 was recorded on the date of issuance
which resulted in a residual debt value of $0. The discount related to the embedded feature will be accreted back to debt through
the maturity of the January 2014 Notes. 

18   

The Company recorded
interest expense and discount accretion as set forth below: 

The fair value of the
derivative liability is as follows: 

19   

The change in fair value
of derivative liability is as follows: 

7.     License agreement   

Joint Venture Agreement
with GtreeBNT  

On January 28, 2015, the Company entered
into the Joint Venture Agreement with GtreeBNT, a shareholder in the Company. The Joint Venture Agreement provides for the creation
of the Joint Venture, jointly owned by the Company and GtreeBNT, which is commercializing RGN-259 for treatment of dry eye and
neurotrophic keratopathy in the United States and Canada. 

GtreeBNT is solely responsible for funding
all the product development and commercialization efforts of the Joint Venture. GtreeBNT made an initial contribution of $3 million
in cash and received an initial equity stake of 51%. RegeneRx s ownership interest in ReGenTree was reduced to 42% when the
Clinical Study Report was filed for the Phase 2/3 dry eye clinical trial. Based on when, and if, certain additional development
milestones are achieved in the U.S. with RGN-259, our equity ownership may be incrementally reduced to between 42% and 25%, with
25% being the final equity ownership upon approval of an NDA for DES in the U.S. In addition to our equity ownership, RegeneRx
retains a royalty on net sales that varies between single and low double digits, depending on whether commercial sales are made
by ReGenTree or a licensee. In the event ReGenTree is acquired or there is a change of control that occurs following achievement
of an NDA, RegeneRx shall be entitled to a minimum of 40% of all proceeds paid or payable and will forgo any future royalties.
The Company is not required or otherwise obligated to provide financial support to the Joint Venture. 

The Joint Venture is responsible for executing
all development and commercialization activities under the License Agreement, which activities will be directed by a joint development
committee comprised of representatives of the Company and GtreeBNT. The License Agreement has a term that extends to the later
of the expiration of the last patent covered by the License Agreement or 25 years from the first commercial sale under the License
Agreement. The License Agreement may be earlier terminated if the Joint Venture fails to meet certain commercialization milestones,
if either party breaches the License Agreement and fails to cure such breach, as a result of government action that limits the
ability of the Joint Venture to commercialize the product, as a result of a challenge to a licensed patent, following termination
of the license between the Company and certain agencies of the United States federal government, or upon the bankruptcy of either
party. 

20   

Under the License Agreement, the Company
received $1.0 million in up-front payments and is entitled to receive royalties on the Joint Venture s future sales of products.
On April 6, 2016, we received $250,000 from ReGenTree and executed an amendment to the license agreement on April 28, 2016. Under
the amendment the territorial rights were expanded to include Canada. The Company is accounting for the License Agreement with
the Joint Venture as a revenue arrangement. The Company has determined that the deliverables within the License Agreement, including
a delivered element (providing the license) and an undelivered element (participation on the joint development committee), do not
have stand-alone value and, as such, are treated as a single unit of accounting. As a result, the Company is recognizing the up-front
milestone payments as revenue ratably over the anticipated life of the joint development committee, or 25 years. The joint development
committee commenced activities as of April 1, 2015 therefore the Company has begun recognizing the revenue for the license fee.
Revenue will be recognized for future royalty payments as they are earned. 

On June 27, 2016, we entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement with Sabby ( SPA ) pursuant to which we agreed to sell, and the purchasers agreed to purchase, an
aggregate of 5,147,059 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 5,147,059 shares of common stock, which we refer to as the
2016 Offering, and in conjunction with the closing of such transaction we issued warrants to purchase 257,353 shares of common
stock to our placement agent. 

The SPA contains customary representations,
warranties and covenants by the Company and the purchasers. In addition, the SPA provides that each purchaser has a right, subject
to certain exceptions described in the agreement, to participate in future issuances of equity and debt securities by us for a
period of 12 months following the effective date of this registration statement, and certain price protections that provide for
the grant of additional shares of common stock if we sell shares for less than $0.34 per share (the purchase price in the 2016
Offering) during such 12-month period. Moreover, we agreed, subject to certain exceptions, not to sell or announce the sale of
our securities for five months from the effective date of this registration statement. 

The Company evaluated various features
of the SPA and Warrant Agreements issued in the offering. The SPA includes certain embedded features that have to be evaluated
under the guidance in ASC 815,  Derivatives and Hedging,  including a  right  to receive additional shares of
common shares for no further consideration, and is a form of non-standard  down-round  anti-dilution protection. The
 right  was determined to be a  stand alone  derivative and also is considered an  embedded derivative ,
the  right  was required to be bifurcated from the host instrument and accounted for as a mark-to-market derivative
liability until it lapses. 

The investor warrants contain  non-standard 
adjustments (down-round anti-dilution protection) for 12 months following issuance. The Company determined that the warrants contain
certain embedded features that have to be evaluated under the guidance in ASC 815 and determined that they are also  embedded
derivatives  that require bifurcation and are to be accounted for as a mark-to-market derivative liability until it lapses. 

In connection with the offering, the Company
incurred approximately $230,000 of direct and incremental issuance costs. The portion of these costs allocated to liability-classified
derivative financial instruments, approximately $214,000, was expensed in the quarter ended June 30, 2016 and is reflected under
General and administrative expense in the accompanying statements of operations. The remainder of the costs was allocated to the
equity-classified common stock and recognized as a direct charge to additional paid in capital. 

The Company has concluded the following
accounting treatment for the various instruments and embedded features: 

Common stock   equity classified    

Placement agent warrants   equity
classified    

21   

Investor warrants   derivative liability    

Right - derivative liability    

The Company allocated
the total proceeds from the 2016 Offering as follows: 

An
independent valuation expert calculated the fair value of the embedded derivatives using a complex, customized Monte Carlo simulation
model suitable to value path dependent American options. The model uses the risk neutral methodology adapted to value corporate
securities. This model utilized subjective and theoretical assumptions that can materially affect fair values from period to period.  

ITEM 2.    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q,
including this Part I., Item 2.,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, 
contains forward-looking statements regarding us and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects within
the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the words
 project,   believe,   anticipate,   plan,   expect,   estimate, 
 intend,   should,   would,   could,   will,   may  or
other similar expressions.      In addition, any statements that refer to projections of our future financial performance,
our clinical development programs and schedules, our future capital resources and funding requirements, our expectations regarding
future licenses of our technology, our anticipated growth and trends in our business and other characterizations of future events
or circumstances are forward-looking statements. We cannot guarantee that we will achieve the plans, intentions or expectations
expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements.  There are a number of important factors that could cause actual results,
levels of activity, performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements
we make, including those described under  Risk Factors  set forth below in Part II., Item 1A. In addition, any forward-looking
statements we make in this document speak only as of the date of this report, and we do not intend to update any such forward-looking
statements to reflect events or circumstances that occur after that date.  

Business Overview   

We are a biopharmaceutical company focused
on the development of a novel therapeutic peptide, Thymosin beta 4, or T 4, for tissue and organ protection, repair, and
regeneration. We have formulated T 4 into three distinct product candidates in clinical development: 

RGN-259,
a preservative-free topical eye drop for regeneration of corneal tissues damaged by injury, disease or other pathology   

RGN-352,
an injectable formulation to treat cardiovascular diseases, central and peripheral nervous system diseases, and other medical indications
that may be treated by systemic administration; and  

RGN-137,
a topical gel for dermal wounds and reduction of scar tissue.  

We are continuing strategic partnership
discussions with biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies regarding the further clinical development of all of our product candidates. 

22   

In addition to our three pharmaceutical
product candidates, we are also evaluating the potential use of peptide fragments and derivatives of T 4 for cosmeceutical
and other personal care uses. These fragments are select amino acid sequences, and variations thereof, within the T 4 molecule
that have demonstrated activity in several  in vitro  preclinical research studies that we have sponsored. We believe the
biological activities of these fragments may be useful, for example, in developing novel cosmeceutical products for the anti-aging
market. Our strategy is to collaborate with another company to develop cosmeceutical formulations based on these peptides. 

Current Clinical Status   

On January 28, 2015, we announced that
we had entered into a Joint Venture Agreement (the  Joint Venture Agreement ) with GtreeBNT Co., Ltd., a Korean pharmaceutical
company ( GtreeBNT ) and shareholder of the Company. The Joint Venture Agreement provides for the creation of an entity,
ReGenTree, LLC (the  Joint Venture  or  ReGenTree ), jointly owned by us and GtreeBNT, that will commercialize
RGN-259 for treatment of dry eye and neurotrophic keratopathy, an orphan indication in the United States. GtreeBNT will be responsible
for funding all product development and commercialization efforts, and holds a majority interest of ReGenTree that varies depending
on development milestones achieved and eventual commercialization path, if successful. In conjunction with the Joint Venture Agreement,
we also entered into a royalty-bearing license agreement (the  License Agreement ) with ReGenTree pursuant to which
we granted to ReGenTree the right to develop and exclusively commercialize RGN-259 in the United States. We received a total of
$1 million in two tranches under the terms of the License Agreement. The first tranche of $500,000 was received in March 2015 and
a second in the amount of $500,000, was received in September 2015. On April 6, 2016, we received $250,000 from ReGenTree and executed
an amendment to the license agreement on April 28, 2016. Under the amendment, the territorial rights were expanded to include Canada.
We are also entitled to royalties as a percentage of net sales ranging from the single digits to the low-double digits based on
the medical indications approved and whether the Joint Venture commercializes products directly or through a third party. RegeneRx
possesses one of three board seats of ReGenTree and certain major decisions and transactions within ReGenTree, such as commercialization
strategy, mergers, and acquisitions, require RegeneRx s board designee s consent. 

Our initial ownership interest in ReGenTree
was 49% and has been reduced to 42% after filing of the final clinical study report with the FDA for the Phase 2/3 trial for Dry
Eye Syndrome completed earlier in 2016. Based on when, and if, ReGenTree achieves certain additional development milestones in
the U.S. with RGN-259, our equity ownership may be incrementally reduced to between 42% and 25%, with 25% being the final equity
ownership upon FDA approval of an NDA for Dry Eye Syndrome in the U.S. In addition to our equity ownership, RegeneRx retains a
royalty on net sales that varies between single and low double digits, depending on whether commercial sales are made by ReGenTree
or a licensee. In the event ReGenTree is acquired, or a change of control occurs following achievement of an NDA, RegeneRx shall
be entitled to a minimum of 40% of all proceeds paid or payable and will forgo any future royalties. 

In September 2015, ReGenTree began a Phase
2/3 clinical trial in patients with dry eye syndrome ( DES ) and a Phase 3 clinical trial in patients with neurotrophic
keratopathy ( NK ), both in the U.S. In May 2016, we reported the results of the 317-patient Phase 2/3 trial. In the
trial, RGN-259 demonstrated statistically significant improvements in both signs and symptoms of dry eye with 0.05% and 0.1% RGN-259
compared to placebo in a dose dependent manner during a 28-day dosing period. While the primary outcome measures were not met,
several key related pre-specified endpoints and subgroups of patients with more severe dry eye showed statistically significant
treatment effects. These results confirm the findings from the previous Phase 2 trial providing clear direction for the clinical
regulatory pathway and remaining registration trials for RGN-259. 

The NK trial, a smaller study in an orphan
population, has enrolled eleven patients thus far, and has three additional patients being screened, with a goal of forty-six. Of
the eight original clinical sites for the study, six are enrolling patients, one has yet to receive IRB approval to begin enrolling
patients, and one was unable to consummate a clinical contract with ReGenTree. ReGenTree is adding four additional sites and has
retained a specialized recruitment center to accelerate patient enrollment. 

23   

Currently, we have active partnerships
in three major territories: the U.S., China and Pan Asia. Our partners have been moving forward and making progress in each territory.
In each case, the cost of development is being borne by our partners with no financial obligation for RegeneRx. We still have significant
clinical assets to develop, primarily RGN-352 (injectable formulation of T 4 for cardiac and CNS disorders) in the U.S.,
Pan Asia, and Europe, and RGN-259 in the EU. Our goal is to wait until the results are obtained from the current ophthalmic clinical
trials before moving into the EU with RGN-259. If successful, this should allow us to obtain a higher value for the asset at that
time. However, we intend to continue to develop RGN-352, our injectable systemic product candidate for cardiac and central nervous
system indications, either by obtaining grants to fund a Phase 2a clinical trial in the cardiovascular or central nervous system
fields or finding a suitable partner with the resources and capabilities to develop it as we have with RGN-259. 

We anticipate incurring additional operating
losses in the future as we continue to explore the potential clinical benefits of T 4-based product candidates over multiple
indications. To fund further development and clinical trials we have entered into a series of strategic partnerships under licensing
and joint venture agreements (see Note 7) where our partners are responsible for advancing development of our product candidates
with multiple clinical trials. 

We will need additional funds to continue
operations beyond the fourth quarter of 2017 and will require substantial capital if we wish to internally advance development
of our unlicensed programs. Accordingly, we will continue to evaluate opportunities to raise additional capital and are in the
process of exploring various alternatives, including, without limitation, a public or private placement of our securities, debt
financing, corporate collaboration and licensing arrangements, government grants, or the sale of our company or certain of our
intellectual property rights. 

Development of Product Candidates  

RGN-259   

RGN-259 is our proprietary
preservative-free eye drop formulation of Thymosin beta 4. In September 2011, we completed a Phase 2a exploratory clinical trial
evaluating the safety and efficacy of RGN-259 in 72 patients with moderate dry eye syndrome. Patients were randomly assigned to
receive either RGN-259 or placebo in this double-masked, placebo-controlled trial. All patients received either RGN-259 (0.1% concentration)
or placebo, twice daily for 30 days. Various signs and symptoms of dry eye, such as the degree of ocular surface damage, ocular
itching, burning and grittiness, among others, were graded periodically during and following the treatment period. The trial was
conducted by Ora Inc., an ophthalmic contract research organization that specializes in dry eye research and clinical trials, and
utilized Ora s Controlled Adverse Environment (CAE   ) chamber, which is a model that exacerbates and standardizes
signs and symptoms in the dry eye patient. 

In November 2011, we
reported preliminary safety and efficacy results from the trial. RGN-259 was deemed safe and well-tolerated, with no observed drug-related
adverse events. 

The co-primary outcome
measures evaluated in the trial were inferior corneal fluorescein staining and decreased ocular discomfort on day 29, 24 hours
after CAE    challenge. Various secondary outcome efficacy measures were also evaluated in the trial. These outcome
measures were based on the best available animal data at the time but without the benefit of any actual human clinical experience
in dry eye. While the study did not meet statistical significance for reducing inferior corneal fluorescein staining, it did show
a positive trend in this exploratory trial. RGN-259 did, however, show a statistically significant efficacy result in the other
co-primary endpoint of decreased ocular discomfort and also demonstrated statistical significance in several secondary endpoints
such as reduction of central corneal and superior corneal staining, important signs in dry eye patients and approvable endpoints
by the FDA. 

Key outcome measures
were as follows: 

Patients receiving RGN-259 experienced a 325% greater reduction from baseline in central corneal
fluorescein staining compared to placebo at the 24 hour recovery period (p = 0.0075). Reduction of fluorescein staining is indicative
of a reduction in ocular surface damage of the central cornea;   

Patients receiving RGN-259 experienced a 257% greater reduction from baseline in exacerbation of
superior corneal fluorescein staining in the CAE    chamber as compared to the placebo (p = 0.0210); and   

24   

Patients receiving RGN-259 experienced a 27.3% greater reduction in exacerbation of ocular discomfort
at day 28 during a 75-minute challenge in the CAE chamber compared to the placebo group (p = 0.0244). Reduction indicates that
RGN-259 can slow progression of ocular symptoms in patients with dry eye syndrome.   

Other CAE   -related findings, such as peripheral (combination of the average of superior
and inferior) corneal staining reduction, were observed having statistical significance, while others had positive trends after
treatment with RGN-259. These observations are in line with the known biological properties and mechanisms of action of RGN-259
reported in various nonclinical studies.   

With respect to inferior
corneal fluorescein staining, we did see a positive trend toward improvement, at day 28 during exposure to adverse conditions in
the CAE    chamber in patients receiving RGN-259 compared to placebo, although this improvement was not deemed to
be statistically significant (p = 0.0968). 

In June 2012, we reported
preliminary results from a double-masked, vehicle-controlled, physician-sponsored Phase 2 clinical trial evaluating RGN-259 for
the treatment of nine patients (18 eyes) with severe dry eye. RGN-259 was observed to be safe and well-tolerated and met key efficacy
objectives with statistically significant sign and symptom improvements, compared to vehicle control, at various time intervals,
including 28 days post-treatment. 

In the trial, nine patients
with severe dry eye (18 eyes) were treated with RGN-259 or vehicle control six times daily over a period of 28 days. They were
evaluated upon entering the study after a two-week washout period, at weekly intervals during the treatment phase, at the end of
the 28-day treatment period, and at a follow-up visit 28 days after treatment. Statistically significant differences in sign and
symptom assessments, such as ocular discomfort and corneal fluorescein staining, were seen at various time points throughout the
study. Of particular note were the differences between RGN-259 and vehicle control 28 days post-treatment, or the follow-up period.
The RGN-259-treated group had a 35.1% reduction of ocular discomfort (symptom) compared to vehicle control (p = 0.0141), and a
59.1% reduction of total corneal fluorescein staining (sign) compared to vehicle control (p = 0.0108) at 28 days after treatment
showing that the repair was sustained long after treatment cessation. 

Consistent with the reduction
of ocular discomfort and fluorescein staining at the 28-day follow-up visit, other improvements seen in the RGN-259-treated patients
included tear film breakup time and increased tear volume production. Likewise, these improvements were seen at other time points
in the study. These results were recently published in an appropriate medical journal. 

Strategic Partnerships  

Lee s Pharmaceuticals.   In
July 2012, we entered into a License Agreement with Lee s Pharmaceutical (HK) Limited ( Lee s ), headquartered
in Hong Kong, for the license of Thymosin Beta 4 in any pharmaceutical form, including our RGN-259, RGN-352 and RGN-137 product
candidates, in China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan. Lee s previously filed an investigational new drug application IND with
the Chinese FDA to conduct a Phase 2, randomized, double-masked, dose-response clinical trial with RGN-259 in China for dry-eye
syndrome. Lee's subsequently informed us that it received notice from China's FDA (CFDA) declining its investigational new drug
(IND) application for a Phase 2b dry eye clinical trial because the API (active pharmaceutical ingredient or T 4) was manufactured
outside of China. The API was manufactured in the U.S. and provided to Lee's by RegeneRx pursuant to a license agreement to develop
RGN-259 ophthalmic eye drops in the licensed territory. However, this year, we were informed by Lee s that the CFDA modified
its manufacturing regulations and will now allow Chinese companies to utilize API manufactured outside of China for Phase 1 and
2 clinical trials. We have not been informed of a projected starting date for Phase 2 trials but expect it to be sometime in mid-2017. 

25   

GtreeBNT.   In March 2014,
we entered into a License Agreement with GtreeBNT for the license of RGN-259. GtreeBNT licensed certain development and commercialization
rights for RGN-259, in Asia (excluding China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan). GtreeBNT is currently our second largest shareholder.
GtreeBNT filed an IND with the Korean Ministry of Food and Drug Safety to conduct a Phase 2/3 study with RGN-259 in patients with
dry eye syndrome and in July 2015 received approval to conduct the trial. GtreeBNT has recently informed us that it believes marketing
approval in the U.S. will allow expedited marketing in Korea, possibly without the need for a clinical trial. 

U.S. Joint Venture (ReGenTree, LLC).
  On January 28, 2015, we announced that we entered into a Joint Venture Agreement (the  Joint Venture Agreement )
with GtreeBNT. The Joint Venture Agreement provides for the creation of an entity (the  Joint Venture  or  ReGenTree ),
owned by us and GtreeBNT, that will commercialize RGN-259 for treatment of dry eye and neurotrophic keratopathy in the United States.
GtreeBNT is responsible for funding product development and commercialization efforts and holds a majority interest of ReGenTree.
RegeneRx possesses one of three board seats and certain major decisions and transactions within ReGenTree, such as commercialization
strategy, mergers, and acquisitions, require RegeneRx s board designee s consent. In conjunction with the Joint Venture
Agreement, we also entered into a royalty-bearing license agreement (the  License Agreement ) with ReGenTree pursuant
to which we granted to ReGenTree the right to develop and exclusively commercialize RGN-259 in the United States. On April 6, 2016
we received $250,000 from ReGenTree and executed an amendment to the license agreement on April 28, 2016. Under the amendment the
territorial rights were expanded to include Canada. 

Our initial ownership interest in ReGenTree
was 49% and has been reduced to 42% after filing of the final clinical study report with the FDA for the Phase 2/3 trial for Dry
Eye Syndrome completed earlier in 2016. Based on when, and if, ReGenTree achieves certain additional development milestones in
the U.S. with RGN-259, our equity ownership may be incrementally reduced to between 42% and 25%, with 25% being the final equity
ownership upon FDA approval of an NDA for Dry Eye Syndrome in the U.S. In addition to our equity ownership, RegeneRx retains a
royalty on net sales that varies between single and low double digits, depending on whether commercial sales are made by ReGenTree
or a licensee. In the event the ReGenTree entity is acquired or there is a change of control that occurs following achievement
of an NDA, RegeneRx shall be entitled to a minimum of 40% of all proceeds paid or payable and will forgo any future royalties. 

In September 2015, ReGenTree began a multi-centered,
randomized, double-masked Phase 2/3 clinical trial in patients with dry eye syndrome ( DES ) and a multi-centered,
randomized, double-masked Phase 3 clinical trial in patients with neurotrophic keratopathy ( NK ), both in the U.S.
The DES trial has completed full enrollment, treatment and follow-up of all patients. Data from the DES trial was released in early
May. 

The study, which enrolled 317 subjects,
tested two doses of RGN-259 eye drops containing 0.05% and 0.1% concentrations of the T 4 four times daily for 28 days vs.
placebo. On Day 29, following the 28 th  day of dosing, patients were subject to the Controlled Adverse Environment (CAE)
challenge. Co-primary endpoints were total corneal fluorescein staining score change on Day 29 day pre-CAE and post-CAE (sign)
and total ocular discomfort score change on Day 29 pre-CAE and post-CAE (symptom). Although the co-primary endpoints were not met,
we demonstrated RGN-259 s protective efficacy in improving signs and symptoms of dry eye syndrome in specific patient populations,
which is in line with the results observed in the previous Phase 2a trial. Importantly, we identified approvable sign and symptom
endpoints, which were met with statistical significance. RGN-259 was safe and well-tolerated and comfortable for the patients with
no irritation upon instillation. There were no significant drug-related adverse events for both concentrations. The safety profile
is consistent with that observed in the previous Phase 2a trial, which had a twice daily instillation regimen. The FDA approved
ReGenTree s Phase 3 protocol for DES in late summer and we initiated a second Phase 3 trial that has begun enrolling approximately
500 patients 

The NK trial, a smaller study in an orphan
population, has enrolled eleven patients thus far, and has three additional patients being screened, with a goal of forty-six. Of
the eight original clinical sites for the study, six are enrolling patients, one has yet to receive IRB approval to begin enrolling
patients, and one was unable to consummate a clinical contract with ReGenTree. ReGenTree is adding four additional sites and has
retained a specialized recruitment center to accelerate patient enrollment. 

26   

GtreeBNT has developed the CMC (chemistry,
manufacturing and controls) dossier required for Phase 3 clinical trials and commercialization in the U.S. and in Korea. This comprehensive
and critical effort ensures that final drug product manufacturing, packaging, stability, purity, reproducibility, etc., meets regulatory
guidelines and product specifications. The product of this activity is the current product format being utilized in the U.S. trials
being conducted by ReGenTree and will also be utilized in the planned clinical activity to be conducted by GtreeBNT under the RGN-259
license agreement for Pan Asia.      

RGN-352    

During 2009, we completed
a Phase 1a and Phase 1b clinical trial evaluating the safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetics of the intravenous administration
of RGN-352 in 60 healthy subjects (40 in each group, 20 of whom participated in both Phases). Based on the results of these Phase
1 trials and extensive preclinical efficacy data published in peer-reviewed journals, in the second half of 2010, we began start-up
activities for a Phase 2 study to evaluate RGN-352 (T 4 Injectable Solution) in patients who had suffered an AMI. We had
planned to begin enrolling patients in this clinical trial in the second quarter of 2011. However, in March 2011, we were notified
by the FDA that the trial was placed on clinical hold as a result of our contract manufacturer s alleged failure to comply
with the current Good Manufacturing Practice (cGMP) regulations. We have since learned that the manufacturer has closed its manufacturing
facility and filed for bankruptcy protection. The FDA prohibited us from using any of the active drug or placebo formulated by
this manufacturer in human trials; consequently, we must have study drug (RGN-352 and RGN-352 placebo) manufactured by a new cGMP-compliant
manufacturer in the event we seek to move forward with this trial. While we have identified a qualified manufacturer for RGN-352,
we have elected to postpone activities on this trial until the requisite funding or a partner is secured. 

In addition to the potential
application of RGN-352 for the treatment of cardiovascular disease, preclinical research published in the scientific journals  Neuroscience 
and the  Journal of Neurosurgery,  among others, indicates that RGN-352 may also prove useful for patients with multiple sclerosis,
or MS, as well as patients suffering a stroke, traumatic brain injury, peripheral neuropathy, or spinal cord injury. In these preclinical
studies, the administration of T 4 resulted in regeneration of neuronal tissue by promoting remyelination of axons and stimulating
oligodendrogenesis, resulting in improvement of neurological functional activity. In 2012, researchers studying T 4 under
a material transfer agreement (MTA) found that T 4 had beneficial effects in animal models of peripheral neuropathy, one
of the major complications of diabetes. This research was published in the journal of Neurobiology of Disease in 2012 and appears
to corroborate previous findings using T 4 for repair of central nervous system disorders. We are discussing possible partnership
opportunities with companies interested in developing RGN-352 for this indication. 

Based on our Phase 1
data and the preclinical research discussed above, we are evaluating various opportunities for government funding for a Phase 2a
clinical trial to show proof-of-concept in each case while also talking with prospective strategic partners with the interest,
capabilities and resources to further develop product candidate in these fields. 

RGN-137   

Clinical Development  
Epidermolysis Bullosa (EB).    In 2005, we began enrolling patients in a Phase 2 clinical trial designed to assess
the safety and effectiveness of RGN-137 for the treatment of patients with EB. EB is a genetic disease of approximately 10 gene
mutations that results in fragile skin and other epithelial structures (e.g., cornea and GI tract) that can blister spontaneously
or separate at the slightest trauma or friction, creating a wound that at times does not heal or heals poorly. In severe cases,
recurrent blistering and tissue loss may be life threatening. EB has been designated as an  orphan  indication by the
FDA s Office of Orphan Drugs. A portion of this trial was funded by a grant of $681,000 received from the FDA. In this randomized,
double-blind, placebo-controlled, dose-response trial, nine U.S. clinical sites evaluated the safety, tolerability, and wound healing
effectiveness of three different concentrations of RGN-137 compared to placebo. RGN-137 was applied topically to the skin, once
daily for up to 56 consecutive days. We completed enrollment of 30 out of the original target of 36 patients and closed the Phase
2 trial in late 2011 as the availability of eligible patients had been exhausted. We submitted the final report to the FDA in 2014. 

27   

Clinical Development  
Pressure Ulcers.    In late 2005, we began enrolling patients in a Phase 2 clinical trial designed to assess the
safety and effectiveness of RGN-137 for the treatment of patients with chronic pressure ulcers, commonly known as bedsores. In
this randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, dose-response trial, 15 clinical sites in the United States enrolled a total
of 72 patients to evaluate the safety, tolerability, and wound healing effectiveness of three different concentrations of RGN-137
compared to placebo. RGN-137 was applied topically to patients  ulcers, once daily for up to 84 consecutive days. Patients
in the trial were between 19 and 85 years old and had at least one stable Stage III or IV pressure ulcer with a surface area between
5 and 70 cm 2 . Stage III and IV pressure ulcers are full thickness wounds that penetrate through the skin and muscle,
sometimes completely to the bone. 

In January 2009, we reported final data
from this trial. RGN-137 was well-tolerated at all three dose levels studied, with no dose-limiting adverse events, which achieved
the primary objective of the study. As for efficacy, all T 4 doses performed similarly compared to placebo, with no statistically
significant efficacy results. However, patients treated with the middle dose showed a 17% improvement of wound healing, which was
the highest rate among the three active doses evaluated. The improvement in ulcer healing in this middle dose group following nine
weeks of treatment was equal to the improvement in patients treated with placebo after 12 weeks of treatment. A follow-on evaluation,
reported at the 3rd International Symposium on the Thymosins in Health and Disease in March 2012, showed that for those pressure
ulcer patients  wounds that healed, RGN-137 mid dose (0.02% T 4 gel product) accelerated wound closure with a median
time to healing of 22 days as compared to 57 days for the placebo. Although those results are clinically significant, they were
not statistically significant. 

Clinical Development  
Venous Stasis Ulcers.   In mid-2006 we began enrolling patients in a Phase 2 clinical trial designed to assess the safety
and effectiveness of RGN-137 for the treatment of patients with venous stasis ulcers. Venous stasis ulcers are a common type of
chronic wound that develops on the ankle or lower leg in patients with chronic vascular disease. In these patients blood flow in
the lower extremities is impaired leading to venous hypertension, edema (swelling) and mild redness and scaling of the skin that
gradually progresses to ulceration. In this double-blind, placebo-controlled, dose-response study, 8 European sites in Italy (N=5)
and Poland (N=3) make up the 72 patients randomized to receive three different concentrations of RGN-137 or placebo. RGN-137 or
placebo was applied topically to patients  ulcers once daily for consecutive days. A patient s ulcer size and ulcer
stability for enrollment were between 3 and 30 cm 2  and at least 6 weeks in duration, respectively. 

In 2009, we reported final data from that
trial. All doses of RGN-137 were well tolerated. More patients achieved healing in the RGN-137 mid dose (0.03% T 4 gel product)
than in any other dose group. The mid dose showed both an increased incidence of wound healing and a faster healing time compared
to placebo. The mid dose decreased the median time to healing by 45% among those wounds that completely healed. A follow-on evaluation,
reported at the 3rd International Symposium on the Thymosins in Health and Disease in March 2012, showed that for those venous
stasis ulcer patients  wounds greater than 3 cm 2  that healed, the RGN-137 mid dose (0.03% T 4 gel product)
accelerated wound closure with a median time to healing of 49 days as compared to 78 days for the placebo. Those results were both
clinically and statistically significant. 

GtreeBNT.     In March
2014, we entered into a License Agreement with GtreeBNT to license certain development and commercialization rights for RGN-137
in the U.S. 

Our Strategy  

We seek to maximize the value of our product
candidates by advancing their clinical development and then identifying suitable partners for further development, regulatory approval,
and marketing. We intend to engage in strategic partnerships with companies with clinical development and commercialization strengths
in desired pharmaceutical therapeutic fields. We are actively seeking partners with suitable infrastructure, expertise and a long-term
initiative in our medical fields of interest. To that end, we have entered several important licensing and joint venture agreements
with pharmaceutical companies to develop our product candidates. 

28   

Our initial ownership interest in ReGenTree
was 49% and has been reduced to 42% upon filing of the final clinical study report with the FDA for the Phase 2b trial for Dry
Eye Syndrome completed earlier in 2016. Based on when, and if, ReGenTree achieves certain additional development milestones in
the U.S. with RGN-259, our equity ownership may be incrementally reduced to between 42% and 25%, with 25% being the final equity
ownership upon FDA approval of an NDA for Dry Eye Syndrome in the U.S. In addition to our equity ownership, RegeneRx retains a
royalty on net sales that varies between single and low double digits, depending on whether commercial sales are made by ReGenTree
or a licensee. In the event the ReGenTree entity is acquired or there is a change of control that occurs following achievement
of an NDA, RegeneRx shall be entitled to a minimum of 40% of all proceeds paid or payable and will forgo any future royalties. 

The Joint Venture with GtreeBNT follows
two previous transactions with GtreeBNT signed in March 2014 when we had entered into License Agreements for the license of our
RGN-259 and RGN-137 product candidates. GtreeBNT licensed the development and commercialization rights for RGN-259 in Asia (excluding
China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) while also licensing the development and commercialization rights for RGN-137 in the U.S. 

We have entered into a License Agreement
with Lee s Pharmaceutical (HK) Limited, headquartered in Hong Kong, for the license of Thymosin Beta 4 in any pharmaceutical
form, including our RGN-259, RGN-352 and RGN-137 product candidates, in China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan. Lee s is an affiliate
of Sigma-Tau, which collectively with its affiliates is our largest stockholder. 

We previously entered into a strategic
partnership with Defiante Farmaceutica S.A., ( Defiante ), formerly a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sigma-Tau Group, a
leading international pharmaceutical company, which collectively comprise our largest shareholder, or Sigma-Tau, for development
and marketing of RGN-137 and RGN-352 for specified indications in Europe and other contiguous countries. Defiante merged with Sigma-Tau
Industrie Farmaceutiche Riunite S.p.A. in 2013 and Sigma-Tau recently merged with Alfa Wasserman S.p.A., an Italian pharmaceutical
company. Currently, there is no ongoing development of our products by Alfa Wasserman. 

Financial Operations Overview  

We have never generated
product revenues, and we do not expect to generate product revenues until the FDA approves one of our product candidates, if ever,
and we, or a partner or licensee, begin marketing and selling it. Subject to the availability of financing, we expect to invest
increasingly significant amounts in the furtherance of our current clinical stage programs and may add additional nonclinical studies
and new clinical trials as we explore the potential of our current product candidates in target indications and explore the potential
use of our T 4-based product candidates in rare disease and orphan indications. As we expand our clinical development initiatives,
we expect to incur substantial and increasing losses. Accordingly, we will need to generate significant product revenues in order
to ultimately achieve and then maintain profitability. Also, we expect that we will need to raise substantial additional capital
in order to meet product development requirements. We cannot assure investors that such capital will be available when needed,
on acceptable terms, or at all. 

Most of our expenditures
to date have been for research and development, or R D, activities and general and administrative, or G A, activities.
R D costs include all of the wholly-allocable costs associated with our various clinical programs passed through to us by our
outsourced vendors. Those costs include manufacturing T 4 and peptide fragments, formulation of T 4 into our product
candidates, stability studies for both T 4, and the various formulations, preclinical toxicology, safety and pharmacokinetic
studies, clinical trial management, medical oversight, laboratory evaluations, statistical data analysis, regulatory compliance,
quality assurance and other related activities. R D includes cash and non-cash compensation, payroll taxes, travel and other
miscellaneous costs of our internal R D personnel, three persons in total, who are dedicated on a part-time hourly basis to
R D efforts. R D also includes an allocation of our common infrastructure costs for office space and communications. We
expense our R D costs as they are incurred. 

29   

R D expenditures are subject to the
risks and uncertainties associated with clinical trials and the FDA review and approval process. As a result, these expenses could
exceed our expectations, possibly materially. We are uncertain as to what we will incur in future research and development costs
for our clinical studies, as these amounts are subject to, management's continuing assessment of the economics of each individual
research and development project and the internal competition for project funding. 

G A costs include outside professional
fees for legal, business development, audit and accounting services. G A also includes cash and non-cash compensation, travel
and other miscellaneous costs of our internal G A personnel, two in total, who are wholly dedicated to G A efforts. G A
also includes an allocation of our common infrastructure costs for office space and communications. Our G A expenses also include
costs to maintain our intellectual property portfolio. Historically we have expanded our patent prosecution activities and in some
cases, we have filed patent applications for non-critical strategic purposes intended to prevent others from filing similar patent
claims. We continue to closely monitor our patent applications in the United States, Europe and other countries with the advice
of outside legal counsel to determine if they will continue to provide strategic benefits. In cases where we believe the benefit
has been realized or it becomes unnecessary due to the issuance of other patents, or for other reasons that will not affect the
strength of our intellectual property portfolio, we have and will continue to abandon these patent applications in order to reduce
our costs of continued prosecution or maintenance. 

Critical Accounting Policies   

In Item 7,  Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2015, which was filed with the SEC on April 11, 2016, which we refer to as the Annual Report, we included a
discussion of the most significant accounting policies and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements. There
has been no material change in the policies and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements since the filing
of our Annual Report. 

Results of Operations  

Comparison of the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015   

Revenues.  For
the   three months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded revenue in the amount of $12,706 which reflects
the amortization of the upfront license fees over the life of the ReGenTree License Agreement and related amendments of 25 years.
For the   three months ended September 30, 2015, we recorded revenue in the amount of $5,510 which
reflects the amortization of the upfront license fee over the life of the ReGenTree License Agreement of 25 years. The increase
in revenue for the 2016 period reflects the amortization of the two $500,000 payment we received under the original joint venture
license agreement as well as the $250,000 payment we received for the expansion of the territorial rights to include Canada. 

R D Expenses .
For the   three months ended September 30, 2016, our R D expenses were aligned with the same
period of 2015 increasing by approximately $1,000, or 3%, to $50,000 from $49,000 for the same period in 2015. Changes between
the 2016 and 2015 periods are reflected in License fees (decrease of $4,000), insurance (decrease of $2,000) and R D consulting
(decrease of $3,000) offset by an increase in stock option compensation (increase of $10,000). We expect our R D expenses will
remain at low levels unless we decide to reinitiate internal R D efforts for our unpartnered programs. 

G A Expenses. 
For the three months ended September 30, 2016, our G A expenses were also aligned with the expenses of the same period in 2015,
decreased by approximately $1,000, or less than 1%, to $341,000, from $342,000 for the same period in 2015. Changes between the
2016 and 2015 periods are increases in professional services ($8,000) and insurance ($5,000) offset by decreases in travel  
related of ($7,000) and investor relation services of ($6,000). We believe that our G A expenses will remain at current levels
as we wait for data from the upcoming clinical trials being conducted by our partners. If we enter into additional partnerships
or other business transactions we will incur additional legal and transaction related expenses. 

30   

Net Loss.  Our
Statement of Operations reflects net income of $861,677 for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as opposed to a net loss of $1,129,552
recorded in the quarter ended September 30, 2015. In the 2016 period, the income resulted primarily from our evaluation of the
derivative liability associated with the conversion feature of the debt instruments issued by the Company from March 2013 through
January 2014 as well as the value of the investor rights associated with the 2016 Offering. The value of the conversion features
of the notes and the investor rights are indexed to the share price of our common stock and increases as our share price increases
and decreases as our share price decreases. The share price of our common stock decreased from $0.46 on June 30, 2016 to $0.38
on September 30, 2016, which resulted in a decrease in the fair value of our convertible debt derivative component and the 2016
Offering investor rights and resulted in the recording of an unrealized gain of approximately $1,284,000 for the three months ended
September 30, 2016. In the prior year period the share price of our common stock increased from $0.36 on June 30, 2015 to $0.42
on September 30, 2015, which resulted in an increase in the fair value of our convertible debt derivative component and the recording
increase in fair value of $701,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Comparison of the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015    

Revenues.  For
the   nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded revenue in the amount of $80,602, which reflects
the amortization of the upfront license fee over the life of the ReGenTree license agreement of 25 years. For the 
 nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recorded revenue in the amount of $50,510, $40,000 of this revenue related to the
sale of unformulated T 4 to GtreeBNT for use in their product development work in Korea. There were no associated costs with
this transaction as the cost of T 4 had been expensed in a prior period. We also recorded revenue in the amount of $10,510
which reflects the amortization of the upfront license fee over the life of the ReGenTree license agreement of 25 years. The increase
in revenue for the 2016 period reflects the amortization of the two $500,000 payment we received under the original joint venture
license agreement as well as the $250,000 payment we received for the expansion of the territorial rights to include Canada. 

R D Expenses .
For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016, our R D expenses increased by approximately $51,000,
or 31% to $213,000 from $162,000 for the same period in 2015. The increase is attributable to the level of stock option compensation
recognized in the nine month period which represents a $75,000 increase versus the prior year period. This was partially offset
by decreases from 2015 insurance (decrease of $10,000), R D consulting (decrease of $10,000) and License fees (decrease of
$4,000). We expect our R D expenses will remain at low levels unless we decide to reinitiate internal R D efforts for our
unpartnered programs. 

G A Expenses. 
For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, our G A expenses decreased by approximately $19,000, or 2%, to $1,196,000 from
$1,215,000 for the same period in 2015. Decreases are reflected in professional services ($243,000) and travel and related ($31,000)
and personnel ($3,000). These decreases were partially offset by increases in insurance ($17,000), miscellaneous ($4,000), stock
option expense ($31,000) and offering expenses related to our 2016 Offering of approximately ($214,000). The significant decrease
in professional services reflects the absence of the legal costs incurred in association with completing the ReGenTree joint venture
agreement in 2015. We believe that our G A expenses, net of offering expenses, will remain at current levels as we wait for
data from the upcoming clinical trials being conducted by our partners. If we enter into additional partnerships or other business
transactions we will incur additional legal and transaction related expenses. 

Net Loss.  We
incurred a net loss of $192,927 for the nine months ended September 30. 2016, a decrease from the net loss of $4,610,253 recorded
in the nine months ended September, 2015. The 2016 net loss reflects the change in the value of the conversion feature related
to the derivative liability related to our convertible debt as well as the reduction of the value of the investor rights associated
with the 2016 Offering. The total decrease in the value of the derivative liabilities for the nine month period ending September
30, 2016 was $1,265,499. For the same period in 2015 a significant portion of the net loss resulted from an increase in the value
of the derivative liabilities pursuant to our evaluation of the derivative liability associated with the conversion feature of
the debt instruments issued by the Company from March 2013 through January 2014. The value of this conversion feature is indexed
to the share price of our common stock and increases as our share price increases and decreases as our share price decreases. The
share price of our common stock decreased from $0.44 on December 31, 2015 to $0.38 on September 30, 2016, which resulted in a decrease
in the fair value of our derivative liabilities and the recording of an unrealized gain of $1,265,499 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016. In the prior year period the share price of our common stock increased from $0.14 on December 31, 2014 to $0.42
on September 30, 2015, which resulted in an increase in the fair value of our convertible debt derivative component and the recording
of an unrealized loss of $3,154,500 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

31   

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Overview    

We have not commercialized
any of our product candidates to date and have incurred significant losses since inception. In addition, we have primarily financed
our operations through the equity or issuance of debt including the sale of a series of convertible promissory notes through private
placements with accredited investors and the March and August 2014 private placements of common stock with GtreeBNT as well as
our entry into the ReGenTree joint venture in early 2015. The report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding
our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 contained an explanatory paragraph regarding our ability to continue
as a going concern based upon our history of net losses and dependence on future financing in order to meet our planned operating
activities. 

We had cash and cash equivalents of $1,061,374
at September 30, 2016. This amount primarily reflects the net proceeds of our 2016 Offering of approximately $1,520,000. Our current
cash and cash equivalents should fund our planned operations into the fourth quarter of 2017. This estimate also does not include
receipt of any funds from grants, new partnerships or the raising of additional capital if the market climate warrants. Additionally,
we intend to continue to pursue additional partnering activities, particularly for RGN-352, our injectable systemic product candidate
for cardiac and central nervous system indications. 

Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015   

Net cash used in operating activities was
approximately $776,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to approximately $183,000 used in operating activities
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. In June 2016 we received net proceeds of approximately $1,520,000 from our 2016 Offering.
In 2015 we received $500,000 which was classified as unearned revenue from ReGenTree pursuant to the license agreement with ReGenTree,
our joint venture, which served to reduce the net cash used in operations. 

Future Funding
Requirements   

The expenditures that
will be necessary to execute our business plan are subject to numerous uncertainties that may adversely affect our liquidity and
capital resources. Currently, RegeneRx has active partnerships in three major territories: the U.S., China and Pan Asia. Our partners
have been moving forward and making progress in each territory. In each case, the cost of development is being borne by our partners
with no financial obligation for RegeneRx. Patient accrual, treatment, and follow-up for ophthalmic trials are, in general, relatively
fast, as opposed to most other clinical efforts, top line data from the U.S. dry eye trial was released in early May and data from
the NK study toward the end of 2016 or possibly later. 

We still have significant
clinical assets to develop, primarily RGN-352 (injectable formulation of T 4 for cardiac and CNS disorders) in the U.S.,
Pan Asia, and Europe, and RGN-259 in the EU. Our goal is to wait until the results are obtained from the current ophthalmic clinical
trials before moving into the EU with RGN-259. If successful, this should allow us to obtain a higher value for the asset at that
time. However, we intend to continue to develop RGN-352, either by obtaining grants to fund a Phase 2a clinical trial in the cardiovascular
or central nervous system fields or finding a suitable partner with the resources and capabilities to develop it as we have with
RGN-259. 

32   

Our current capital resources
are only sufficient to fund operations into the fourth quarter of 2017. A sale of common stock and warrants, a convertible instrument
or additional partnering of licensed rights are possible sources of operating capital in the future. 

In addition, the length
of time required for clinical trials varies substantially according to the type, complexity, novelty and intended use of a product
candidate. Some of the factors that could impact our liquidity and capital needs include, but are not limited to: 

the progress of our clinical trials;   

the progress of our research activities;   

the number and scope of our research programs;   

the progress of our preclinical development activities;   

the costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining, enforcing and defending patent
and other intellectual property claims;   

the costs related to development and manufacture of preclinical, clinical and validation lots for
regulatory purposes and commercialization of drug supply associated with our product candidates;   

our ability to enter into corporate collaborations and the terms and success of these collaborations;   

the costs and timing of regulatory approvals; and   

the costs of establishing manufacturing, sales and distribution capabilities.   

Moreover, the duration
and the cost of clinical trials may vary significantly over the life of a project as a result of differences arising during the
clinical trial protocol, including, among others, the following: 

the number of patients that ultimately participate in the trial;   

the duration of patient follow-up that seems appropriate in view of the results;   

the number of clinical sites included in the trials; and   

the length of time required to enroll suitable patient subjects.   

Also, we test our product
candidates in numerous preclinical studies to identify indications for which they may be efficacious. We may conduct multiple clinical
trials to cover a variety of indications for each product candidate. As we obtain results from trials, we may elect to discontinue
clinical trials for certain product candidates or for certain indications in order to focus our resources on more promising product
candidates or indications. 

Our proprietary product
candidates have not yet achieved FDA regulatory approval, which is required before we can market them as therapeutic products.
In order to proceed to subsequent clinical trial stages and to ultimately achieve regulatory approval, the FDA must conclude that
our clinical data establish safety and efficacy. Historically, the results from preclinical studies and early clinical trials have
often not been predictive of results obtained in later clinical trials. A number of new drugs and biologics have shown promising
results in clinical trials, but subsequently failed to establish sufficient safety and efficacy data to obtain necessary regulatory
approvals. 

In June 2014, we consolidated
our office space and amended our lease agreement for the reduced space. The new lease commitment is for 36 months and our rental
payments for this period will be approximately $4,500 per month. 

33   

Sources of Liquidity   

We have not commercialized
any of our product candidates to date and have primarily financed our operations through the issuance of common stock and common
stock warrants in private and public financings in addition to a series of five convertible debt placements from October 2012 to
January 2014. Most recently, on June 27, 2016, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Sabby Healthcare Master Fund,
Ltd., and Sabby Volatility Warrant Master Fund, Ltd., pursuant to which we agreed to sell, and the purchasers agreed to purchase,
an aggregate of 5,147,059 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 5,147,059 shares of common stock, which we refer to as
the 2016 Offering. We received approximately $1,520,000 in net proceeds from the 2016 Offering and have resources to fund our planned
operations into the fourth quarter of 2017. We believe our current capital resources will fund our operations into the fourth quarter
of 2017. On January 28, 2015, we announced that we had entered into a Joint Venture Agreement with GtreeBNT, a shareholder of the
Company. The Joint Venture Agreement provides for the creation of an entity, ReGenTree, LLC, jointly owned by us and GtreeBNT,
which will commercialize RGN-259 for treatment of dry eye and neurotrophic keratopathy, an orphan indication in the United States.
On April 28, 2016 the license agreement with ReGenTree was amended to expand the territory to include Canada. GtreeBNT is responsible
for funding all product development and commercialization efforts. 

RegeneRx s initial ownership interest
in ReGenTree was 49% and has been reduced to 42% when the clinical study report was filed with the FDA for the Phase 3 dry eye
clinical trial. Based on when, and if, certain additional development milestones are achieved in the U.S. with RGN-259, our equity
ownership may be incrementally reduced to between 42% and 25%, with 25% being the final equity ownership upon approval of an NDA
for Dry Eye Syndrome in the U.S. In conjunction with the Joint Venture Agreement, we also entered into a royalty-bearing license
agreement (the  License Agreement ) with ReGenTree pursuant to which we granted to ReGenTree the right to develop and
exclusively commercialize RGN-259 in the United States. We received a total of $1,000,000 in two tranches under the terms of the
License Agreement. The first tranche of $500,000 was received in March 2015 and a second in the amount of $500,000 was received
in September 2015. On April 6, 2016, we received $250,000 from ReGenTree and executed an amendment to the license agreement on
April 28, 2016. Under the amendment the territorial rights were expanded to include Canada. 

We are also entitled
to royalties as a percentage of net sales ranging from the single digits to the low-double digits based on the medical indications
approved and whether the Joint Venture commercializes products directly or through a third party. In the event the ReGenTree entity
is acquired or there is a change of control that occurs following achievement of an NDA, RegeneRx shall be entitled to a minimum
of 40% of all proceeds paid or payable and will forgo any future royalties. RegeneRx possesses one of three board seats and certain
major decisions and transactions within ReGenTree, such as commercialization strategy, mergers, and acquisitions, require RegeneRx s
board designee s consent. Additionally, we intend to continue to pursue additional partnering activities, particularly for
RGN-352, our injectable systemic product candidate for cardiac and central nervous system indications. 

Licensing Agreements

As noted above, we have
entered into two strategic agreements with GtreeBNT. GtreeBNT licensed the development and commercialization rights for RGN-259,
in Asia (excluding China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) while also licensing the development and commercialization rights for RGN-137
in the U.S. In January 2015,we entered into a joint venture and licensing agreement with GtreeBNT that will commercialize RGN-259
for treatment of dry eye and neurotrophic keratitis in the United States, as well as any other indications within the field of
ophthalmology. The license agreements provide for the opportunity for us to receive milestone payments upon specified commercial
events and royalty payments in connection with any commercial sales of the licensed products in the respective territories. However,
there are no assurances that we will be able to attain any such milestones or generate any such royalty payments under the agreements. 

We have a license agreement
with Sigma-Tau/Alfa Wassermann that provides the opportunity for us to receive milestone payments upon specified events and royalty
payments in connection with commercial sales of T 4 for certain medical indications in Europe. However, we have not received
any milestone payments to date, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to attain such milestones and generate any such
payments under the agreement. 

34   

We also have entered
into a license agreement with Lee s Pharmaceuticals that provides for the opportunity for us to receive milestone payments
upon specified events and royalty payments in connection with any commercial sales of T 4-based products in China, Hong Kong,
Macau and Taiwan. However, there are no assurances that we will be able to attain any such milestones or generate any such royalty
payments under the agreement. 

Government Grants  

We have pursued, and
continue to pursue, government funding for both RGN-259 and RGN-352. We are not currently receiving funding under a Government
Grant. 

Other Financing
Sources  

Other potential sources
of outside capital include entering into additional strategic business relationships, additional issuances of equity securities
or debt financing or other similar financial instruments, and the exercise of our outstanding warrants. If we raise additional
capital through a strategic business relationship, we may have to give up valuable rights to our intellectual property. If we raise
funds by selling additional shares of our common stock or securities convertible into our common stock, the ownership interest
of our existing stockholders may be significantly diluted. In addition, if additional funds are raised through the issuance of
preferred stock or debt securities, these securities are likely to have rights, preferences and privileges senior to our common
stock and may involve significant fees, interest expense, restrictive covenants and the granting of security interests in our assets. 

Our failure to successfully
address liquidity requirements could have a materially negative impact on our business, including the possibility of surrendering
our rights to some technologies or product opportunities, delaying our clinical trials, or ceasing operations. There can be no
assurance that we will be able to obtain additional capital in sufficient amounts, on acceptable terms, or at all. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements,
as such term is defined in Item 303(a)(4) of Regulation S-K. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk.  

Our cash equivalents,
which are generally comprised of Federally-insured bank deposits, are subject to default, changes in credit rating and changes
in market value. These investments are also subject to interest rate risk and will decrease in value if market interest rates increase.
As of September 30, 2016, these cash equivalents were approximately $1,061,000. Due to the short-term nature of these investments,
if market interest rates differed by 10% from their levels as of September 30, 2016, the change in fair value of our financial
instruments would not have been material. 

Item 4.   Controls and Procedures 

a) Evaluation of
Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

Our management, under the supervision and
with the participation of our President and Chief Executive Officer, in his capacity as our principal executive officer and our
principal financial officer, performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our  disclosure
controls and procedures  (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended)
as of September 30, 2016. Based upon this evaluation, management has concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified under applicable rules of the SEC, and that such information is accumulated
and communicated to management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosures. 

35   

b) Changes in Internal
Controls  

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2016 that have materially
affected, or which are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.   

Part
II   Other Information  

Item 1.  Legal Proceedings 

None. 

Item 1A.  Risk Factors 

Set forth below and elsewhere in this report
and in other documents we file with the SEC are risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from
the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this report. The descriptions below include any material
changes to and supersede the description of the risk factors affecting our business previously disclosed in  Part II, Item
1A. Risk Factors  of the Annual Report. 

Risks Related to
Our Liquidity and Need for Financing  

We will need substantial additional
capital for the continued development of product candidates through marketing approval and for our longer-term future operations.   

We anticipate that substantial new capital
resources will be required to continue our longer-term product development efforts, including any and all follow-on trials that
will result from our current clinical programs beyond those currently contemplated, and to scale up manufacturing processes for
our product candidates. However, the actual amount of funds that we will need will be determined by many factors, some of which
are beyond our control. These factors include, without limitation: 

the scope of our, or our partners ,
clinical trials, which is significantly influenced by the quality of clinical data achieved as trials are completed and the requirements
established by regulatory authorities;     

the speed with which we, or our partners,
complete our clinical trials, which depends on our ability to attract and enroll qualifying patients and the quality of the work
performed by our clinical investigators and contract research organizations chosen to conduct the studies;    

the time required to prosecute, enforce
and defend our intellectual property rights, which depends on evolving legal regimes and infringement claims that may arise between
us and third parties;    

the ability to manufacture at scales sufficient
to supply commercial quantities of any of our product candidates that receive regulatory approval, which may require levels of
effort not currently anticipated; and     

the successful commercialization of our
product candidates, which will depend on our, or our partners , ability to either create or partner with an effective commercialization
organization and which could be delayed or prevented by the emergence of equal or more effective therapies.    

36   

Emerging biotechnology companies like us
may raise capital through corporate collaborations and by licensing intellectual property rights to other biotechnology or pharmaceutical
enterprises. We intend to pursue this strategy, but there can be no assurance that we will be able to enter into additional license
agreements with respect to our intellectual property or product development programs on commercially reasonable terms, if at all.
There are substantial challenges and risks that will make it difficult to successfully implement any of these alternatives. If
we are successful in raising additional capital through such a license or collaboration, we may have to give up valuable rights
to our intellectual property. In addition, the business priorities of a strategic partner may change over time, which creates the
possibility that the interests of the strategic partner in developing our technology may diminish and could have a potentially
material negative impact on the value of our interest in the licensed intellectual property or product candidates. 

Further, if we raise additional funds by
selling shares of our common stock or securities convertible into our common stock the ownership interest of our existing stockholders
may be significantly diluted. If additional funds are raised through the issuance of preferred stock or debt securities, these
securities are likely to have rights, preferences and privileges senior to our common stock and may involve significant fees, interest
expense, restrictive covenants or the granting of security interests in our assets. 

Our failure to successfully address our
long-term liquidity requirements would have a material negative impact on our business, including the possibility of surrendering
our rights to some technologies or product opportunities, delaying our clinical trials or ceasing our operations. At this time
we estimate that our existing capital resources will fund operations into the fourth quarter of 2017. 

We have incurred losses since inception
and expect to incur significant losses in the foreseeable future and may never become profitable.   

We have not commercialized any product
candidates to date and incurred net operating losses every year since our inception in 1982. We believe these losses will continue
for the foreseeable future, and may increase, as we pursue our product development efforts related to T 4. As of September
30, 2016, our accumulated deficit totaled approximately $105 million. 

As we expand our research and development
efforts and seek to obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates to make them commercially viable, we anticipate substantial
and increasing operating losses. Our ability to generate revenues and to become profitable will depend largely on our ability,
alone or through the efforts of third-party licensees and collaborators, to efficiently and successfully complete the development
of our product candidates, obtain necessary regulatory approvals for commercialization, scale-up commercial quantity manufacturing
capabilities either internally or through third-party suppliers, and market our product candidates. There can be no assurance that
we will achieve any of these objectives or that we will ever become profitable or be able to maintain profitability. Even if we
do achieve profitability, we cannot predict the level of such profitability. If we sustain losses over an extended period of time
and are not otherwise able to raise necessary funds to continue our development efforts and maintain our operations, we may be
forced to cease operations. 

Our common stock is quoted on the
over-the-counter market, which subjects us to the SEC s penny stock rules and may decrease the liquidity of our common stock.   

Our common stock is traded over-the-counter
on the OTC Bulletin Board. Over-the-counter markets are generally considered to be less efficient than, and not as broad as, a
stock exchange. There may be a limited market for our stock now that it is quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, trading in our stock
may become more difficult and our share price could decrease. Specifically, you may not be able to resell your shares of common
stock at or above the price you paid for such shares or at all. 

In addition, our ability to raise additional
capital may be impaired because of the less liquid nature of the over-the-counter markets. While we cannot guarantee that we would
be able to complete an equity financing on acceptable terms, or at all, we believe that dilution from any equity financing while
our shares are quoted on an over-the-counter market would likely be substantially greater than if we were to complete a financing
while our common stock is traded on a national securities exchange. Further, we are unable to use short-form registration statements
on Form S-3 for the registration of our securities, which could impair our ability to raise additional capital as needed. 

37   

Our common stock is also subject to penny
stock rules, which impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell our common stock. The SEC generally
defines  penny stock  as an equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain
exceptions. The ability of broker-dealers to sell our common stock and the ability of our stockholders to sell their shares in
the secondary market will be limited and, as a result, the market liquidity for our common stock will likely be adversely affected.
We cannot assure you that trading in our securities will not be subject to these or other regulations in the future. 

The report of our independent registered
public accounting firm contains explanatory language that substantial doubt exists about our ability to continue as a going concern.   

The report of our
independent registered public accounting firm on our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 contains explanatory
language that substantial doubt exists about our ability to continue as a going concern, without raising additional capital. As
described in this report, we completed the sale of common stock and warrants to institutional investors and received net proceeds
of approximately $1,520,000 and we estimate that our existing capital resources will fund our operations into the fourth quarter
of 2017. 

Risks Related to
Our Business and Operations  

Our planned Phase 2 clinical trial
of RGN-352 was placed on clinical hold by the FDA in March 2011 due to non-compliance of cGMP regulations by a contract manufacturer
and we are unsure when, if ever, we will be able to resume this trial.   

In the second half of 2010, we implemented
the development plans for our Phase 2 clinical trial to evaluate RGN-352 in patients who have suffered an acute myocardial infarction,
or AMI. We had planned to begin enrolling patients near the end of the first quarter of 2011. However, in March 2011, we were notified
by the FDA that the trial was placed on clinical hold as a result of our contract manufacturer s alleged failure to comply
with current Good Manufacturing Practice ( cGMP ) regulations. The FDA has prohibited us from using any of the active
drug or placebo manufactured by this manufacturer in human trials, which will require us to identify a cGMP-compliant manufacturer
and to have new material produced in the event that we seek to resume this trial. We have also learned that the contract manufacturer
has closed its manufacturing facility and has filed for bankruptcy protection. Significant preparatory time and procedures will
be required before any new suitable manufacturer would be able to manufacture RGN-352 for the AMI trial. Since we are unable to
estimate the length of time that the trial will be on clinical hold, we have elected to cease activities on this trial until the
FDA clinical hold is resolved and the requisite funding might be secured. Consequently, there can be no assurance that we will
be able to timely initiate trial activities or complete this trial, if at all. 

All of our drug candidates are based
on a single compound.   

Our current primary business focus is the
development of T 4, and its analogues, derivatives and fragments, for the regeneration and accelerated repair of damaged
tissue from non-healing dermal and corneal wounds, cardiac injury, central/peripheral nervous system diseases and other conditions,
as well as an improvement in various functions, such as, but not limited to, cardiac and neurological. Unlike many pharmaceutical
companies that have a number of unique chemical entities in development, we are dependent on a single molecule, formulated for
different routes of administration and different clinical indications, for our potential commercial success. As a result, any common
safety or efficacy concerns for T 4-based products that cross formulations would have a much greater impact on our business
prospects than if our product pipeline were more diversified. 

38   

We may never be able to commercialize
our product candidates.   

Although T 4 has shown biological
activity in  in vitro  studies and  in vivo  animal models and while we observed clinical activity and efficacious outcomes
in our recent RGN-259 Phase 2a trial and earlier Phase 2 dermal trials, we cannot assure you that our product candidates will exhibit
activity or importance in humans in large-scale trials. Our drug candidates are still in research and development, and we do not
expect them to be commercially available for the foreseeable future, if at all. Only a small number of research and development
programs ultimately result in commercially successful drugs. Potential products that appear to be promising at early stages of
development may not reach the market for a number of reasons. These include the possibility that the potential products may: 

be found ineffective or cause harmful
side effects during preclinical studies or clinical trials;    

fail to receive necessary regulatory approvals;    

be precluded from commercialization by
proprietary rights of third parties;    

be difficult to manufacture on a large
scale; or    

be uneconomical or otherwise fail to achieve
market acceptance.    

If any of these potential problems occurs,
we may never successfully market T 4-based products. 

We are subject to intense government
regulation, and we may not receive regulatory approvals for our drug candidates.   

Our product candidates will require regulatory
approvals prior to sale. In particular, therapeutic agents are subject to stringent approval processes, prior to commercial marketing,
by the FDA and by comparable agencies in most foreign countries. The process of obtaining FDA and corresponding foreign approvals
is costly and time-consuming, and we cannot assure you that such approvals will be granted. Also, the regulations we are subject
to change frequently and such changes could cause delays in the development of our product candidates. 

Three of our drug candidates are currently
in the clinical development stage, and we cannot be certain that we, or our partners, will successfully complete the clinical trials
necessary to receive regulatory product approvals. The regulatory approval process is lengthy, unpredictable and expensive. To
obtain regulatory approvals in the United States, we or a partner must ultimately demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA that
our product candidates are sufficiently safe and effective for their proposed administration to humans. Many factors, known and
unknown, can adversely impact clinical trials and the ability to evaluate a product candidate s safety and efficacy, including: 

the FDA or other health regulatory authorities,
or institutional review boards, or IRBs, do not approve a clinical trial protocol or place a clinical trial on hold;    

suitable patients do not enroll in a clinical
trial in sufficient numbers or at the expected rate, for reasons such as the size of the patient population, the proximity of patients
to clinical sites, the eligibility criteria for the trial, the perceptions of investigators and patients regarding safety, and
the availability of other treatment options;    

clinical trial data is adversely affected
by trial conduct or patient withdrawal prior to completion of the trial;    

there may be competition with ongoing
clinical trials and scheduling conflicts with participating clinicians;    

patients experience serious adverse events,
including adverse side effects of our drug candidates, for a variety of reasons that may or may not be related to our product candidates,
including the advanced stage of their disease and other medical problems;    

patients in the placebo or untreated control
group exhibit greater than expected improvements or fewer than expected adverse events;    

third-party clinical investigators do
not perform the clinical trials on the anticipated schedule or consistent with the clinical trial protocol and good clinical practices,
or other third-party organizations do not perform data collection and analysis in a timely or accurate manner;    

39   

service providers, collaborators or co-sponsors
do not adequately perform their obligations in relation to the clinical trial or cause the trial to be delayed or terminated;    

we are unable to obtain a sufficient supply
of manufactured clinical trial materials;    

regulatory inspections of manufacturing
facilities, which may, among other things, require us or a co-sponsor to undertake corrective action or suspend the clinical trials,
such as the clinical hold with respect to our Phase 2 clinical trial of RGN-352;    

the interim results of the clinical trial
are inconclusive or negative;    

the clinical trial, although approved
and completed, generates data that is not considered by the FDA or others to be clinically relevant or sufficient to demonstrate
safety and efficacy; and    

changes in governmental regulations or
administrative actions affect the conduct of the clinical trial or the interpretation of its results.    

There can be no assurance that our, or
our partners , clinical trials will in fact demonstrate, to the satisfaction of the FDA and others, that our product candidates
are sufficiently safe or effective. The FDA or we may also restrict or suspend our clinical trials at any time if it is believed
that subjects participating in the trials are being exposed to unacceptable health risks. 

Clinical trials for product candidates
such as ours are often conducted with patients who have more advanced forms of a particular condition or other unrelated conditions.
For example, in clinical trials for our product candidate RGN-137, we have studied patients who are not only suffering from chronic
epidermal wounds but who are also older and much more likely to have other serious adverse conditions. During the course of treatment
with our product candidates, patients could die or suffer other adverse events for reasons that may or may not be related to the
drug candidate being tested. Further, and as a consequence that all of our drug candidates are based on T 4, crossover risk
exists such that a patient in one trial may be adversely impacted by one drug candidate, and that adverse event may have implications
for our other trials and other drug candidates. However, even if unrelated to our product candidates, such adverse events can nevertheless
negatively impact our clinical trials, and our business prospects would suffer. 

These factors, many of which may be outside
of our control, may have a negative impact on our business by making it difficult to advance product candidates or by reducing
or eliminating their potential or perceived value. As a consequence, we may need to perform more or larger clinical trials than
planned. Further, if we are forced to contribute greater financial and clinical resources to a study, valuable resources will be
diverted from other areas of our business. If we fail to complete or if we experience material delays in completing our clinical
trials as currently planned, or we otherwise fail to commence or complete, or experience delays in, any of our other present or
planned clinical trials, including as a result of the actions of third parties upon which we rely for these functions, our ability
to conduct our business as currently planned could materially suffer. 

We may not successfully establish
and maintain development and testing relationships with third-party service providers and collaborators, which could adversely
affect our ability to develop our product candidates.   

We have only limited resources, experience
with and capacity to conduct requisite testing and clinical trials of our drug candidates. As a result, we rely and expect to continue
to rely on third-party service providers and collaborators, including corporate partners, licensors and contract research organizations,
or CROs, to perform a number of activities relating to the development of our drug candidates, including the design and conduct
of clinical trials, and potentially the obtaining of regulatory approvals. For example, we currently rely on several third-party
contractors to manufacture and formulate T 4 into the product candidates used in our clinical trials, develop assays to assess
T 4 s effectiveness in complex biological systems, recruit clinical investigators and sites to participate in our trials,
manage the clinical trial process and collect, evaluate and report clinical results. 

40   

We may not be able to maintain or expand
our current arrangements with these third parties or maintain such relationships on favorable terms. Our agreements with these
third parties may also contain provisions that restrict our ability to develop and test our product candidates or that give third
parties rights to control aspects of our product development and clinical programs. In addition, conflicts may arise with our collaborators,
such as conflicts concerning the interpretation of clinical data, the achievement of milestones, the interpretation of financial
provisions or the ownership of intellectual property developed during the collaboration. If any conflicts arise with our existing
or future collaborators, they may act in their self-interest, which may be adverse to our best interests. Any failure to maintain
our collaborative agreements and any conflicts with our collaborators could delay or prevent us from developing our product candidates.
We and our collaborators may fail to develop products covered by our present and future collaborations if, among other things: 

we or our partners do not achieve our
objectives under our collaboration agreements;    

we or our partners are unable to obtain
patent protection for the products or proprietary technologies we develop in our partnerships;    

we are unable to manage multiple simultaneous
product development partnerships;    

our partners become competitors of ours
or enter into agreements with our competitors;    

we or our partners encounter regulatory
hurdles that prevent commercialization of our product candidates; or    

we develop products and processes or enter
into additional partnerships that conflict with the business objectives of our other partners.    

We also have less control over the timing
and other aspects of our clinical trials than if we conducted the monitoring and supervision entirely on our own. Third parties
may not perform their responsibilities for our clinical trials on our anticipated schedule or consistent with a clinical trial
protocol or applicable regulations. We, and our partners, also rely on clinical research organizations to perform much of our data
management and analysis. They may not provide these services as required or in a timely manner. If any of these parties do not
meet deadlines or follow proper procedures, including procedures required by law, the preclinical studies and clinical trials may
take longer than expected, may be delayed or may be terminated, which would have a materially negative impact on our product development
efforts. If we were forced to find a replacement entity to perform any of our preclinical studies or clinical trials, we may not
be able to find a suitable entity on favorable terms or at all. Even if we were able to find a replacement, resulting delays in
the tests or trials may result in significant additional expenditures and delays in obtaining regulatory approval for drug candidates,
which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and business prospects. 

GtreeBNT Co., Ltd. has limited drug
development experience.   

In March 2014 we completed two licensing
agreements for the development and commercialization of RGN-259 and RGN-137 in certain territories, with GtreeBNT, headquartered
outside of Seoul, Korea. In January 2015 we entered into a Joint Venture Agreement with GtreeBNT and entered into a license agreement
with the Joint Venture, pursuant to which granted to the Joint Venture the right to develop and exclusively commercialize RGN-259
in the United States and Canada as amended in April 2016. Although we will share control of the Joint Venture with GtreeBNT, GtreeBNT
will have greater control over the Joint Venture than we will meaning that GtreeBNT will have significant control over the commercialization
of RGN-259. 

Historically, GtreeBNT s business
focus has been in the IT software industry in Korea with strong IP positions addressing specific software tools and apps such as
optimized multimedia software for smart phones. GtreeBNT made a strategic decision in November 2013 to expand into the biopharmaceutical
business through selected strategic alliances with biopharmaceutical companies in the U.S. and EU. The collaboration with RegeneRx
is the first strategic investment in this initiative. While GtreeBNT has hired executives and staff with significant pharmaceutical
experience, the company has no internal drug development experience. As a result, GtreeBNT may face more and different challenges
in the development of these product candidates than would more established pharmaceutical companies. 

41   

We are subject to intense competition
from companies with greater resources and more mature products, which may result in our competitors developing or commercializing
products before or more successfully than we do.   

We are engaged in a business that is highly
competitive. Research and development activities for the development of drugs to treat indications within our focus are being sponsored
or conducted by private and public research institutions and by major pharmaceutical companies located in the United States and
a number of foreign countries. Most of these companies and institutions have financial and human resources that are substantially
greater than our own and they have extensive experience in conducting research and development activities and clinical trials and
in obtaining the regulatory approvals necessary to market pharmaceutical products that we do not have. As a result, they may develop
competing products more rapidly that are safer, more effective, or have fewer side effects, or are less expensive, or they may
develop and commercialize products that render our product candidates non-competitive or obsolete. 

With respect to our product candidate RGN-259,
there are also numerous ophthalmic companies developing drugs for corneal wound healing and other front-of-the-eye diseases and
injuries, including dry eye syndrome. Amniotic membranes have been successfully used to treat corneal wounds in certain cases,
as have topical steroids and antibacterial agents. Most specialty ophthalmic companies have a number of products on the market
that could compete with RGN-259. There are numerous antibiotics to treat eye infections to promote corneal wound healing and many
eye lubrication products that are soothing to the eye and help eye healing, many of which are sold without prescriptions. Companies
also market steroids to treat certain conditions within our area of interest. Allergan, Inc. markets Restasis , Ophthalmic
Emulsion, which was the only commercially available and FDA-approved eye drop to treat dry eye. Shire PLC recently received FDA
approval to market Lifitegrast for the treatment of dry eye and will be launching the product in the U.S. Restasis, and other products,
have been approved for marketing in certain other countries where we have licensed RGN-259. 

We have initially targeted our product
candidate RGN-352 for cardiovascular indications. Most large pharmaceutical companies and many smaller biomedical companies are
vigorously pursuing the development of therapeutics to treat patients after heart attacks and for other cardiovascular indications. 

With respect to our product candidate RGN-137
for wound healing, Johnson   Johnson has previously marketed Regranex  for this purpose in patients with diabetic foot
ulcers. Other companies, such as Novartis, are developing and marketing artificial skins, which we believe could also compete with
RGN-137. Moreover, wound healing is a large and highly fragmented marketplace attracting many companies, large and small, to develop
products for treating acute and chronic wounds, including, for example, honey-based ointments, hyperbaric oxygen therapy, and low
frequency cavitational ultrasound. 

We are also developing potential cosmeceutical
products, which are loosely defined as products that bridge the gap between cosmetics and pharmaceuticals, for example, by improving
skin texture and reducing the appearance of aging. This industry is intensely competitive, with potential competitors ranging from
large multinational companies to very small specialty companies. New cosmeceutical products often have a short product life and
are frequently replaced with newer products developed to address the latest trends in appearance and fashion. We may not be able
to adapt to changes in the industry as quickly as larger and more experienced cosmeceutical companies. Further, larger cosmetics
companies have the financial and marketing resources to effectively compete with smaller companies like us in order to sell products
aimed at larger markets. 

Even if approved for marketing, our
technologies and product candidates are unproven and they may fail to gain market acceptance.   

Our product candidates, all of which are
based on the molecule T 4, are new and unproven and there is no guarantee that health care providers or patients will be
interested in our product candidates, even if they are approved for use. If any of our product candidates are approved by the FDA,
our success will depend in part on our ability to demonstrate sufficient clinical benefits, reliability, safety, and cost effectiveness
of our, or our partners , product candidates relative to other approaches, as well as on our ability to continue to develop
our product candidates to respond to competitive and technological changes. If the market does not accept our product candidates,
when and if we are able to commercialize them, then we may never become profitable. Factors that could delay, inhibit or prevent
market acceptance of our product candidates may include: 

the timing and receipt of marketing approvals;    

42   

the safety and efficacy of the products;    

the emergence of equivalent or superior
products;    

the cost-effectiveness of the products;
and    

ineffective marketing.    

It is difficult to predict the future growth
of our business, if any, and the size of the market for our product candidates because the markets are continually evolving. There
can be no assurance that our product candidates will prove superior to products that may currently be available or may become available
in the future or that our research and development activities will result in any commercially profitable products. 

We have no marketing experience,
sales force or distribution capabilities. If our product candidates are approved, and we are unable to recruit key personnel to
perform these functions, we may not be able to commercialize them successfully.   

Although we do not currently have any marketable
products, our ability to produce revenues ultimately depends on our, or our partners , ability to sell our product candidates
if and when they are approved by the FDA and other regulatory authorities. We currently have no experience in marketing or selling
pharmaceutical products, and we do not have a marketing and sales staff or distribution capabilities. Developing a marketing and
sales force is also time-consuming and could delay the launch of new products or expansion of existing product sales. In addition,
we will compete with many companies that currently have extensive and well-funded marketing and sales operations. If we fail to
establish successful marketing and sales capabilities or fail to enter into successful marketing arrangements with third parties,
our ability to generate revenues will suffer. 

If we enter markets outside the United
States our business will be subject to political, economic, legal and social risks in those markets, which could adversely affect
our business.   

There are significant regulatory and legal
barriers to entering markets outside the United States that must be overcome if we, or our partners, seek regulatory approval to
market our product candidates in countries other than the United States. We would be subject to the burden of complying with a
wide variety of national and local laws, including multiple and possibly overlapping and conflicting laws. We also may experience
difficulties adapting to new cultures, business customs and legal systems. Any sales and operations outside the United States would
be subject to political, economic and social uncertainties including, among others: 

changes and limits in import and export
controls;    

increases in custom duties and tariffs;    

changes in currency exchange rates;    

economic and political instability;    

changes in government regulations and
laws;    

absence in some jurisdictions of effective
laws to protect our intellectual property rights; and    

currency transfer and other restrictions
and regulations that may limit our ability to sell certain product candidates or repatriate profits to the United States.    

Any changes related to these and other
factors could adversely affect our business if and to the extent we enter markets outside the United States. Additionally, we have
entered into license agreements with Sigma-Tau S.p.A, Lee s Pharmaceutical Limited and GtreeBNT Co, Ltd. for the development
of certain of our product candidates in international markets. As a result, these development activities will be subject to compliance
in all respects with local laws and regulations and may be subject to many of the risks described above. 

43   

Governmental and third-party payors
may subject any product candidates we develop to sales and pharmaceutical pricing controls that could limit our product revenues
and delay profitability.   

The successful commercialization of our
product candidates, if they are approved by the FDA, will likely depend on our ability to obtain reimbursement for the cost of
the product and treatment. Government authorities, private health insurers and other organizations, such as health maintenance
organizations, are increasingly seeking to lower the prices charged for medical products and services. Also, the trend toward managed
health care in the United States, the growth of healthcare maintenance organizations, and recently enacted legislation reforming
healthcare and proposals to reform government insurance programs could have a significant influence on the purchase of healthcare
services and products, resulting in lower prices and reducing demand for our product candidates. The cost containment measures
that healthcare providers are instituting and any healthcare reform could reduce our ability to sell our product candidates and
may have a material adverse effect on our operations. We cannot assure you that reimbursement in the United States or foreign countries
will be available for any of our product candidates, and that any reimbursement granted will be maintained, or that limits on reimbursement
available from third-party payors will not reduce the demand for, or the price of, our product candidates. The lack or inadequacy
of third-party reimbursements for our product candidates would decrease the potential profitability of our operations. We cannot
forecast what additional legislation or regulation relating to the healthcare industry or third-party coverage and reimbursement
may be enacted in the future, or what effect the legislation or regulation would have on our business. 

We have no manufacturing or formulation
capabilities and are dependent upon third-party suppliers to provide us with our product candidates. If these suppliers do not
manufacture our product candidates in sufficient quantities, at acceptable quality levels and at acceptable cost, or if we are
unable to identify suitable replacement suppliers if needed, our clinical development efforts could be delayed, prevented or impaired.   

We do not own or operate manufacturing
facilities and have little experience in manufacturing pharmaceutical products. We currently rely, and expect to continue to rely,
primarily on peptide manufacturers to supply us with T 4 for further formulation into our product candidates. We have historically
engaged three separate smaller drug formulation contractors for the formulation of clinical grade product candidates, one for each
of our three product candidates in clinical development, although, as described in this report, the contractor we engaged to formulate
and vial RGN-352 has filed for bankruptcy and closed its manufacturing facility, and our clinical trial involving RGN-352 has been
placed on clinical hold. We currently do not have an alternative source of supply for either T 4 or the individual drug candidates.
If these suppliers, together or individually, are not able to supply us with either T 4 or individual product candidates
on a timely basis, in sufficient quantities, at acceptable levels of quality and at a competitive price, or if we are unable to
identify a replacement manufacturer to perform these functions on acceptable terms as needed, our development programs could be
seriously jeopardized. 

The clinical hold on our RGN-352 trial
will require us to have new material manufactured by a cGMP-compliant manufacturer in the event that we seek to resume this trial.
Significant preparatory time and procedures will be required before any new manufacturer would be able to manufacture RGN-352 for
the AMI trial, due to the time required for revalidation of processes and assays related to such production that were already in
place with the original manufacturer. Since we are unable to estimate the length of time that the trial will be on clinical hold,
we have elected to cease activities on this trial until the FDA clinical hold is resolved and the requisite funding might be secured. 

Other risks of relying solely on single
suppliers for each of our product candidates include: 

the possibility that our other manufacturers,
and any new manufacturer that we, or our partners, may identify for RGN-352, may not be able to ensure quality and compliance with
regulations relating to the manufacture of pharmaceuticals;    

their manufacturing capacity may not be
sufficient or available to produce the required quantities of our product candidates based on our planned clinical development
schedule, if at all;    

they may not have access to the capital
necessary to expand their manufacturing facilities in response to our needs;    

commissioning replacement suppliers would
be difficult and time-consuming;    

individual suppliers may have used substantial
proprietary know-how relating to the manufacture of our product candidates and, in the event we must find a replacement or supplemental
supplier, our ability to transfer this know-how to the new supplier could be an expensive and/or time-consuming process;    

an individual supplier may experience
events, such as a fire or natural disaster, that force it to stop or curtail production for an extended period;    

44   

an individual supplier could encounter
significant increases in labor, capital or other costs that would make it difficult for them to produce our products cost-effectively;
or    

an individual supplier may not be able
to obtain the raw materials or validated drug containers in sufficient quantities, at acceptable costs or in sufficient time to
complete the manufacture, formulation and delivery of our product candidates.    

Our suppliers may use hazardous and
biological materials in their businesses. Any claims relating to improper handling, storage or disposal of these materials could
be time-consuming and costly to us, and we are not insured against such claims.   

Our product candidates and processes involve
the controlled storage, use and disposal by our suppliers of certain hazardous and biological materials and waste products. We
and our suppliers and other collaborators are subject to federal, state and local regulations governing the use, manufacture, storage,
handling and disposal of materials and waste products. Even if we and these suppliers and collaborators comply with the standards
prescribed by law and regulation, the risk of accidental contamination or injury from hazardous materials cannot be completely
eliminated. In the event of an accident, we could be held liable for any damages that result, and we do not carry insurance for
this type of claim. We may also incur significant costs to comply with current or future environmental laws and regulations. 

We face the risk of product liability
claims, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition.   

We, or our partners, may be subject to
product liability claims as a result of our testing, manufacturing, and marketing of drugs. In addition, the use of our product
candidates, when and if developed and sold, will expose us to the risk of product liability claims. Product liability may result
from harm to patients using our product candidates, such as a complication that was either not communicated as a potential side
effect or was more extreme than anticipated. We require all patients enrolled in our clinical trials to sign consents, which explain
various risks involved with participating in the trial. However, patient consents provide only a limited level of protection, and
it may be alleged that the consent did not address or did not adequately address a risk that the patient suffered. Additionally,
we will generally be required to indemnify our clinical product manufacturers, clinical trial centers, medical professionals and
other parties conducting related activities in connection with losses they may incur through their involvement in the clinical
trials. 

Our ability to reduce our liability exposure
for human clinical trials and commercial sales, if any, of T 4 is dependent in part on our ability to obtain sufficient product
liability insurance or to collaborate with third parties that have adequate insurance. Although we intend to obtain and maintain
product liability insurance coverage if we gain approval to market any of our product candidates, we cannot guarantee that product
liability insurance will continue to be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all, or that its coverage will be sufficient
to cover all claims against us. A product liability claim, even one without merit or for which we have substantial coverage, could
result in significant legal defense costs, thereby potentially exposing us to expenses significantly in excess of our revenues,
as well as harm to our reputation and distraction of our management. 

If any of our key employees discontinue
their services with us, our efforts to develop our business may be delayed.    

We are highly dependent on the principal
members of our management team. The loss of our chairman and Chief Scientific Officer, Allan Goldstein, or chief executive officer,
J.J. Finkelstein could prevent or significantly delay the achievement of our goals. We cannot assure you that Dr. Goldstein or
Mr. Finkelstein, or any other key employees or consultants, will not elect to terminate their employment or consulting arrangements.
In addition, we do not maintain a key man life insurance policy with respect to any of our management personnel. In the future,
we anticipate that we will also need to add additional management and other personnel. Competition for qualified personnel in our
industry is intense, and our success will depend in part on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled personnel. We cannot
assure you that our efforts to attract or retain such personnel will be successful. 

45   

Mauro Bove, a member of our Board,
was also a director and officer of entities affiliated with Sigma-Tau and is a director of Lee s Pharmaceuticals, relationships
which could give rise to a conflict of interest for Mr. Bove.   

Mauro Bove is a member of our Board of
Directors, and, until March 31, 2014, was a director and officer of entities affiliated with Sigma-Tau, which collectively make
up our largest stockholder group. At this time Mr. Bove remains engaged with Sigma-Tau as a consultant. Sigma-Tau has subsequently
merged into Alfa Wassermann, S.p.A., an Italian pharmaceutical company. Sigma-Tau/Alfa Wassermann previously provided us with significant
funding and is also our strategic partner in Europe with respect to the development of certain of our drug candidates. We have
issued shares of common stock, convertible promissory notes and common stock warrants to Sigma-Tau and its affiliates in several
private placement financing transactions, including as recently as September 2013. We have licensed certain rights to our product
candidates generally for the treatment of dermal and internal wounds to Sigma-Tau/Alfa Wassermann. Under the license agreement,
upon the completion of a Phase 2 clinical trial of either of these product candidates that yields positive results in terms of
clinical efficacy and safety, Sigma-Tau/Alfa Wassermann is obligated to either make a $5 million milestone payment to us or
to initiate and fund a pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial of the product candidate. In 2009, we completed two Phase 2 clinical trials
of RGN-137, but these trials were not sufficient to trigger the milestone obligation. There can be no assurance that we will ever
receive this payment or be able to initiate a pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial of RGN-137 that would be funded by Sigma-Tau/Alfa
Wassermann. As a result of Mr. Bove s relationship with Sigma-Tau/Alfa Wassermann, there could be a conflict of interest
between Sigma-Tau/Alfa Wasserman and our other stockholders with respect to these and other agreements and circumstances that may
require the exercise of the Board s discretion with respect to Sigma-Tau/Alfa Wassermann. Any decision in the best interests
of Sigma-Tau/Alfa Wassermann may not be in the best interest of our other stockholders. 

Additionally, Mr. Bove is a non-executive
director of Lee s Pharmaceuticals, in which affiliates of Sigma-Tau have a significant equity interest. In July 2012, we
entered into a license agreement for T 4 in any pharmaceutical form, including our RGN-259, RGN-352 and RGN-137 product candidates
for development in China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan. There can be no assurance that we will ever receive any further payments
from Lee s under the agreement. As a result of Mr. Bove s relationship with Lee s and Sigma-Tau, Mr. Bove
may have interests that are different from our other stockholders in connection with these and other agreements and circumstances
that may require the exercise of the Board s discretion with respect to Lee s or Sigma-Tau. These conflicts could result
in decisions that are not in the best interest of our other stockholders. 

Risks Related To
Our Intellectual Property  

We are partially reliant on our license
from the National Institutes of Health for the rights to T 4, and any loss of these rights could adversely affect our business.   

We have received an exclusive worldwide
license to intellectual property discovered at the National Institutes of Health, or NIH, pertaining to the use of T 4 in
wound healing and tissue repair. The intellectual property rights from this license, along with independent patent applications
we have filed, as well as patents and patent applications under licenses we acquired, form the basis for our current commercial
development focus with T 4. The NIH license terminates upon the last to expire of the patent applications that are filed,
or any patents that may issue from such applications, in connection with the license. This license requires us to pay a minimum
annual royalty to the NIH, regardless of the success of our product development efforts, plus certain other royalties upon the
sale of products created by the intellectual property granted under the license. In 2013 we amended certain provisions of the exclusive
license; we were permitted to credit amounts paid to prosecute or maintain the licensed patent rights during the 2013 calendar
year against the 2013 minimum annual royalty of $25,000. Beginning in 2014 the minimum annual royalty is $2,000. While to date
we believe that we have complied with all requirements to maintain the license, the loss of this license could have an adverse
effect on our business and business prospects. 

46   

We may not be able to maintain broad
patent protection for our product candidates, which could limit the commercial potential of our product candidates.   

Our success will depend in part on our
ability to obtain, defend and enforce patents, both in the United States and abroad. We have attempted to create a substantial
intellectual property portfolio, submitting patent applications for various compositions of matter, methods of use and fragments
and derivatives of T 4. As described elsewhere in this report, we currently do not have adequate financial resources to fund
our ongoing business activities substantially beyond 12 months without additional funding. As a result of our current financial
condition, we continuously evaluate our issued patents and patent applications and may decide to limit their therapeutic and/or
geographic coverage in an effort to enhance our ability to focus on certain medical conditions and countries within our financial
constraints. As a result, we may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights in indications and/or territories that
we otherwise would, and, therefore, our ability to commercialize T 4, if at all, could be substantially limited, which could
have a material adverse impact on our future results of operations. 

If we, or our partners, are not able
to maintain adequate patent protection for our product candidates, we may be unable to prevent our competitors from using our technology
or technology that we license.   

Our success will depend in substantial
part on our, or our partners , abilities to obtain, defend and enforce patents, maintain trade secrets and operate without
infringing upon the proprietary rights of others, both in the United States and abroad. Pursuant to an exclusive worldwide license
from the NIH, we have exclusive rights to use T 4 in the treatment of non-healing wounds. While patents covering our use
of T 4 have issued in some countries, we cannot guarantee whether or when corresponding patents will be issued, or the scope
of any patents that may be issued, in other countries. We have attempted to create a substantial intellectual property portfolio,
submitting patent applications for various compositions of matter, methods of use and fragments and derivatives of T 4. We
have also in-licensed other intellectual property rights from third parties that could be subject to the same risks as our own
patents. If any of these patent applications do not issue, or do not issue in certain countries, or are not enforceable, the ability
to commercialize T 4 in various medical indications could be substantially limited or eliminated. 

In addition, the patent positions of the
products being developed by us and our collaborators involve complex legal and factual uncertainties. As a result, we cannot assure
you that any patent applications filed by us, or by others under which we have rights, will result in patents being issued in the
United States or foreign countries. In addition, there can be no assurance that any patents will be issued from any pending or
future patent applications of ours or our partners, that the scope of any patent protection will be sufficient to provide us with
competitive advantages, that any patents obtained by us or our partners will be held valid if subsequently challenged or that others
will not claim rights in or ownership of the patents and other proprietary rights we or our partners may hold. Unauthorized parties
may try to copy aspects of our product candidates and technologies or obtain and use information we consider proprietary. Policing
the unauthorized use of our proprietary rights is difficult. We cannot guarantee that no harm or threat will be made to our or
our partners  intellectual property. In addition, changes in, or different interpretations of, patent laws in the United
States and other countries may also adversely affect the scope of our patent protection and our competitive situation. 

Due to the significant time lag between
the filing of patent applications and the publication of such patents, we cannot be certain that our licensors were the first to
file the patent applications we license or, even if they were the first to file, also were the first to invent, particularly with
regards to patent rights in the United States. In addition, a number of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and research
and academic institutions have developed technologies, filed patent applications or received patents on various technologies that
may be related to our product candidates. Some of these technologies, applications or patents may conflict with our or our licensors 
technologies or patent applications. A conflict could limit the scope of the patents, if any, that we or our licensors may be able
to obtain or result in denial of our or our licensors  patent applications. If patents that cover our activities are issued
to other companies, we may not be able to develop or obtain alternative technology. 

47   

Additionally, there is certain subject
matter that is patentable in the United States but not generally patentable outside of the United States. Differences in what constitutes
patentable subject matter in various countries may limit the protection we can obtain outside of the United States. For example,
methods of treating humans are not patentable in many countries outside of the United States. These and other issues may prevent
us from obtaining patent protection outside of the United States, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Changes to U.S. patent laws could
materially reduce any value our patent portfolio may have.   

The value of our patents depends in part
on their duration. A shorter period of patent protection could lessen the value of our rights under any patents that may be obtained
and may decrease revenues derived from its patents. For example, the U.S. patent laws were previously amended to change the term
of patent protection from 17 years following patent issuance to 20 years from the earliest effective filing date of the
application. Because the time from filing to issuance of biotechnology applications may be more than three years depending on the
subject matter, a 20-year patent term from the filing date may result in substantially shorter patent protection. Future changes
to patent laws could shorten our period of patent exclusivity and may decrease the revenues that we might derive from the patents
and the value of our patent portfolio. 

We, or our partners, may not have
adequate protection for our unpatented proprietary information, which could adversely affect our competitive position.   

In addition to our patents, we, and our
partners, also rely on trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovations and licensing opportunities to develop and
maintain our competitive position. However, others may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and
techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or disclose our technology. To protect our trade secrets, we may enter
into confidentiality agreements with employees, consultants and potential collaborators. However, we may not have such agreements
in place with all such parties and, where we do, these agreements may not provide meaningful protection of our trade secrets or
adequate remedies in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of such information. Also, our trade secrets or know-how may become
known through other means or be independently discovered by our competitors. Any of these events could prevent us from developing
or commercializing our product candidates. 

We may be subject to claims that
we or our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of former employers.   

As is commonplace in the biotechnology
industry, we employ now, and may hire in the future, individuals who were previously employed at other biotechnology or pharmaceutical
companies, including competitors or potential competitors. Although there are no claims currently pending against us, we may be
subject to claims that we or certain employees have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary
information of former employers. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. Even if we are successful in defending
against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and would be a significant distraction to management. 

Risks Related To
Our Securities  

Our common stock price is volatile,
our stock is highly illiquid, and any investment in our securities could decline substantially in value.   

For the period from January 1, 2015
through November 11, 2016 the closing price of our common stock has ranged from $0.13 to $0.75, with an average daily trading volume
of approximately 66,000 shares. In light of our small size and limited resources, as well as the uncertainties and risks that can
affect our business and industry, our stock price is expected to continue to be highly volatile and can be subject to substantial
drops, with or even in the absence of news affecting our business. The following factors, in addition to the other risk factors
described in this report, and the potentially low volume of trades in our common stock since it is not listed on a national securities
exchange, may have a significant impact on the market price of our common stock, some of which are beyond our control: 

48   

results of pre-clinical studies and clinical
trials;    

commercial success of approved products;    

corporate partnerships;    

technological innovations by us or competitors;    

changes in laws and government regulations
both in the U.S. and overseas;    

changes in key personnel at our company;    

developments concerning proprietary rights,
including patents and litigation matters;    

public perception relating to the commercial
value or safety of any of our product candidates;    

other issuances of our common stock, or
securities convertible into or exercisable for our common stock, causing dilution;    

anticipated or unanticipated changes in
our financial performance;    

general trends related to the biopharmaceutical
and biotechnological industries; and    

general conditions in the stock market.    

The stock market in general has recently
experienced relatively large price and volume fluctuations. In particular, the market prices of securities of smaller biotechnology
companies have experienced dramatic fluctuations that often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating results of
these companies. Continued market fluctuations could result in extreme volatility in the price of our common stock, which could
cause a decline in its value. You should also be aware that price volatility may be worse if the trading volume of the common stock
remains limited or declines. 

Our principal stockholders have significant
voting power and may take actions that may not be in the best interests of our other stockholders.   

Our officers, directors and principal stockholders
together control approximately 49.8% of our outstanding common stock. Included in this group is Sigma-Tau (recently merged with
Alfa Wasserman S.p.A.) and its affiliates, which together hold outstanding shares representing approximately 28.1% of our outstanding
common stock and GtreeBNT which owns approximately 18.3% of our outstanding common stock. These stockholders also hold options,
warrants, convertible promissory notes and stock purchase rights that provide them with the right to acquire significantly more
shares of common stock. Accordingly, if these stockholders acted together they could control the outcome of all stockholder votes.
This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control and might adversely affect the
market price of our common stock, and therefore may not be in the best interest of our other stockholders. 

If securities or industry analysts
do not publish research or reports or publish unfavorable research about our business, the price of our common stock and other
securities and their trading volume could decline.   

The trading market for our common stock
and other securities will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our
business. We do not currently have and may never obtain research coverage by securities and industry analysts. If securities or
industry analysts do not commence or maintain coverage of us, the trading price for our common stock and other securities would
be negatively affected. In the event we obtain securities or industry analyst coverage, if one or more of the analysts who covers
us downgrades our securities, the price of our securities would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases to cover
us or fails to publish regular reports on us, interest in the purchase of our securities could decrease, which could cause the
price of our common stock and other securities and their trading volume to decline. 

49   

The exercise of options and warrants,
conversion of convertible promissory notes, and other issuances of shares of common stock or securities convertible into common
stock will dilute your interest.   

As of September 30, 2016, there were outstanding
options to purchase an aggregate of 7,616,211 shares of our common stock under our 2000 and 2010 incentive equity plans at exercise
prices ranging from $0.14 per share to $2.50 per share and outstanding warrants to purchase 5,804,412 shares of our common stock
at a weighted average exercise price of $0.48 per share. In addition to the outstanding options and warrants we have also issued
five series of convertible promissory notes which are presently convertible into an aggregate of 13,683,333 shares of our common
stock. In October 2012, we sold convertible promissory notes totaling $300,000 that are convertible into 2,000,000 shares of common
stock at a conversion price of $0.15 per share. In October 2014 the maturity date of these notes was extended for an additional
three years. In 2013, we sold three additional series of convertible promissory notes, which notes totaled $646,000 and are initially
convertible into 10,766,667 shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.06 per share. In January 2014, we sold a fifth series
of convertible promissory notes, which notes totaled $55,000 and are initially convertible into 916,667 shares of common stock
at a conversion price of $0.06 per share. The notes issued in 2013 and January 2014 contain down round provisions under which the
conversion prices of these notes could be decreased as a result of future equity offerings below the conversion price of the notes.
The exercise of options and warrants or note conversions at prices below the market price of our common stock could adversely affect
the price of shares of our common stock. Additional dilution may result from the issuance of shares of our capital stock in connection
with collaborations or manufacturing arrangements or in connection with other financing efforts. 

Any issuance of our common stock that is
not made solely to then-existing stockholders proportionate to their interests, such as in the case of a stock dividend or stock
split, will result in dilution to each stockholder by reducing his, her or its percentage ownership of the total outstanding shares.
Moreover, if we issue options or warrants to purchase our common stock in the future and those options or warrants are exercised
or we issue restricted stock, stockholders may experience further dilution. Holders of shares of our common stock have no preemptive
rights that entitle them to purchase their pro rata share of any offering of shares of any class or series. 

In addition, most of the outstanding warrants
to purchase shares of our common stock have an exercise price above the current market price for our common stock. As a result,
these warrants may not be exercised prior to their expiration, in which case we would not realize any proceeds from their exercise. 

Our certificate of incorporation
and Delaware law contain provisions that could discourage or prevent a takeover or other change in control, even if such a transaction
would be beneficial to our stockholders, which could affect our stock price adversely and prevent attempts by our stockholders
to replace or remove our current management.   

Our certificate of incorporation provides
our Board with the power to issue shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval. In addition, we are subject to the anti-takeover
provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. Subject to specified exceptions, this section provides
that a corporation may not engage in any business combination with any interested stockholder, as defined in that statute, during
the three-year period following the time that such stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. This provision could also have
the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of our company. The foregoing factors could reduce the price that investors
or an acquirer might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. 

50   

We may become involved in securities
class action litigation that could divert management s attention and harm our business and our insurance coverage may not
be sufficient to cover all costs and damages.   

The
stock market has from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market prices for
the common stock of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. These broad market fluctuations may cause the market price of our
common stock to decline. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a particular company s securities,
securities class action litigation has often been brought against that company. We may become involved in this type of litigation
in the future. Litigation often is expensive and diverts management s attention and resources, which could hurt our business,
operating results and financial condition.  

Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

None 

Item 3.  Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

None. 

Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures   

Not applicable. 

Item 5.  Other Information   

None.  

51   

Item 6.  Exhibits   

*   Filed
herewith.  

**  Furnished herewith. 

52   

Signatures   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

RegeneRx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.    

(Registrant)   

Date:   November 14, 2016   
         
      /s/J.J. Finkelstein   

J.J. Finkelstein   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

(On Behalf of the Registrant)   

53   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452342_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION   

I, J.J. Finkelstein certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of RegeneRx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the condensed financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of,
and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
condensed financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation;   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:  November 14, 2016  

/s/J.J. Finkelstein   

J.J. Finkelstein   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 v452342_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of RegeneRx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ),
I, J.J. Finkelstein, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and result of operations of the Company as of and for the periods presented in the Report.   

This certification accompanies this Report
to which it relates, shall not be deemed  filed  with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated
by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Report), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained
in such filing. 

Date:  November 14, 2016  

/s/J.J. Finkelstein   

J.J. Finkelstein   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 rgrx-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 rgrx-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 rgrx-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 rgrx-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 rgrx-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 rgrx-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

