<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_819913_0001144204-16-132083_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8421683</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>114948</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>337620</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2218089</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3820595</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1815910</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>75</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-132083.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107162409
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-132083
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HALLMARK FINANCIAL SERVICES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000819913
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INSURANCE CARRIERS, NEC [6399]
		IRS NUMBER:				870447375
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11252
		FILM NUMBER:		161978414

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		777 MAIN STREET, SUITE 1000
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8173481600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		777 MAIN STREET
		STREET 2:		STE 1000
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76102

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ACOI INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERICAN CREDIT OPTICAL INC /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19910611

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PYRAMID GROWTH INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19890124

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-132083.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 v451013_10-q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES   

SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

Quarterly report pursuant to Section 13
or 15(d) of the 

  Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 

Commission file number 001-11252 

Hallmark Financial Services, Inc.  

(Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Nevada  
       
     87-0447375 

(State or other jurisdiction of  Incorporation or organization)  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer  
Identification No.)  

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (817) 348-1600 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes  x   No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate
Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post
such files).  Yes   x   No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer       
      Accelerated filer   x    
 
      Non-accelerated filer       
      Smaller reporting company        

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act). Yes       No   x  

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest
practicable date: Common Stock, par value $.18 per share   18,611,982 shares outstanding as of November 7, 2016. 

PART I 

  FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  Financial Statements  

Hallmark Financial Services, Inc. and
Subsidiaries  

  Consolidated Balance Sheets  

 ($ in thousands, except par value) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements 

Hallmark Financial Services, Inc. and
Subsidiaries  

  Consolidated Statements of Operations  

 (Unaudited) 

 ($ in thousands, except per share amounts) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements 

Hallmark Financial Services, Inc. and
Subsidiaries  

  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income   

 (Unaudited) 

 ($ in thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements 

Hallmark Financial Services, Inc. and
Subsidiaries  

  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders 
Equity  

 (Unaudited) 

 ($ in thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements 

Hallmark Financial Services, Inc. and
Subsidiaries  

  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  

 (Unaudited) 

 ($ in thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements 

Hallmark Financial Services, Inc. and
Subsidiaries  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)  

Hallmark Financial
Services, Inc. ( Hallmark  and, together with subsidiaries,  we,   us  or  our )
is an insurance holding company engaged in the sale of property/casualty insurance products to businesses and individuals. Our
business involves marketing, distributing, underwriting and servicing our insurance products, as well as providing other insurance
related services. 

We pursue our business
activities primarily through subsidiaries whose operations are organized into product-specific operating units that are supported
by our insurance company subsidiaries. Our MGA Commercial Products operating unit offers commercial insurance products and services
in the excess and surplus lines market. Our Specialty Commercial operating unit offers general aviation and satellite launch insurance
products and services, low and middle market commercial umbrella and primary/excess liability insurance, medical professional liability
insurance products and services, and primary/excess commercial property coverages for both catastrophe and non-catastrophe exposures.
Our Standard Commercial P C operating unit offers industry-specific commercial insurance products and services in the standard
market. Our Workers Compensation operating unit specializes in small and middle market workers compensation business. Effective
July 1, 2015, this operating unit no longer markets or retains any risk on new or renewal policies. Our Specialty Personal Lines
operating unit offers non-standard personal automobile and renters insurance products and services. Our insurance company subsidiaries
supporting these operating units are American Hallmark Insurance Company of Texas ( AHIC ), Hallmark Insurance Company
( HIC ), Hallmark Specialty Insurance Company ( HSIC ), Hallmark County Mutual Insurance Company, Hallmark
National Insurance Company and Texas Builders Insurance Company. 

These operating units
are segregated into three reportable industry segments for financial accounting purposes. The Specialty Commercial Segment includes
our MGA Commercial Products operating unit and our Specialty Commercial operating unit. The Standard Commercial Segment includes
our Standard Commercial P C operating unit and our Workers Compensation operating unit. The Personal Segment consists solely
of our Specialty Personal Lines operating unit. 

2.    Basis of Presentation  

Our unaudited consolidated
financial statements included herein have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP )
and include our accounts and the accounts of our subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been
eliminated in consolidation. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in
accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
( SEC ) for interim financial reporting. These unaudited consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction
with our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K
filed with the SEC. 

The interim financial
data as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 is unaudited. However, in the opinion of management, the interim data includes all adjustments,
consisting of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair statement of the results for the interim periods. The results
of operations for the period ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the operating results to be expected for
the full year. 

Business Combinations    

We
account for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC )
805,  Business Combinations.  The base cash purchase price plus the estimated fair value of any non-cash or contingent
consideration given for an acquired business is allocated to the assets acquired (including identified intangible assets) and liabilities
assumed based on the estimated fair values of such assets and liabilities. The excess of the fair value of the total consideration
given for an acquired business over the aggregate net fair values assigned to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded
as goodwill. Contingent consideration is recognized as a liability at fair value as of the acquisition date with subsequent fair
value adjustments recorded in the consolidated statements of operations. The valuation of contingent consideration requires assumptions
regarding anticipated cash flows, probabilities of cash flows, discount rates and other factors. Significant judgment is employed
in determining the propriety of these assumptions as of the acquisition date and for each subsequent period. Accordingly, future
business and economic conditions, as well as changes in any of the assumptions, can materially impact the amount of contingent
consideration expense we record in any given period. Indirect and general expenses related to business combinations are expensed
as incurred.  

Income Taxes    

We file a consolidated
federal income tax return. Deferred federal income taxes reflect the future tax consequences of differences between the tax basis
of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts at each year end. Deferred taxes are recognized using the liability
method, whereby tax rates are applied to cumulative temporary differences based on when and how they are expected to affect the
tax return. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for tax rate changes in effect for the year in which these temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. 

Use of Estimates in the Preparation
of the Financial Statements    

Our preparation of
financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect our reported amounts of
assets and liabilities and our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our consolidated financial statements,
as well as our reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Refer to  Critical Accounting Estimates
and Judgments  under Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 for information on accounting
policies that we consider critical in preparing our consolidated financial statements. Actual results could differ materially from
those estimates. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

Fair value estimates
are made at a point in time based on relevant market data as well as the best information available about the financial instruments.
Fair value estimates for financial instruments for which no or limited observable market data is available are based on judgments
regarding current economic conditions, credit and interest rate risk. These estimates involve significant uncertainties and judgments
and cannot be determined with precision. As a result, such calculated fair value estimates may not be realizable in a current sale
or immediate settlement of the instrument. In addition, changes in the underlying assumptions used in the fair value measurement
technique, including discount rate and estimates of future cash flows, could significantly affect these fair value estimates. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents :
The carrying amounts reported in the balance sheet for these instruments approximate their fair values. 

Restricted Cash :
The carrying amount for restricted cash reported in the balance sheet approximates the fair value. 

Revolving Credit
Facility Payable : A revolving credit facility with Frost Bank had a carried value of $30.0 million and a fair value of $30.2
million as of September 30, 2016.  The fair value is based on discounted cash flows using a discount rate derived from LIBOR
spot rates plus a market spread resulting in discount rates ranging between 3.3% to 3.7% for each future payment date.  This
revolving credit facility would be included in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy if it was reported at fair value. 

Subordinated Debt
Securities : Our trust preferred securities have a carried value of $55.7 million and a fair value of $39.7 million as of September
30, 2016. The fair value of our trust preferred securities is based on discounted cash flows using a current yield to maturity
of 8.0%, which is based on similar issues to discount future cash flows. Our trust preferred securities would be included in Level
3 of the fair value hierarchy if they were reported at fair value. 

For reinsurance balances,
premiums receivable, federal income tax payable, other assets and other liabilities, the carrying amounts approximate fair value
because of the short maturity of such financial instruments. 

Variable Interest Entities    

On June 21, 2005, we
formed Hallmark Statutory Trust I ( Trust I ), an unconsolidated trust subsidiary, for the sole purpose of issuing
$30.0 million in trust preferred securities. Trust I used the proceeds from the sale of these securities and our initial capital
contribution to purchase $30.9 million of subordinated debt securities from Hallmark. The debt securities are the sole assets of
Trust I, and the payments under the debt securities are the sole revenues of Trust I. 

On August 23, 2007,
we formed Hallmark Statutory Trust II ( Trust II ), an unconsolidated trust subsidiary, for the sole purpose of issuing
$25.0 million in trust preferred securities. Trust II used the proceeds from the sale of these securities and our initial capital
contribution to purchase $25.8 million of subordinated debt securities from Hallmark. The debt securities are the sole assets of
Trust II, and the payments under the debt securities are the sole revenues of Trust II. 

We evaluate on an ongoing
basis our investments in Trust I and Trust II (collectively the  Trusts ) and have determined that we do not have a
variable interest in the Trusts.  Therefore, the Trusts are not included in our consolidated financial statements. 

We are also involved
in the normal course of business with variable interest entities ( VIE s ) primarily as a passive investor in
mortgage-backed securities and certain collateralized corporate bank loans issued by third party VIE s. The maximum exposure
to loss with respect to these investments is the investment carrying values included in the consolidated balance sheets. 

New Accounting Pronouncements    

In May 2014, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued guidance which revises the criteria for revenue recognition. Insurance contracts
are excluded from the scope of the new guidance. Under the guidance, the transaction price is attributed to underlying performance
obligations in the contract and revenue is recognized as the entity satisfies the performance obligations and transfers control
of a good or service to the customer. Incremental costs of obtaining a contract may be capitalized to the extent the entity expects
to recover those costs. The guidance is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and is to be applied
retrospectively. We are in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption, which is not expected to be material to our results
of operations or financial position. 

In February 2015, the
FASB issued ASU 2015-02,  Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis  (Topic 810). ASU 2015-02 changes the analysis that
a reporting entity must perform to determine whether entities should be consolidated if they are deemed variable interest entities.
It is effective for annual reporting periods, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2015. We have
adopted this standard as of the effective date, and the adoption did not impact our financial statements. 

In May 2015, the FASB
issued guidance which requires additional disclosures about short-duration contracts for products in effect for typically a year
or less. The disclosures will focus on the liability for unpaid claims and claim adjustment expenses. This guidance is effective
for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016.
We are in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption, which is not expected to be material to our results of operations
or financial position. 

In April 2015, the
FASB issued ASU 2015-03,  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs,  which amends the guidance in Accounting
Standards Codification Topic 835-30  Interest-Imputation of Interest.  ASU 2015-03 requires that debt issuance costs
related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that
debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. For public business entities, the guidance was effective for annual and interim
periods beginning after December 15, 2015. We adopted this guidance effective January 1, 2016 and adjusted our prior period balances
to reflect the adoption of this guidance. 

3.    Acquisitions, Dispositions and Business Combinations  

During the third quarter
of 2015 we paid $1.2 million to the sellers of the subsidiaries comprising our Workers Compensation operating unit pursuant to
the terms of the acquisition agreement. The sellers disputed the calculation of the amount paid and, pursuant to the terms of the
acquisition agreement, an independent actuary was engaged to resolve this matter. In accordance with the report of the independent
actuary, we accrued during the second quarter of 2016 and paid during the third quarter of 2016 an additional $1.8 million to the
sellers. 

On June 30, 2015, Redpoint
Comp Holdings LLC ( Purchaser ) acquired exclusive renewal rights to our current in-force Texas workers compensation
policies, together with certain physical assets associated with the administration of such in-force policies. In consideration
for such renewal rights and physical assets, Purchaser assumed certain office lease obligations and offered employment to certain
of our employees associated with the Workers Compensation operating unit. Purchaser also agreed to administer the run-off of all
of our current workers compensation policies and claims for a period of three years. In connection with the transaction, we made
a one-time payment to the Purchaser of $83,000. We also agreed not to compete in the workers compensation line of insurance in
the State of Texas (with certain exceptions) until after the assumed office lease obligations expire on October 31, 2017. We recorded
a gain of $0.2 million during the second quarter of 2015 in connection with the transaction. 

On September 15, 2015,
we executed Amendment No. 1 to the sale agreement with the Purchaser. Pursuant to the Amendment, the Purchaser agreed to pay us
$115,000 and administer the run-off of all of our workers compensation policies and claims in perpetuity or through final conclusion
(rather than for three years as contemplated by the original agreement) in consideration of us assigning to Purchaser the commission
on all unearned premiums on such policies as of July 1, 2015. We recorded an additional gain of $0.4 million during the third quarter
of 2015 as a result of this Amendment No.1. 

4.    Fair Value  

ASC
820 defines fair value, establishes a consistent framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosure requirements about fair
value measurements. ASC 820, among other things, requires us to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable
inputs when measuring fair value. In addition, ASC 820 precludes the use of block discounts when measuring the fair value of instruments
traded in an active market, which were previously applied to large holdings of publicly traded equity securities. 

We determine the fair
value of our financial instruments based on the fair value hierarchy established in ASC 820. In accordance with ASC 820, we utilize
the following fair value hierarchy: 

Level 1: quoted prices in active markets for identical assets;   

Level 2: inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities
in active markets, inputs of identical assets for less active markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability,
either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the instrument; and   

Level 3: inputs to the valuation methodology that are unobservable for the asset or liability.   

This hierarchy requires
the use of observable market data when available. 

Under ASC 820, we determine
fair value based on the price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants on the measurement date. It is our policy to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of
unobservable inputs when developing fair value measurements, in accordance with the fair value hierarchy described above. Fair
value measurements for assets and liabilities where there exists limited or no observable market data are calculated based upon
our pricing policy, the economic and competitive environment, the characteristics of the asset or liability and other factors as
appropriate. These estimated fair values may not be realized upon actual sale or immediate settlement of the asset or liability. 

Where quoted prices
are available on active exchanges for identical instruments, investment securities are classified within Level 1 of the valuation
hierarchy. Level 1 investment securities include common and preferred stock. 

Level 2 investment
securities include corporate bonds, collateralized corporate bank loans, municipal bonds, and U.S. Treasury securities for which
quoted prices are not available on active exchanges for identical instruments. We use third party pricing services to determine
fair values for each Level 2 investment security in all asset classes. Since quoted prices in active markets for identical assets
are not available, these prices are determined using observable market information such as quotes from less active markets and/or
quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics, among other things. We have reviewed the processes used by the pricing
services and have determined that they result in fair values consistent with the requirements of ASC 820 for Level 2 investment
securities. We have not adjusted any prices received from the third party pricing services. 

In cases where there
is limited activity or less transparency around inputs to the valuation, investment securities are classified within Level 3 of
the valuation hierarchy. Level 3 investments are valued based on the best available data in order to approximate fair value. This
data may be internally developed and consider risk premiums that a market participant would require. Investment securities classified
within Level 3 include other less liquid investment securities. 

There were no transfers
between Level 1 and Level 2 securities during the periods presented. 

The following table presents for each of
the fair value hierarchy levels, our assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015 (in thousands): 

Due to significant
unobservable inputs into the valuation model for certain municipal bonds in illiquid markets, as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, and one equity security as of September 30, 2016, we classified these investments as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.
We used an income approach in order to derive an estimated fair value of the municipal bonds classified as Level 3, which included
inputs such as expected holding period, benchmark swap rate, benchmark discount rate and a discount rate premium for illiquidity.
Changes in the unobservable inputs in the fair value measurement of these municipal bonds or equity security could result in a
significant change in the fair value measurement. 

The following table
summarizes the changes in fair value for all financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable
inputs (Level 3) during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands): 

5.    Investments  

The amortized cost
and estimated fair value of investments in debt and equity securities by category is as follows (in thousands): 

Major categories of
net realized gains (losses) on investments are summarized as follows (in thousands): 

We realized gross
gains on investments of $1.4 million and $76 thousand during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively,
and $2.1 million and $6.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  We realized gross
losses on investments of $0.3 million and $48 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and
$0.5 million and $0.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We recorded proceeds from the
sale of investment securities of $5.4 million and $0.8 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively,
and $21.3 million and $17.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Realized investment gains
and losses are recognized in operations on the specific identification method. 

The following schedules
summarize the gross unrealized losses showing the length of time that investments have been continuously in an unrealized loss
position as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (in thousands): 

At September 30, 2016,
the gross unrealized losses more than twelve months old were attributable to 33 debt security positions and one equity position.
At December 31, 2015, the gross unrealized losses more than twelve months old were attributable to 39 debt security positions.
We consider these losses as a temporary decline in value as they are predominately on bonds that we do not intend to sell and do
not believe we will be required to sell prior to recovery of our amortized cost basis. We see no other indications that the decline
in values of these securities is other-than-temporary. We recognized $2.9 million of other-than-temporary impairments for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 related to six municipal bond securities and two bank loans in the energy sector. 

We complete a detailed
analysis each quarter to assess whether any decline in the fair value of any investment below cost is deemed other-than-temporary.
All securities with an unrealized loss are reviewed. We recognize an impairment loss when an investment's value declines below
cost, adjusted for accretion, amortization and previous other-than-temporary impairments, and it is determined that the decline
is other-than-temporary. 

Debt Investments  :    We
assess whether we intend to sell, or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell, a fixed maturity investment before
recovery of its amortized cost basis less any current period credit losses.  For fixed maturity investments that are
considered other-than-temporarily impaired and that we do not intend to sell and will not be required to sell, we separate the
amount of the impairment into the amount that is credit related (credit loss component) and the amount due to all other factors.  The
credit loss component is recognized in earnings and is the difference between the investment s amortized cost basis and the
present value of its expected future cash flows.  The remaining difference between the investment s fair value
and the present value of future expected cash flows is recognized in other comprehensive income. 

Equity Investments  :   Some
of the factors considered in evaluating whether a decline in fair value for an equity investment is other-than-temporary include:
(1) our ability and intent to retain the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for an anticipated recovery in
value; (2) the recoverability of cost; (3) the length of time and extent to which the fair value has been less than cost;
and (4) the financial condition and near-term and long-term prospects for the issuer, including the relevant industry conditions
and trends, and implications of rating agency actions and offering prices. When it is determined that an equity investment is other-than-temporarily
impaired, the security is written down to fair value, and the amount of the impairment is included in earnings as a realized investment
loss. The fair value then becomes the new cost basis of the investment, and any subsequent recoveries in fair value are recognized
at disposition. We recognize a realized loss when impairment is deemed to be other-than-temporary even if a decision to sell an
equity investment has not been made. When we decide to sell a temporarily impaired available-for-sale equity investment and we
do not expect the fair value of the equity investment to fully recover prior to the expected time of sale, the investment is deemed
to be other-than-temporarily impaired in the period in which the decision to sell is made. 

The amortized cost
and estimated fair value of debt securities at September 30, 2016 by contractual maturity are as follows. Expected maturities may
differ from contractual maturities because certain borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without penalties. 

6.    Pledged Investments  

We have pledged certain
of our securities for the benefit of various state insurance departments and reinsurers. These securities are included with our
available-for-sale debt securities because we have the ability to trade these securities. We retain the interest earned on these
securities. These securities had a carrying value of $21.2 million and $17.6 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively. 

7.    Reserves for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses  

We recorded $2.0 million
of unfavorable prior years  net loss development during the three months ended September 30, 2016. We recorded $0.8 million
of favorable prior years  net loss development during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. For the year to date, the
$0.8 million of net favorable development was attributable to $8.6 million net favorable development on claims incurred in the
2015 accident year, $0.2 million net favorable development on claims incurred in the 2012 accident year, $1.0 million net favorable
development on claims incurred in the 2011 accident year and $0.8 million net favorable development on claims incurred in the 2010
accident year, partially offset by $2.8 million net unfavorable development on claims incurred during the 2014 accident year, $5.7
million net unfavorable development on claims incurred during the 2013 accident year and $1.3 million net unfavorable development
on claims incurred in the 2009 and prior accident years. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, our Standard Commercial
P C operating unit accounted for $3.3 million of the net favorable development, our Workers Compensation operating unit accounted
for $3.0 million of the net favorable development, and our Specialty Commercial operating unit accounted for $0.4 million of the
net favorable development. These favorable developments were partially offset by net unfavorable development of $3.6 million in
our Specialty Personal Lines operating unit and $2.3 million of net unfavorable development in our MGA Commercial Products operating
unit. 

The net favorable development
for our Standard Commercial P C operating unit of $3.3 million was driven primarily by net favorable claims development in
our general liability line of business in the 2015 and prior accident years, partially offset by net unfavorable claims development
in our occupational accident line of business in the 2015, 2014 and 2013 accident years. The net favorable development of $3.0
million for our Workers Compensation operating unit was attributable to the 2015 and prior accident years. The net favorable development
of $0.4 million in our Specialty Commercial operating unit consisted of $0.2 million of net favorable development in our general
aviation line of business, $0.1 million of net favorable development in our commercial excess liability line of business and $0.1
million of net favorable development in our medical professional liability line of business. The net unfavorable development for
our Specialty Personal Lines operating unit of $3.6 million was mostly attributable to the 2015, 2014 and 2013 accident years.
The net unfavorable development of $2.3 million in our MGA Commercial Products operating unit was primarily driven by net unfavorable
development in our commercial auto liability and general liability lines of business in the 2014, 2013, 2012, 2009 and prior accident
years, partially offset by net favorable development in the 2015, 2011 and 2010 accident years. 

We recorded $3.1 million
of favorable prior years  net loss development during the three months ended September 30, 2015. We recorded $4.6 million
of favorable prior years  net loss development during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. For the year to date, the
$4.6 million of net favorable development was attributable to $4.0 million net favorable development on claims incurred in the
2014 accident year and $2.1 million net favorable development on claims incurred during the 2011 and prior accident years, partially
offset by $0.5 million net unfavorable development on claims incurred in the 2013 accident year and $1.0 million net unfavorable
development on claims incurred in the 2012 accident year. During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, our Standard Commercial
P C operating unit accounted for $4.0 million of the net favorable development, our Workers Compensation operating unit accounted
for $0.8 million of the net favorable development, our MGA Commercial Products operating unit accounted for $0.5 million of the
net favorable development and our Specialty Commercial operating unit accounted for $1.3 million of the net favorable development.
These favorable developments were partially offset by net unfavorable development of $2.0 million in our Specialty Personal Lines
operating unit. 

The net favorable development
for our Standard Commercial P C operating unit of $4.0 million was driven primarily by our general liability and commercial
property lines of business in the 2014 and prior accident years. The net favorable development of $0.8 million for our Workers
Compensation operating unit was primarily attributable to the 2014 through 2011 accident years. The net favorable development of
$0.5 million in our MGA Commercial Products operating unit was primarily driven by net favorable development in our commercial
auto liability and general liability lines of business. The net favorable development of $1.3 million in our Specialty Commercial
operating unit consisted of $0.3 million of net favorable development in our commercial excess liability line of business, $0.3
million in our professional medical liability products and $0.7 million of net favorable development in our general aviation line
of business. The net unfavorable development of $2.0 million in our Specialty Personal Lines operating unit was primarily attributable
to the 2014 and prior accident years. 

8.    Share-Based Payment Arrangements  

Our 2005 Long Term
Incentive Plan ( 2005 LTIP ) is a stock compensation plan for key employees and non-employee directors that was initially
approved by the shareholders on May 26, 2005 and expired by its terms on May 27, 2015. As of September 30, 2016, there were outstanding
incentive stock options to purchase 447,574 shares of our common stock, non-qualified stock options to purchase 289,157 shares
of our common stock and restricted stock units representing the right to receive up to 156,404 shares of our common stock. The
exercise price of all such outstanding stock options is equal to the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant. 

Our 2015 Long Term
Incentive Plan ( 2015 LTIP ) was approved by shareholders on May 29, 2015. There are 2,000,000 shares authorized for
issuance under the 2015 LTIP. As of September 30, 2016, restricted stock units representing the right to receive up to 319,572
shares of our common stock were outstanding under the 2015 LTIP. There were no stock option awards granted under the 2015 LTIP
as of September 30, 2016. 

Stock Options:   

Incentive stock options
granted under the 2005 LTIP prior to 2009 vest 10%, 20%, 30% and 40% on the first, second, third and fourth anniversary dates of
the grant, respectively, and terminate five to ten years from the date of grant. Incentive stock options granted in 2009 vest in
equal annual increments on each of the first seven anniversary dates and terminate ten years from the date of grant. One grant
of 25,000 incentive stock options in 2010 vests in equal annual increments on each of the first three anniversary dates and terminates
ten years from the date of grant. Non-qualified stock options granted under the 2005 LTIP generally vest 100% six months after
the date of grant and terminate ten years from the date of grant. One grant of 200,000 non-qualified stock options in 2009 vests
in equal annual increments on each of the first seven anniversary dates and terminates ten years from the date of grant. 

A summary of the status
of our stock options as of September 30, 2016 and changes during the nine months then ended is presented below: 

The following table
details the intrinsic value of options exercised, total cost of share-based payments charged against income before income tax benefit
and the amount of related income tax benefit recognized in income for the periods indicated (in thousands): 

As of September 30,
2016, there was no unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options granted under our plans which is expected
to be recognized in the future. 

The fair value of each
stock option granted is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Expected volatilities are
based on the historical volatility of Hallmark s and similar companies  common stock for a period equal to the expected
term. The risk-free interest rates for periods within the contractual term of the options are based on rates for U.S. Treasury
Notes with maturity dates corresponding to the options  expected lives on the dates of grant. Expected term is determined
based on the simplified method as we do not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a basis for estimating the expected
term. There were no stock options granted during the first nine months of 2016 or 2015. 

Restricted Stock Units:   

The 2005 LTIP was amended
by the stockholders on May 30, 2013 to authorize the grant of restricted stock units, in addition to the other types of awards
available thereunder. Restricted stock units awarded under the 2005 LTIP represent the right to receive shares of common stock
upon the satisfaction of vesting requirements, performance criteria and other terms and conditions. On July 27, 2012 and April
10, 2013, an aggregate of 129,463 and 122,823 restricted stock units, respectively, were conditionally granted to certain of our
employees subject to shareholder approval of the amendments to the 2005 LTIP at the May 30, 2013 shareholder meeting. One conditional
grant of 9,280 restricted stock units was forfeited prior to approval at the shareholder meeting. Subsequently on September 8,
2014, an aggregate of 175,983 restricted stock units were granted to certain employees. On May 29, 2015, an aggregate of 103,351
restricted stock units were granted to certain employees under the 2015 LTIP. Subsequently on July 22, 2016, an aggregate of 122,770
restricted stock units were granted to certain employees under the 2015 LTIP. 

The performance criteria
for all restricted stock units require that we achieve certain compound average annual growth rates in book value per share over
the vesting period in order to receive shares of common stock in amounts ranging from 50% to 150% of the number of restricted stock
units granted. In addition, certain restricted stock units contain an additional performance criteria related to the attainment
of an average combined ratio percentage over the vesting period. Grantees of restricted stock units do not have any rights of a
stockholder, and do not participate in any distributions to our common stockholders, until the award fully vests upon satisfaction
of the vesting schedule, performance criteria and other conditions set forth in their award agreement. Therefore, unvested restricted
stock units are not considered participating securities under ASC 260,  Earnings Per Share,  and are not included in
the calculation of basic or diluted earnings per share. 

On April 1, 2015, 8,616
shares of common stock were issued with respect to 8,616 restricted stock units which were granted on July 27, 2012 and vested
on March 31, 2015. On April 1, 2016, 7,144 shares of common stock were issued with respect to 7,144 restricted stock units which
were granted on April 10, 2013 and vested on March 31, 2016. If and to the extent specified performance criteria have been achieved,
the restricted stock units granted on September 8, 2014 (except for one grant) will vest on March 31, 2017, one grant of restricted
stock units granted on September 8, 2014 will vest on March 31, 2018, the restricted stock units granted on May 29, 2015 will vest
on March 31, 2018 and the restricted stock units granted on July 22, 2016 will vest on March 31, 2019. 

Compensation cost is
measured as an amount equal to the fair value of the restricted stock units on the date of grant and is expensed over the vesting
period if achievement of the performance criteria is deemed probable, with the amount of the expense recognized based on our best
estimate of the ultimate achievement level. The grant date fair value of the restricted stock units granted in 2012 and 2013 is
$9.20 per unit. The grant date fair value of the restricted stock units granted in 2014 is $9.66 per unit. The grant date fair
value of the restricted stock units granted in 2015 is $11.10 per unit. The grant date fair value of the restricted stock units
granted in 2016 is $11.41 per unit. We incurred compensation (benefit) expense of ($249) thousand and ($59) thousand related to
restricted stock units during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. We incurred compensation (benefit) expense of
($49) thousand and $408 thousand related to restricted stock units during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. We
recorded income tax (expense) benefit of ($88) thousand and ($21) thousand related to restricted stock units during the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016. We recorded income tax (expense) benefit of ($17) thousand and $143 thousand related to restricted
stock units during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

A summary of the status
of our restricted stock units as of September 30, 2016 and changes during the nine months then ended is presented below: 

As of September 30,
2016, there was $1.4 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock units granted under our
2005 LTIP and 2015 LTIP, of which $0.2 million is expected to be recognized during the remainder of 2016, $0.6 million is expected
to be recognized in 2017, $0.5 million is expected to be recognized in 2018 and $0.1 million is expected to be recognized in 2019. 

9.    Segment Information  

The following is business
segment information for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands): 

The following is additional business segment
information as of the dates indicated (in thousands): 

We reinsure a portion
of the risk we underwrite in order to control the exposure to losses and to protect capital resources. We cede to reinsurers a
portion of these risks and pay premiums based upon the risk and exposure of the policies subject to such reinsurance. Ceded reinsurance
involves credit risk and is generally subject to aggregate loss limits. Although the reinsurer is liable to us to the extent of
the reinsurance ceded, we are ultimately liable as the direct insurer on all risks reinsured. Reinsurance recoverables are reported
after allowances for uncollectible amounts. We monitor the financial condition of reinsurers on an ongoing basis and review our
reinsurance arrangements periodically. Reinsurers are selected based on their financial condition, business practices and the price
of their product offerings. In order to mitigate credit risk to reinsurance companies, most of our reinsurance recoverable balance
as of September 30, 2016 was with reinsurers that had an A.M. Best rating of  A   or better. 

The following table shows earned premiums
ceded and reinsurance loss recoveries by period (in thousands): 

11.    Revolving Credit Facility  

Our Second
Restated Credit Agreement with Frost Bank ( Frost ) dated June 30, 2015, reinstated the credit facility with Frost
which expired by its terms on April 30, 2015. The Second Restated Credit Agreement also amended certain provisions of the credit
facility and restated the agreement with Frost in its entirety.  The Second Restated Credit Agreement provides a $15.0
million revolving credit facility ( Facility A ), with a $5.0 million letter of credit sub-facility. The outstanding
balance of the Facility A bears interest at a rate equal to the prime rate or LIBOR plus 2.5%, at our election. We pay an
annual fee of 0.25% of the average daily unused balance of Facility A and letter of credit fees at the rate of 1.00% per annum. 
As of September 30, 2016, we had no outstanding borrowings under Facility A. 

On December
17, 2015, we entered into a First Amendment to Second Restated Credit Agreement and a Revolving Facility B Agreement (the  Facility
B Agreement ) with Frost to provide a new $30.0 million revolving credit facility ( Facility B ), in addition
to Facility A. On November 1, 2016, we amended the Facility B Agreement with Frost to extend by one year the termination date for
draws under Facility B and the maturity date for amounts outstanding thereunder. We paid Frost a commitment fee of $75,000 when
Facility B was established and an additional $30,000 fee when Facility B was extended. 

We may
use Facility B loan proceeds solely for the purpose of making capital contributions to AHIC and HIC. As amended, we may borrow,
repay and reborrow under Facility B until December 17, 2018, at which time all amounts outstanding under Facility B are converted
to a term loan. Through December 17, 2018, we pay Frost a quarterly fee of 0.25% per annum of the average daily unused balance
of Facility B. Facility B bears interest at a rate equal to the prime rate or LIBOR plus 3.00%, at our election. Until December
17, 2018, interest only on amounts from time to time outstanding under Facility B are payable quarterly. Any amounts outstanding
on Facility B as of December 17, 2018 are converted to a term loan payable in quarterly installments over five years based on a
seven year amortization of principal plus accrued interest. All remaining principal and accrued interest on Facility B become due
and payable on December 17, 2023. As of September 30, 2016, we had $30.0 million outstanding under Facility B. 

The obligations
under both Facility A and Facility B are secured by a security interest in the capital stock of AHIC and HIC.  Both Facility
A and Facility B contain covenants that, among other things, require us to maintain certain financial and operating ratios and
restrict certain distributions, transactions and organizational changes. As of September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with all
of these covenants. 

12.    Subordinated Debt Securities  

On June 21, 2005, we
entered into a trust preferred securities transaction pursuant to which we issued $30.9 million aggregate principal amount of subordinated
debt securities due in 2035. To effect the transaction, we formed Trust I as a Delaware statutory trust. Trust I issued $30.0 million
of preferred securities to investors and $0.9 million of common securities to us. Trust I used the proceeds from these issuances
to purchase the subordinated debt securities. The initial interest rate on our Trust I subordinated debt securities was 7.725%
until June 15, 2015, after which interest adjusts quarterly to the three-month LIBOR rate plus 3.25 percentage points. Trust I
pays dividends on its preferred securities at the same rate. Under the terms of our Trust I subordinated debt securities, we pay
interest only each quarter and the principal of the note at maturity. The subordinated debt securities are uncollaterized and do
not require maintenance of minimum financial covenants. As of September 30, 2016, the principal balance of our Trust I subordinated
debt was $30.9 million and the interest rate was 4.10% per annum. 

On August 23, 2007,
we entered into a trust preferred securities transaction pursuant to which we issued $25.8 million aggregate principal amount of
subordinated debt securities due in 2037. To effect the transaction, we formed Trust II as a Delaware statutory trust. Trust II
issued $25.0 million of preferred securities to investors and $0.8 million of common securities to us. Trust II used the proceeds
from these issuances to purchase the subordinated debt securities. Our Trust II subordinated debt securities bear an initial interest
rate of 8.28% until September 15, 2017, at which time interest will adjust quarterly to the three-month LIBOR rate plus 2.90 percentage
points. Trust II pays dividends on its preferred securities at the same rate. Under the terms of our Trust II subordinated debt
securities, we pay interest only each quarter and the principal of the note at maturity. The subordinated debt securities are uncollaterized
and do not require maintenance of minimum financial covenants. As of September 30, 2016, the principal balance of our Trust II
subordinated debt was $25.8 million. 

13.  Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs 

The following table
shows total deferred and amortized policy acquisition cost activity by period (in thousands): 

The following table
sets forth basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding for the periods indicated (in thousands): 

For the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016, 385,000 shares of common stock potentially issuable upon the exercise of employee stock options
were excluded from the weighted average number of shares outstanding on a diluted basis because the effect of such options would
be anti-dilutive. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, 504,999 shares of common stock potentially issuable upon
the exercise of employee stock options were excluded from the weighted average number of shares outstanding on a diluted basis
because the effect of such options would be anti-dilutive. 

15.    Net Periodic Pension Cost  

The following table details the net periodic
pension cost incurred by period (in thousands): 

Refer to Note 14 to
the consolidated financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 for more discussion
of our retirement plans. 

Our effective income
tax rate for the first nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was 30.5% and 31.3%, respectively. The rates varied from the
statutory tax rate primarily due to the amount of tax exempt income in relation to total pre-tax income.   

17.    Commitments and Contingencies  

We are engaged in various legal proceedings
in the ordinary course of business, none of which, either individually or in the aggregate, are believed likely to have a material
adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations, in the opinion of management. The various legal
proceedings to which we are a party are routine in nature and incidental to our business. 

In November 2015,
one of the subsidiaries in our MGA Commercial operating unit, Hallmark Specialty Underwriters, Inc. ( HSU ), was informed
by the Texas Comptroller of Public Accounts that a surplus lines tax audit covering the period January 1, 2010 through December
31, 2013 was complete. HSU frequently acts as a managing general underwriter ( MGU ) authorized to underwrite policies
on behalf of Republic Vanguard Insurance Company and HSIC, both Texas eligible surplus lines insurance carriers. In its role as
the MGU, HSU underwrites policies on behalf of these carriers while other agencies located in Texas (generally referred to as  producing
agents ) deliver the policies to the insureds and collect all premiums due from the insureds. During the period under audit,
the producing agents also collected the surplus lines premium taxes due on the policies from the insureds, held them in trust,
and timely remitted those taxes to the Comptroller. We believe this system for collecting and paying the required surplus lines
premium taxes complies in all respects with the Texas Insurance Code and other regulations, which clearly require that the same
party who delivers the policies and collects the premiums will also collect premium taxes, hold premium taxes in trust, and pay
premium taxes to the Comptroller. It also complies with long standing industry practice. In addition, effective January 1, 2012
the Texas legislature enacted House Bill 3410 (HB3410) which allows an MGU to contractually pass the collection, payment and administration
of surplus lines taxes down to another Texas licensed surplus line agent. 

The Comptroller has
asserted that HSU is liable for the surplus lines premium taxes related to policy transactions and premiums collected from surplus
lines insureds during January 1, 2010 through December 31, 2011, the period prior to the passage of HB3410, and that HSU therefore
owes $2.5 million in premium taxes, as well as $0.7 million in penalties and interest for the audit period. 

We disagree with the
Comptroller and intend to vigorously fight their assertion that HSU is liable for the surplus lines premium taxes. We are currently
in negotiations with the Comptroller to settle the matter. However, we are presently unable to reasonably estimate the possible
loss or legal costs that are likely to arise out of the surplus lines tax audit or any future proceedings relating to this matter.
Therefore we have not accrued any amount as of September 30, 2016 related to this matter. 

18.    Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
Balances  

The changes in accumulated
other comprehensive income balances as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows (in thousands): 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  

The following discussion should be read
together with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. This discussion contains forward-looking statements.
Please see  Risks Associated with Forward-Looking Statements in this Form 10-Q  for a discussion of some of the uncertainties,
risks and assumptions associated with these statements.  

Introduction  

Hallmark Financial
Services, Inc. ( Hallmark  and, together with subsidiaries,  we,   us  or  our )
is an insurance holding company that, through its subsidiaries, engages in the sale of property/casualty insurance products to
businesses and individuals. Our business involves marketing, distributing, underwriting and servicing our insurance products, as
well as providing other insurance related services. Our business is geographically concentrated in the south central and northwest
regions of the United States, except for our Specialty Commercial business which is written on a national basis. We pursue our
business activities through subsidiaries whose operations are organized into product-specific operating units, which are supported
by our insurance company subsidiaries. 

Our non-carrier insurance
activities are segregated by operating units into the following reportable segments: 

Specialty Commercial Segment.   
Our Specialty Commercial Segment includes the excess and surplus lines commercial property/casualty insurance products and services
handled by our MGA Commercial Products operating unit and the general aviation, satellite launch, commercial umbrella and primary/excess
liability, medical professional liability and primary/excess commercial property insurance products and services handled by our
Specialty Commercial operating unit, as well as certain specialty risk programs which are managed at the parent level.   

Standard Commercial Segment.   
Our Standard Commercial Segment includes the standard lines commercial property/casualty and occupational accident insurance products
and services handled by our Standard Commercial P C operating unit and the workers compensation insurance products handled
by our Workers Compensation operating unit .  During 2015, we discontinued
our workers  compensation line of business by transferring all renewal rights and ceding substantially all unearned premiums
to a third party. As a result, effective July 1, 2015, the Workers Compensation operating unit no longer retains any risk on new
or renewal policies.   

Personal Segment.   
Our Personal Segment includes the non-standard personal automobile and renters insurance products and services handled by our Specialty
Personal Lines operating unit.   

The retained premium
produced by these reportable segments is supported by our American Hallmark Insurance Company of Texas ( AHIC ), Hallmark
Specialty Insurance Company ( HSIC ), Hallmark Insurance Company ( HIC ), Hallmark National Insurance Company
( HNIC ) and Texas Builders Insurance Company ( TBIC ) insurance subsidiaries. In addition, control and
management of Hallmark County Mutual ( HCM ) is maintained through our wholly owned subsidiary, CYR Insurance Management
Company ( CYR ). CYR has as its primary asset a management agreement with HCM which provides for CYR to have management
and control of HCM. HCM is used to front certain lines of business in our Specialty Commercial and Personal Segments in Texas.
HCM does not retain any business. 

AHIC, HIC, HSIC and
HNIC have entered into a pooling arrangement pursuant to which AHIC retains 34% of the total net premiums written by any of them,
HIC retains 32% of our total net premiums written by any of them, HSIC retains 24% of our total net premiums written by any of
them and HNIC retains 10% of our total net premiums written by any of them. Neither HCM nor TBIC is a party to the intercompany
pooling arrangement. 

Results of Operations  

Management overview.
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, our total revenues were $97.6 million and $278.7 million, representing
an increase of 4% and a decrease of 1%, respectively, from the $93.7 million and $282.3 million in total revenues for the same
periods of 2015.  During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, our income before tax was $7.2 million and $14.7
million, representing a decrease of $2.6 million and $12.1 million from the $9.8 million and $26.8 million reported during the
same periods the prior year. 

The increase in revenue
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily attributable to realized gains recognized on our investment portfolio
during the current quarter as compared to realized losses recognized during the same period the prior year. Also contributing to
the increase in revenue were higher net premiums earned, higher net investment income and higher commission and fee revenue partially
offset by lower finance charge revenue and lower other income. The higher net premiums earned were driven by higher net premiums
written in our Specialty Commercial Segment and Personal Segment. 

The decrease in income
before tax for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was due primarily to increased loss and loss adjustment expenses ( LAE )
of $6.3 million and higher interest expense of $0.4 million partially offset by the increase in revenue discussed above and lower
other operating expenses of $0.1 million. The increase in loss and LAE was primarily the result of unfavorable net prior year loss
reserve development in our Specialty Commercial Segment and Personal Segment, as well as higher current accident year loss trends
in our Personal Segment and Standard Commercial Segment that was partially offset by higher favorable net prior year loss reserve
development in our Standard Commercial Segment. The increase in interest expense was due to interest on our Facility B revolving
credit facility entered into during the fourth quarter of 2015. (See,  Financial Condition and Liquidity-Credit Facilities. ) 

The decrease in revenue
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily attributable to realized losses recognized on our investment portfolio
during the current period as compared to realized gains recognized during the same period the prior year. Also contributing to
the lower revenue was lower net premiums earned, finance charges and other income, partially offset by higher net investment income
and higher commission and fee revenue. The decrease in net premiums earned was primarily attributable to the adverse impact on
the Standard Commercial Segment of ceding substantially all unearned workers  compensation premiums effective July 1, 2015,
partially offset by the favorable impact of increased retention under a quota share reinsurance agreement in our Personal Segment
effective October 1, 2014. 

The decrease in income
before tax for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was due primarily to increased loss and LAE of $4.4 million, increased
other operating expense of $3.7 million, decreased revenue discussed above and increased interest expense of $0.4 million. The
increase in loss and LAE was primarily the result of an increase in retained losses in our Personal Segment under the renewed quota
share reinsurance agreement discussed above and higher current accident year loss trends. We incurred an aggregate of $10.4 million
of net catastrophe losses during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $5.3 million for the same period the prior
year. We incurred net favorable loss reserve development of $0.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared
to $4.6 million of favorable loss reserve development for the same period in the prior year. Other operating expenses increased
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 primarily as the result of increased salary and related expenses in our Specialty
Commercial Segment and a $1.8 million payment to settle the earn-out related to the previous acquisition of TBIC accrued during
the second quarter of 2016, partially offset by lower production related expenses predominately in our Specialty Commercial Segment.
The increase in interest expense was due to interest on Facility B. 

We reported net income
of $5.0 million and $10.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to net income of $6.7 million
and $18.4 million for the same periods of 2015. On a diluted basis per share, we reported net income of $0.27 per share for the
three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to net income of $0.35 per share for the same period in 2015.  On a diluted
basis per share, we reported net income of $0.54 per share for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to net income
of $0.95 per share for the same period in 2015.  

Third Quarter 2016 as Compared
to Third Quarter 2015  

The following is additional
business segment information for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands): 

(1)  The net loss ratio is calculated as incurred losses and LAE divided by net premiums earned, each
determined in accordance with GAAP. The net expense ratio is calculated as total underwriting expenses offset by agency fee income
divided by net premiums earned, each determined in accordance with GAAP. Net combined ratio is calculated as the sum of the net
loss ratio and the net expense ratio.   

Specialty Commercial Segment   

Gross premiums written
for the Specialty Commercial Segment were $104.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, which was $12.6 million,
or 14%, more than the $91.4 million reported for the same period of 2015. Net premiums written were $66.0 million for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $63.2 million for the same period of 2015. The increases in gross and net premiums
written were primarily the result of increased premium production in our Specialty Commercial operating unit. 

The $65.9 million
of total revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $2.5 million more than the $63.4 million reported by the Specialty
Commercial Segment for the same period in 2015. This increase in revenue was primarily due to higher net premiums earned of $2.0
million due mostly to increased production in our Specialty Commercial operating unit, higher net investment income of $0.4 million
and higher other income of $0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period of 2015. 

Pre-tax income for
the Specialty Commercial Segment of $8.2 million for the third quarter of 2016 was $3.0 million lower than the $11.3 million reported
for the same period in 2015. The decrease in pre-tax income was primarily the result of higher loss and LAE expenses of $5.3 million
and higher operating expenses of $0.2 million, partially offset by the increased revenue discussed above. 

Our MGA Commercial Products
operating unit reported a $4.8 million increase in loss and LAE due largely to $3.5 million unfavorable prior year net loss reserve
development recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $1.6 million favorable prior year net loss
reserve development during the same period of 2015. Our Specialty Commercial operating unit reported a $0.5 million increase in
loss and LAE which consisted of (a) a $0.4 million increase in loss and LAE attributable to our medical professional liability
insurance products, (b) a $0.3 million increase in loss and LAE in our commercial umbrella and primary/excess liability line of
business, (c) a $0.2 million increase in loss and LAE attributable to our primary/excess property insurance products due to increase
premium production, partially offset by (d) a $0.4 million decrease in loss and LAE in our general aviation line of business due
primarily to lower current accident year loss trends. The $0.2 million increase in operating expense was the combined result of
increased salary and related expenses of $1.1 million, increased occupancy and other expenses of $0.3 million, partially offset
by lower production related expenses of $1.2 million due primarily to increased ceding commissions in our Specialty Commercial
operating unit. 

The Specialty Commercial
Segment reported a net loss ratio of 66.5% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to 60.0% for the same period
during 2015. The gross loss ratio before reinsurance was 64.3% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to 59.8%
for the same period in 2015. The higher gross and net loss ratios were primarily the result of $3.5 million of unfavorable prior
year net loss reserve development for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to favorable prior year net loss reserve
development of $2.0 million for the same period of 2015. The Specialty Commercial Segment reported a net expense ratio of 25.3%
for the third quarter of 2016 as compared to 26.1% for the same period of 2015. The decrease in the expense ratio was due predominately
to the impact of higher net premiums earned. 

Standard Commercial Segment   

Gross premiums written
for the Standard Commercial Segment were $18.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, which was $0.6 million, or
3%, less than the $19.2 million reported for the same period in 2015. The decrease in gross premium was primarily due to lower
premium production in our Workers Compensation operating unit due to the transfer of renewal rights during the second quarter of
2015. Net premiums written were $16.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $15.1 million reported
for the same period in 2015. The increase in net premiums written was primarily attributable to reduced net premiums written in
the Workers  Compensation operating unit during the third quarter of 2015 as a result of ceding substantially all unearned
premiums as of July 1, 2015 and the sale of our renewal rights to this business, as well as increased premium production in our
Standard Commercial P C Operating unit in the third quarter of 2016. 

Total revenue for
the Standard Commercial Segment of $18.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, was $0.2 million, or 1%, less
than the $18.5 million reported for the same period in 2015. This decrease in total revenue was mostly due to the Workers Compensation
operating unit experiencing both a $0.4 million gain in the third quarter of 2015 and a $0.3 million decrease in net premiums
earned in the third quarter of 2016, in both cases as a result of the ceding of substantially all unearned premiums as of July
1, 2015, partially offset by higher commission and fees of $0.5 million. 

Our Standard Commercial
Segment reported pre-tax income of $3.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 which was $0.3 million, or 10%, more
than the $2.9 million reported for the same period of 2015. The increase in pre-tax income was the result of lower loss and LAE
of $0.5 million, partially offset by the decreased revenue discussed above. 

The Standard Commercial
Segment reported a net loss ratio of 56.9% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to 58.8% for the same period
of 2015. The gross loss ratio before reinsurance for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was 54.6% as compared to the 55.3%
reported for the same period of 2015. The lower gross and net loss ratios resulted primarily from higher favorable net loss reserve
development, partially offset by higher current accident year loss trends. During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, the Standard Commercial Segment reported favorable net loss reserve development of $2.7 million and $1.8 million, respectively.
The gross and net loss ratios for the three months ended September 30, 2016 include $1.6 million of catastrophe related losses.
The gross and net loss ratios for the three months ended September 30, 2015 include $1.4 million of catastrophe related losses.
The Standard Commercial Segment reported a net expense ratio of 32.3% for the third quarter of 2016 as compared to 32.2% for the
same period of 2015. 

Personal Segment   

Gross premiums written
for the Personal Segment were $24.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $21.5 million for the
same period in the prior year. Net premiums written for our Personal Segment were $13.0 million in the third quarter of 2016, which
was an increase of $1.4 million, or 12%, from the $11.6 million reported for the third quarter of 2015. 

Total revenue for
the Personal Segment was $12.8 million for the third quarter of 2016 as compared to $12.7 million for the same period in 2015.
Increased revenue was primarily the result of higher net premiums earned of $0.6 million due mostly to increased premiums written,
partially offset by lower finance charges of $0.5 million. 

Pre-tax loss for the
Personal Segment was $1.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to pre-tax loss of $0.2 million for
the same period of 2015. The increase in the pre-tax loss was primarily the result of increased losses and LAE of $1.5 million
and increased operating expenses of $0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period during
2015, partially offset by the increased revenue discussed above. 

The Personal Segment
reported a net loss ratio of 97.5% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to 89.2% for the same period of 2015.
The gross loss ratio before reinsurance was 95.2% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to 81.6% for the same
period in 2015. The higher gross and net loss ratios were primarily the result of higher current accident year loss trends as well
as higher unfavorable prior year loss reserve development. The Personal Segment reported $1.1 million of unfavorable prior year
net loss reserve development for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $0.8 million of net unfavorable development
for the same period in the prior year. Operating expenses increased $0.1 million due to the combined result of a $0.1 million increase
in salary and related expenses and a $0.1 million increase in other operating expenses, partially offset by a $0.1 million decrease
in production related expenses. The Personal Segment reported a net expense ratio of 21.9% for the third quarter of 2016 as compared
to 16.1% for the same period of 2015. The increase in the expense ratio was due predominately to the lower finance charges referenced
above. 

Corporate   

Total revenue for
Corporate increased by $1.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period the prior year.
This increase in total revenue was due predominately to net realized gains recognized on our investment portfolio of $1.1 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to net realized losses of $0.3 million for the same period of 2015 and
higher net investment income of $0.2 million. 

Corporate pre-tax
loss was $2.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to pre-tax loss of $4.1 million for the same period
of 2015. The decrease in pre-tax loss was primarily due to the increased revenue discussed above and lower operating expenses of
$0.3 million, partially offset by higher interest expense of $0.4 million. The lower operating expenses of $0.3 million were a
combined result of lower salary and related expenses of $0.5 million due primarily to a reduction in incentive compensation accruals
during the third quarter of 2016 and lower travel and entertainment expenses of $0.1 million, partially offset by higher other
expenses of $0.2 million and higher professional service fees of $0.1 million. The higher interest expense of $0.4 million was
due primarily to the additional interest expense from borrowings under Facility B. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
as Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015  

The following is additional
business segment information for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands): 

(1) The net loss ratio is calculated as
incurred losses and LAE divided by net premiums earned, each determined in accordance with GAAP. The net expense ratio is calculated
as total underwriting expenses offset by agency fee income divided by net premiums earned, each determined in accordance with GAAP.
Net combined ratio is calculated as the sum of the net loss ratio and the net expense ratio. 

Specialty Commercial Segment   

Gross premiums written
for the Specialty Commercial Segment were $295.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, which was $32.1 million,
or 12%, more than the $263.1 million reported for the same period in 2015. The increase in gross premiums written was due to increased
premium production in both our MGA Commercial Products and our Specialty Commercial operating units. Net premiums written were
$190.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $184.3 million reported for the same period in 2015.
The higher net premiums written were due primarily to the increased production in both our MGA Commercial and Specialty Commercial
operating units. 

The $189.5 million
of total revenue for the Specialty Commercial Segment for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $1.4 million higher than
the $188.1 million reported for the same period in 2015. This increase in revenue was primarily due to higher net investment income
of $1.3 million and higher commission and fees of $0.3 million, partially offset by lower net premiums earned of $0.2 million due
predominately to lower net premiums written during the fourth quarter of 2015. 

Pre-tax income for
the Specialty Commercial Segment of $25.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $2.9 million lower than the
$28.7 million reported for the same period in 2015. The decrease in pre-tax income was primarily the result of higher loss and
LAE expenses of $2.2 million and higher operating expenses of $2.1 million, partially offset by the increased revenue discussed
above. 

Our MGA Commercial
Products operating unit reported a $2.0 million increase in loss and LAE due primarily to $2.3 million of unfavorable prior year
net loss reserve development recognized for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $0.5 million favorable prior
year net loss reserve development recognized for the same period of 2015. Our Specialty Commercial operating unit reported a $0.2
million increase in loss and LAE which consisted of (a) a $0.9 million increase in loss and LAE attributable to our medical professional
liability insurance products, (b) a $0.6 million increase in loss and LAE in our commercial umbrella and primary/excess liability
line of business,(c) a $0.3 million increase in loss and LAE attributable to our primary/excess property insurance products due
to increase premium production, partially offset by (d) a $0.2 million decrease in loss and LAE in our general aviation line of
business due primarily to lower current accident year loss trends and (e) a $1.4 million decrease in loss and LAE attributable
to our satellite launch insurance line of business due primarily to favorable current accident year loss trends. The increase of
$2.1 million in operating expense was the combined result of increased salary and related expenses of $4.0 million, higher travel
related expenses of $0.1 million and higher occupancy and other expenses of $0.6 million, partially offset by lower production
related expenses of $2.6 million due primarily to increased ceding commissions in our Specialty Commercial operating unit. 

The Specialty Commercial
Segment reported a net loss ratio of 64.3% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to 63.0% for the same period
during 2015. The gross loss ratio before reinsurance was 61.7% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to 63.0%
for the same period in 2015. The Specialty Commercial Segment reported $1.9 million unfavorable prior year net loss reserve development
recognized for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $1.9 million favorable prior year net loss reserve development
for the same period of 2015. 

Standard Commercial Segment   

Gross premiums written
for the Standard Commercial Segment were $59.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, which was $4.0 million, or
6%, less than the $63.7 million reported for the same period in 2015. Net premiums written were $53.2 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $55.5 million reported for the same period in 2015. The decrease in premium volume was
primarily due to lower premium production in our Workers Compensation operating unit due to the renewal rights agreement entered
into during the second quarter of 2015 and subsequently amended during the third quarter of 2015 to cede substantially all of the
unearned premium effective July 1, 2015. 

Total revenue for
the Standard Commercial Segment of $54.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $4.4 million less than the $58.9
million reported during the same period in 2015. This 8% decrease in total revenue was mostly due to the Workers Compensation operating
unit experiencing both a $0.6 million gain during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 in connection with the transfer of renewal
rights and a $4.9 million decrease in net premiums earned during 2016 primarily as a result of the ceding of substantially all
unearned premiums as of July 1, 2015 and the sale of our renewal rights to this business, partially offset by a decreased adverse
profit share commission revenue adjustment of $1.1 million. 

Our Standard Commercial
Segment reported pre-tax income was $7.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to pre-tax income of
$7.2 million during the same period of 2015. Lower loss and LAE expenses of $3.9 million and lower operating expenses of $0.9 million,
were offset by the decreased revenue discussed above. 

The Standard Commercial
Segment reported a net loss ratio of 59.1% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to 60.8% for the same period
in 2015. The gross loss ratio before reinsurance for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was 56.0% as compared to the 59.4%
reported for the same period of 2015. The lower gross and net loss ratios resulted primarily from lower current accident year non-catastrophe
loss trends and increased favorable net loss reserve development partially offset by higher current accident year catastrophe losses.
The gross and net loss ratios for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 include $8.3 million of catastrophe related losses.
The gross and net loss ratios for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 include $4.2 million of catastrophe related losses.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Standard Commercial Segment reported favorable prior year net loss
reserve development of $6.4 million and $4.7 million, respectively. The Standard Commercial Segment reported a net expense ratio
of 33.5% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to 32.6% for the same period of 2015. The increase in the expense
ratio is primarily due to increased production related expense in our Standard Commercial P C operating unit. 

Personal Segment   

Gross premiums written
for the Personal Segment were $64.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, which was $0.7 million, or 1%, more than
the $63.9 million reported for the same period in 2015. Net premiums written for our Personal Segment were $34.4 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, which was a decrease of $0.4 million, from the $34.8 million reported for the same period
of 2015. 

Total revenue for
the Personal Segment increased 12% to $37.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $33.1 million for the same
period during 2015. The $3.9 million increase in revenue was primarily due to higher net premiums earned of $4.3 million due mostly
to increased retention under a quota share reinsurance agreement effective October 1, 2014 and higher net investment income of
$0.1 million, partially offset by lower finance charges of $0.5 million. 

Pre-tax loss for the
Personal Segment was $3.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to pre-tax loss of $0.6 million for
the same period of 2015. The pre-tax loss was the result of increased losses and LAE of $6.0 million and increased operating expenses
of $1.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period during 2015, partially offset by the
increased revenue discussed above. 

The Personal Segment
reported a net loss ratio of 94.6% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to 87.7% for the same period of 2015.
The gross loss ratio before reinsurance was 91.6% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to 79.4% for the same
period in 2015. The higher gross and net loss ratios were primarily the result of unfavorable prior year net loss reserve development
of $3.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to unfavorable development of $2.0 million for the same
period in the prior year, as well as higher current accident year loss trends. The increase in operating expenses of $1.1 million
was the combined result of $0.4 million increase in other operating expenses driven by our investment in technology, a $0.2 million
increase in production related expenses, a $0.3 million increase in salary and related expenses and a $0.2 million increase in
professional service fees and occupancy expenses. The Personal Segment reported a net expense ratio of 21.6% for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 as compared to 19.4% for the same period of 2015. 

Corporate   

Total revenue for
Corporate decreased by $4.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period the prior year.
This decrease in total revenue was due to net realized losses recognized on our investment portfolio of $1.3 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the net realized gains of $3.7 million for the same period of 2015, partially offset
by higher net investment income of $0.5 million. 

Corporate pre-tax
loss was $15.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to pre-tax loss of $8.6 million for the same period
of 2015. The increase in pre-tax loss was primarily due to the decreased revenue discussed above, higher operating expenses of
$1.5 million and increased interest expense of $0.4 million. The increase in operating expenses of $1.5 million was due primarily
to an additional $1.8 million earn-out paid in conjunction with the previous acquisition of TBIC and higher other operating expenses
of $0.2 million, partially offset by lower salary and related expenses of $0.4 million due primarily to a reduction in incentive
compensation accruals during the third quarter of 2016 and lower travel and related expenses of $0.1 million. The increase in interest
expense of $0.4 million was due primarily to the interest expense under Facility B, partially offset by a reduction in interest
expense due to the transition from a fixed interest rate to a lower floating interest rate as of June 15, 2015 on our Trust I subordinated
debt securities. 

Financial Condition and Liquidity  

Sources and
Uses of Funds    

Our sources of funds
are from insurance-related operations, financing activities and investing activities. Major sources of funds from operations include
premiums collected (net of policy cancellations and premiums ceded), commissions, and processing and service fees. As a holding
company, Hallmark is dependent on dividend payments and management fees from its subsidiaries to meet operating expenses and debt
obligations. As of September 30, 2016, Hallmark had $8.9 million in unrestricted cash and cash equivalents at the holding company.
Unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of our non-insurance subsidiaries were $5.5 million as of September 30, 2016. As of that
date, our insurance subsidiaries held $55.5 million of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents as well as $600.8 million in debt
securities with an average modified duration of 2.5 years. Accordingly, we do not anticipate selling long-term debt instruments
to meet any liquidity needs. 

AHIC and TBIC, domiciled
in Texas, are limited in the payment of dividends to their stockholders in any 12-month period, without the prior written consent
of the Texas Department of Insurance, to the greater of statutory net income for the prior calendar year or 10% of statutory policyholders 
surplus as of the prior year end. Dividends may only be paid from unassigned surplus funds. HIC and HNIC, both domiciled in Arizona,
are limited in the payment of dividends to the lesser of 10% of prior year policyholders  surplus or prior year's net investment
income, without prior written approval from the Arizona Department of Insurance. HSIC, domiciled in Oklahoma, is limited in the
payment of dividends to the greater of 10% of prior year policyholders  surplus or prior year s statutory net income,
not including realized capital gains, without prior written approval from the Oklahoma Insurance Department. During 2016, the aggregate
ordinary dividend capacity of these subsidiaries is $27.6 million, of which $18.5 million is available to Hallmark. As a county
mutual, dividends from HCM are payable to policyholders. During the first nine months of 2016 and 2015, our insurance company subsidiaries
paid $7.5 million and $6.0 million in dividends to Hallmark, respectively. 

Comparison of
September 30, 2016 to December 31, 2015   

On a consolidated
basis, our cash (excluding restricted cash) and investments at September 30, 2016 were $719.5 million compared to $693.3 million
at December 31, 2015. The primary reasons for this increase in unrestricted cash and investments were cash flow from operations,
the collection of an unsettled investment disposal and an increase in investment fair values. 

Comparison of
Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015   

Net cash provided
by our consolidated operating activities was $25.5 million for the first nine months of 2016 as compared to $43.1 million for the
first nine months of 2015. The decrease in operating cash flow was primarily due to increased paid losses including timing of reinsurance
claim settlements, partially offset by increased net collected premium, lower taxes paid, lower net paid operating expenses and
higher collected net investment income. 

Net cash used
in investing activities during the first nine months of 2016 was $62.9 million as compared to $78.5 million during the first nine
months of 2015.  The decrease in cash used by investing activities during the first nine months of 2016 was comprised of a
decrease in purchases of debt and equity securities of $0.6 million, a decrease in transfers to restricted cash of $4.0 million
and an increase of $12.1 million in maturities, sales and redemptions of investment securities, partially offset by an increase
in purchases of property and equipment of $1.1 million. 

Cash used in financing
activities during the first nine months of 2016 was $7.1 million as a result of $5.8 million related to the repurchase of our common
stock and $1.8 million payment of the settlement of contingent consideration to the sellers of TBIC, partially offset by $0.5 million
related to proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options. Cash used in financing activities during the first nine months
of 2015 was $2.5 million as a result of $1.9 million related to the repurchase of our common stock and $1.2 million related to
the contingent purchase price payment to the sellers of TBIC, partially offset by $0.6 million related to proceeds from the exercise
of employee stock options. 

Credit Facilities   

Our Second Restated
Credit Agreement with Frost Bank ( Frost ) dated June 30, 2015, reinstated the credit facility with Frost which expired
by its terms on April 30, 2015. The Second Restated Credit Agreement also amended certain provisions of the credit facility and
restated the agreement with Frost in its entirety.  The Second Restated Credit Agreement provides a $15.0 million revolving
credit facility ( Facility A ), with a $5.0 million letter of credit sub-facility. The outstanding balance of the Facility
A bears interest at a rate equal to the prime rate or LIBOR plus 2.5%, at our election. We pay an annual fee of 0.25% of the
average daily unused balance of Facility A and letter of credit fees at the rate of 1.00% per annum.  As of September 30,
2016, we had no outstanding borrowings under Facility A. 

On December 17, 2015,
we entered into a First Amendment to Second Restated Credit Agreement and a Revolving Facility B Agreement (the  Facility
B Agreement ) with Frost to provide a new $30.0 million revolving credit facility ( Facility B ), in addition
to Facility A. On November 1, 2016, we amended the Facility B Agreement with Frost to extend by one year the termination date for
draws under Facility B and the maturity date for amounts outstanding thereunder. We paid Frost a commitment fee of $75,000 when
Facility B was established and an additional $30,000 fee when Facility B was extended. 

We may use Facility
B loan proceeds solely for the purpose of making capital contributions to AHIC and HIC. As amended, we may borrow, repay and reborrow
under Facility B until December 17, 2018, at which time all amounts outstanding under Facility B are converted to a term loan.
Through December 17, 2018, we pay Frost a quarterly fee of 0.25% per annum of the average daily unused balance of Facility B. Facility
B bears interest at a rate equal to the prime rate or LIBOR plus 3.00%, at our election. Until December 17, 2018, interest
only on amounts from time to time outstanding under Facility B are payable quarterly. Any amounts outstanding on Facility B as
of December 17, 2018 are converted to a term loan payable in quarterly installments over five years based on a seven year amortization
of principal plus accrued interest. All remaining principal and accrued interest on Facility B become due and payable on December
17, 2023. As of September 30, 2016, we had $30.0 million outstanding under Facility B. 

The obligations under
both Facility A and Facility B are secured by a security interest in the capital stock of AHIC and HIC.  Both Facility
A and Facility B contain covenants that, among other things, require us to maintain certain financial and operating ratios and
restrict certain distributions, transactions and organizational changes. As of September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with all
of these covenants. 

Subordinated
Debt Securities    

On June 21, 2005, we
entered into a trust preferred securities transaction pursuant to which we issued $30.9 million aggregate principal amount of subordinated
debt securities due in 2035. To effect the transaction, we formed a Delaware statutory trust, Hallmark Statutory Trust I ( Trust
I ). Trust I issued $30.0 million of preferred securities to investors and $0.9 million of common securities to us. Trust
I used the proceeds from these issuances to purchase the subordinated debt securities. The initial interest rate on our Trust I
subordinated debt securities was 7.725% until June 15, 2015, after which interest adjusts quarterly to the three-month LIBOR rate
plus 3.25 percentage points. Trust I pays dividends on its preferred securities at the same rate. Under the terms of our Trust
I subordinated debt securities, we pay interest only each quarter and the principal of the note at maturity. The subordinated debt
securities are uncollaterized and do not require maintenance of minimum financial covenants. As of September 30, 2016, the principal
balance of our Trust I subordinated debt was $30.9 million and the interest rate was 4.10% per annum. 

On August 23, 2007,
we entered into a trust preferred securities transaction pursuant to which we issued $25.8 million aggregate principal amount of
subordinated debt securities due in 2037. To effect the transaction, we formed a Delaware statutory trust, Hallmark Statutory Trust
II ( Trust II ). Trust II issued $25.0 million of preferred securities to investors and $0.8 million of common securities
to us. Trust II used the proceeds from these issuances to purchase the subordinated debt securities. Our Trust II subordinated
debt securities bear an initial interest rate of 8.28% until September 15, 2017, at which time interest will adjust quarterly to
the three-month LIBOR rate plus 2.90 percentage points. Trust II pays dividends on its preferred securities at the same rate. Under
the terms of our Trust II subordinated debt securities, we pay interest only each quarter and the principal of the note at maturity.
The subordinated debt securities are uncollaterized and do not require maintenance of minimum financial covenants. As of September
30, 2016, the principal balance of our Trust II subordinated debt was $25.8 million. 

Item 3.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk.  

There have been no material changes
to the market risks discussed in Item 7A to Part II of our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 

Item 4.    Controls and Procedures.  

The principal executive
officer and principal financial officer of Hallmark have evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures and have concluded that,
as of the end of the period covered by this report, such disclosure controls and procedures were effective in ensuring that information
required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is timely recorded,
processed, summarized and reported. The principal executive officer and principal financial officer also concluded that such disclosure
controls and procedures were effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file
or submit under such Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. During the most recent fiscal quarter,
there have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Risks Associated
with Forward-Looking Statements Included in this Form 10-Q  

This Form 10-Q contains
certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, which are intended to be covered by the safe harbors created thereby. These statements include the plans
and objectives of management for future operations, including plans and objectives relating to future growth of our business activities
and availability of funds. The forward-looking statements included herein are based on current expectations that involve numerous
risks and uncertainties. Assumptions relating to the foregoing involve judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic,
competitive and market conditions, regulatory framework, weather-related events and future business decisions, all of which are
difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond our control. Although we believe that the assumptions
underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could be inaccurate and, therefore, there can
be no assurance that the forward-looking statements included in this Form 10-Q will prove to be accurate. In light of the significant
uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded
as a representation by us or any other person that our objectives and plans will be achieved. 

PART II  

  OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.    Legal Proceedings.    

During the third quarter
of 2015 we paid $1.2 million to the sellers of the subsidiaries comprising our Workers Compensation operating unit pursuant to
the terms of the acquisition agreement. The sellers disputed the calculation of the amount paid and, pursuant to the terms of the
acquisition agreement, an independent actuary was engaged to resolve this matter. In accordance with the report of the independent
actuary, we accrued during the second quarter of 2016 and paid during the third quarter of 2016 an additional $1.8 million to the
sellers. 

In November 2015,
one of the subsidiaries in our MGA Commercial operating unit, Hallmark Specialty Underwriters, Inc. ( HSU ), was informed
by the Texas Comptroller of Public Accounts that a surplus lines tax audit covering the period January 1, 2010 through December
31, 2013 was complete. HSU frequently acts as a managing general underwriter ( MGU ) authorized to underwrite policies
on behalf of Republic Vanguard Insurance Company and HSIC, both Texas eligible surplus lines insurance carriers. In its role as
the MGU, HSU underwrites policies on behalf of these carriers while other agencies located in Texas (generally referred to as  producing
agents ) deliver the policies to the insureds and collect all premiums due from the insureds. During the period under audit,
the producing agents also collected the surplus lines premium taxes due on the policies from the insureds, held them in trust,
and timely remitted those taxes to the Comptroller. We believe this system for collecting and paying the required surplus lines
premium taxes complies in all respects with the Texas Insurance Code and other regulations, which clearly require that the same
party who delivers the policies and collects the premiums will also collect premium taxes, hold premium taxes in trust, and pay
premium taxes to the Comptroller. It also complies with long standing industry practice. In addition, effective January 1, 2012
the Texas legislature enacted House Bill 3410 (HB3410) which allows an MGU to contractually pass the collection, payment and administration
of surplus lines taxes down to another Texas licensed surplus line agent. 

The Comptroller has
asserted that HSU is liable for the surplus lines premium taxes related to policy transactions and premiums collected from surplus
lines insureds during January 1, 2010 through December 31, 2011, the period prior to the passage of HB3410, and that HSU therefore
owes $2.5 million in premium taxes, as well as $0.7 million in penalties and interest for the audit period. 

We disagree with the
Comptroller and intend to vigorously fight their assertion that HSU is liable for the surplus lines premium taxes. We are currently
in negotiations with the Comptroller to settle the matter. However, we are presently unable to reasonably estimate the possible
loss or legal costs that are likely to arise out of the surplus lines tax audit or any future proceedings relating to this matter.
Therefore we have not accrued any amount as of September 30, 2016 related to this matter. 

We are engaged in
various legal proceedings that are routine in nature and incidental to our business. None of these proceedings, either individually
or in the aggregate, are believed, in our opinion, to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or
our results of operations. 

Item 1A.    Risk Factors.     

There have been no
material changes to the risk factors discussed in Item 1A to Part I of our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 

Item 2.    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.    

Our stock buyback
program initially announced on April 18, 2008, authorized the repurchase of up to 1,000,000 shares of our common stock in the open
market or in privately negotiated transactions (the  Stock Repurchase Plan ). On January 24, 2011, we announced an
increased authorization to repurchase up to an additional 3,000,000 shares. The Stock Repurchase Plan does not have an expiration
date. 

The following table
furnishes information for purchases made pursuant to the Stock Repurchase Plan during the quarter ended September 30, 2016: 

Item 3.    Defaults Upon Senior Securities.    

None. 

Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures.    

None. 

Item 5.    Other Information.    

None. 

Item 6.    Exhibits.    

The following exhibits are filed herewith
or incorporated herein by reference: 

Exhibit 
          Number   

Description    
 
      3(a)  
      Restated Articles of Incorporation of the registrant, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 [Registration No. 333-136414] filed September 8, 2006).   

3(b)  
      Amended and Restated By-Laws of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 1, 2007).   

31(a)  
      Certification of principal executive officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a).   

31(b)  
      Certification of principal financial officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a).   

32(a)  
      Certification of principal executive officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350.   

32(b)  
     
         Certification of principal financial officer
        Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350. 

101 INS+  
     
         XBRL Instance Document. 

101 SCH+ 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema
Document.   

101 CAL+ 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation
Linkbase Document.   

101 LAB+ 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label
Linkbase Document.   

101 PRE+  
     
         XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
        Document. 

101 DEF+  
     
         XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
        Document. 

+  
     
         Filed with this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q and included in Exhibit 101 to this report are the following documents formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting
Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Stockholder s Equity for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 and (vi) related notes.   

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements of
the Exchange Act, the registrant has caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

HALLMARK FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. 

 (Registrant) 

Date: November 7, 2016 
     
          /s/ Naveen Anand   
         Naveen Anand, Chief Executive Officer and
        President 

Date: November 7, 2016 

/s/ Jeffrey R. Passmore   
         Jeffrey R. Passmore, Chief Accounting Officer
        and Senior Vice President   

<EX-31.A>
 2
 v451013_ex31a.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.A

Exhibit 31(a)  

  CERTIFICATION  

I, Naveen Anand, certify
that: 

1.       I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Hallmark Financial Services, Inc.; 

2.       Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.       Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.       The
Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
[as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)] and internal control over financial reporting [as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)] for the Registrant and have: 

a)       designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)       designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)       evaluated
the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)       disclosed
in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.       The
Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)       all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)       any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 7, 2016 

/s/ Naveen Anand  

Naveen Anand,   

Chief Executive Officer   

(principal executive officer)   

</EX-31.A>

<EX-31.B>
 3
 v451013_ex31b.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.B

Exhibit 31(b)  

  CERTIFICATION  

I, Jeffrey R. Passmore, certify that: 

1.       I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Hallmark Financial Services, Inc.; 

2.       Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.       Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.       The
Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
[as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)] and internal control over financial reporting [as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)] for the Registrant and have: 

a)       designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)       designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)       evaluated
the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)       disclosed
in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.       The
Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)       all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)       any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 7, 2016 

/s/Jeffrey R. Passmore  

Jeffrey R. Passmore   

Chief Accounting Officer   

(principal financial officer)   

</EX-31.B>

<EX-32.A>
 4
 v451013_ex32a.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.A

Exhibit 32(a)  

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.  
1350   

I,
Naveen Anand, Chief Executive Officer of Hallmark Financial Services, Inc. (the  Company ), hereby certify that the accompanying
report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the
date hereof (the  Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended. I further certify that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 7, 2016 

/s/ Naveen Anand 

Naveen Anand,  

Chief Executive Officer  

(principal executive officer)  

</EX-32.A>

<EX-32.B>
 5
 v451013_ex32b.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.B

Exhibit 32(b)  

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.  
1350   

I,
Jeffrey R. Passmore, Chief Accounting Officer of Hallmark Financial Services, Inc. (the  Company ), hereby certify that
the accompanying report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the  Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended. I further certify that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 7, 2016 

/s/Jeffrey R. Passmore 

Jeffrey R. Passmore  

Chief Accounting Officer  

(principal financial officer)  

</EX-32.B>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 hall-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 hall-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 hall-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 hall-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 hall-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 hall-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

