<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_63908_0000063908-16-000161_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4606688</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>102320</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>1234083</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1597685</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1123644</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>421703</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>26</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000063908-16-000161.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103190557
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000063908-16-000161
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MCDONALDS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000063908
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		IRS NUMBER:				362361282
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05231
		FILM NUMBER:		161973296

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE MCDONALD'S PLAZA
		CITY:			OAK BROOK
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60523
		BUSINESS PHONE:		630 623 3000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE MCDONALD'S PLAZA
		CITY:			OAK BROOK
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60523

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000063908-16-000161.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 mcd-9302016x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, DC 20549 
  FORM 10-Q 

OR 
                   
    TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
        
    For the transition period from                 to               

Commission File Number 1-5231 
  McDONALD S CORPORATION 
  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
    
                   Delaware 
      
    36-2361282 
      (State or Other Jurisdiction of 
  Incorporation or Organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

One McDonald s Plaza 
  Oak Brook, Illinois 
      
    60523 
      (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
      
    (Zip Code) 

(630) 623-3000 
  (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes    x    No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes    x    No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                   Large accelerated filer   x 
      
    Accelerated filer     

Non-accelerated filer        (do not check if a smaller reporting  company) 
      
    Smaller reporting company     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes         No    x 
    
  830,443,627    
  (Number of shares of common stock 
  outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  ) 

Table of Contents  

McDONALD S CORPORATION 
  ___________________________ 
  INDEX 
  _______ 

Page Reference 
       Part I. Financial Information  

Item 1        Financial Statements  

Condensed consolidated balance sheet, September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015  
    3 

Condensed consolidated statement of income (unaudited), quarters and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
    4 

Condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income (unaudited), quarters and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
    5 

Condensed consolidated statement of cash flows (unaudited), quarters and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
    6 

Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited)  
    7 

Item 2        Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    10 

Item 3        Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    28 

Item 4        Controls and Procedures  
    28 

Part II. Other Information  

Item 1          Legal Proceedings  
    29 

Item 1A      Risk Factors  
    29 

Item 2        Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    29 

Item 6        Exhibits  
    30 

Signature  
    33 

All trademarks used herein are the property of their respective owners and are used with permission. 
  
   2 

Table of Contents  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1. Financial Statements 

See Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

See Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

Table of Contents  

See Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  

See Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   6 

Table of Contents  

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

Basis of Presentation 
  The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements contained in the Company s   December 31, 2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) necessary for a fair presentation have been included. The results for the quarter and   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   do not necessarily indicate the results that may be expected for the full year. 

Restaurant Information 
  The following table presents restaurant information by ownership type: 

The results of operations of restaurant businesses purchased and sold in transactions with franchisees were not material either individually or in the aggregate to the condensed consolidated financial statements for the periods prior to purchase and sale. 

Per Common Share Information 
  Diluted earnings per common share is calculated using net income divided by diluted weighted-average shares. Diluted weighted-average shares include weighted-average shares outstanding plus the dilutive effect of share-based compensation, calculated using the treasury stock method, of   6.3 million   shares and   4.5 million   shares for the quarters   2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   7.1 million   shares and   4.8 million   shares for the   nine months   2016 and 2015, respectively. Stock options that would have been antidilutive, and therefore were not included in the calculation of diluted weighted-average shares, totaled   4.2 million   shares and   9.1 million   shares for the quarters   2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   1.2 million   shares and   9.4 million   shares for the   nine months   2016 and 2015, respectively.  
  In the second quarter 2016, the Company entered into an Accelerated Share Repurchase agreement ( ASR ) to purchase up to   $2.6 billion   of the Company's common stock and received an initial delivery of   16.2 million   shares, which represented   80%   of the total shares the Company expected to receive based on the market price at the time of initial delivery. In July 2016, the purchase period for this ASR ended, and an additional   5.1 million   shares were received. 
  In September 2016, McDonald's Board of Directors declared a fourth quarter dividend of   $0.94   per share of common stock, resulting in   $772.9 million   of dividends payable in December 2016.  

Fair Value Measurements 
  The Company measures certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value. Fair value disclosures are reflected in a three-level hierarchy, maximizing the use of observable inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs. The Company did not have any significant changes to the valuation techniques used to measure fair value as described in the Company's   December 31, 2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , the fair value of the Company s debt obligations was estimated at   $28.8 billion  , compared to a carrying amount of   $26.0 billion  . The fair value was based upon quoted market prices, Level 2 within the valuation hierarchy. The carrying amounts of cash and equivalents, short-term investments and notes receivable approximate fair value. 
  
   7 

Table of Contents  

Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities 
  The Company is exposed to global market risks, including the effect of changes in interest rates and foreign currency fluctuations. The Company uses foreign currency denominated debt and derivative instruments to mitigate the impact of these changes. The Company does not hold or issue derivatives for trading purposes. 
  The following table presents the fair values of derivative instruments included on the condensed consolidated balance sheet: 

The following table presents the pretax amounts affecting income and other comprehensive income ( OCI ) for the   nine months   ended   September 30,     2016   and   2015  , respectively: 

(1) 
    Includes amounts excluded from effectiveness testing, ineffectiveness, and undesignated gains (losses). 
                
    Fair Value Hedges 
     The Company enters into fair value hedges that convert a portion of its fixed-rate debt into floating-rate debt by use of interest rate swaps. At   September 30, 2016  ,   $2.2 billion   of the Company's outstanding fixed-rate debt was effectively converted. For the   nine months   ended   September 30,     2016  , the Company recognized a   $2.2 million     gain   on fair value interest rate swaps, which was exactly offset by a corresponding loss in the fair value of the hedged debt instruments. 
             
    Cash Flow Hedges 
     The Company enters into cash flow hedges to reduce the exposure to variability in certain expected future cash flows.  
  To protect against the reduction in value of forecasted foreign currency cash flows (such as royalties denominated in foreign currencies), the Company uses foreign currency forwards and foreign currency options to hedge a portion of anticipated exposures. The hedges cover the next   18   months for certain exposures and are denominated in various currencies. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had derivatives outstanding with an equivalent notional amount of   $676.5 million   that hedged a portion of forecasted foreign currency denominated royalties.  
  Based on market conditions at   September 30, 2016  , the   $1.4 million   in cumulative cash flow hedging   gains  , after tax, is not expected to have a significant effect on earnings over the next 12 months. 
             
    Net Investment Hedges 
     The Company primarily uses foreign currency denominated debt (third party and intercompany) to hedge its investments in certain foreign subsidiaries and affiliates. Realized and unrealized translation adjustments from these hedges are included in shareholders' equity in the foreign currency translation component of OCI and offset translation adjustments on the underlying net assets of foreign subsidiaries and affiliates, which also are recorded in OCI. As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $8.4 billion   of the Company's third party foreign currency denominated debt,   $3.3 billion   of intercompany foreign currency denominated debt and   $297.7 million   of derivatives were designated to hedge investments in certain foreign subsidiaries and affiliates. 
             
    Credit Risk 
     The Company is exposed to credit-related losses in the event of non-performance by its derivative counterparties. The Company did not have significant exposure to any individual counterparty at   September 30, 2016   and has master agreements that contain netting arrangements. For financial reporting purposes, the Company presents gross derivative balances in the financial statements and supplementary data, including for counterparties subject to netting arrangements. Some of these agreements also require each party to post collateral if credit ratings fall below, or aggregate exposures exceed, certain contractual limits. At   September 30, 2016  , the Company was required to post an immaterial amount of collateral due to certain derivatives having negative positions. The Company's counterparties were not required to post collateral on any derivative position, other than on hedges of certain of the Company s supplemental benefit plan liabilities where the counterparties were required to post collateral on their liability positions. 

Segment Information 
  The Company franchises and operates McDonald s restaurants in the global restaurant industry. The following reporting segments reflect how management reviews and evaluates operating performance.  
             
    U.S. - the Company's largest segment. 
                
    International Lead Markets - established markets including Australia, Canada, France, Germany, the U.K. and related markets.  
                
    High Growth Markets - markets the Company believes have relatively higher restaurant expansion and franchising potential including China, Italy, Korea, Poland, Russia, Spain, Switzerland, the Netherlands and related markets.  
                
    Foundational Markets   Corporate - the remaining markets in the McDonald's system, each of which the Company believes have the potential to operate under a largely franchised model. Corporate activities are also reported within this segment.  
     The following table presents the Company s revenues and operating income by segment.  

Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
  Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting 
  In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-09,  Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  The goal of this update is to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows. This update is effective beginning January 1, 2017 with early adoption permitted. 
  The Company elected to early adopt ASU 2016-09 in the second quarter 2016, which required reflection of any adjustments as of January 1, 2016. The primary impact of adoption was the recognition of excess tax benefits as a reduction to the provision for income taxes  for all periods reported in fiscal year 2016.  
  Additional amendments to ASU 2016-09 related to income taxes and minimum statutory withholding tax requirements had no impact to retained earnings, where the cumulative effect of these changes are required to be recorded. The Company also elected to continue estimating forfeitures when determining the amount of compensation costs to be recognized in each period.  
  The presentation requirements for cash flows related to excess tax benefits were applied prospectively; as such, prior years have not been restated. The presentation requirements for cash flows related to employee taxes paid for withheld shares had no impact to any of the periods presented in the consolidated statement of cash flows, since such cash flows have historically been presented in financing activities.  
     Lease Accounting 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842),  to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Company anticipates ASU 2016-02 to have a material impact on the consolidated balance sheet. The impact on the Company s consolidated statement of income is currently being evaluated. The impact of ASU 2016-02 is non-cash in nature, as such, it will not affect the Company s cash position.  
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

Revenue Recognition 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued guidance codified in ASC 606,  Revenue Recognition - Revenue from Contracts with Customers,  which amends the guidance in former ASC 605,  Revenue Recognition.  In July 2015, the FASB made a decision to defer by one year the effective date of its new standard to January 1, 2018, although early adoption is permitted as of January 1, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASC 606. 

Subsequent Events 
  The Company evaluated subsequent events through the date the financial statements were issued and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. There were no subsequent events that required recognition or disclosure. 
  
   9 

Table of Contents  

Item  2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
  Overview 
  The Company franchises and operates McDonald s restaurants. Of the   36,615   restaurants in   120   countries at   September 30, 2016  ,   30,559   were licensed to franchisees (comprised of   21,456   franchised to conventional franchisees,   5,742   licensed to developmental licensees and   3,361   licensed to foreign affiliates ( affiliates )   primarily in Japan) and   6,056   were operated by the Company.  
  Under McDonald's conventional franchise arrangement, franchisees provide a portion of the capital required by initially investing in the equipment, signs, seating and d cor of their restaurant business, and by reinvesting in the business over time. The Company owns the land and building or secures long-term leases for both Company-operated and conventional franchised restaurant sites. This maintains long-term occupancy rights, helps control related costs and assists in alignment with franchisees enabling restaurant performance levels that are among the highest in the industry. In certain circumstances, the Company participates in the reinvestment for conventional franchised restaurants in an effort to accelerate implementation of certain initiatives.  
  Under McDonald's developmental license arrangement, licensees provide capital for the entire business, including the real estate interest, and the Company has no capital invested. In addition, the Company has an equity investment in a limited number of affiliates that invest in real estate and operate or franchise restaurants within a market. 
  McDonald's is primarily a franchisor and believes franchising is paramount to delivering great-tasting food, locally-relevant customer experiences and driving profitability. Franchising enables an individual to own a restaurant business and maintain control over staffing, purchasing, marketing and pricing decisions, while also benefiting from the financial strength and global experience of McDonald's. However, directly operating restaurants is important to being a credible franchisor and provides Company personnel with restaurant operations experience. In Company-operated restaurants, and in collaboration with franchisees, McDonald's further develops and refines operating standards, marketing concepts and product and pricing strategies, so that only those that the Company believes are most beneficial are introduced in the restaurants. McDonald's continually reviews its mix of Company-operated and franchised restaurants to help optimize overall performance, with a goal to be 95% franchised over the long term. 
  The Company s revenues consist of sales by Company-operated restaurants and fees from restaurants operated by franchisees. Revenues from conventional franchised restaurants include rent and royalties based on a percent of sales along with minimum rent payments, and initial fees. Revenues from restaurants licensed to affiliates and developmental licensees include a royalty based on a percent of sales, and generally include initial fees. Fees vary by type of site, amount of Company investment, if any, and local business conditions. These fees, along with occupancy and operating rights, are stipulated in franchise/license agreements that generally have 20-year terms. 
  The business is structured with segments that combine markets with similar characteristics and opportunities for growth. Significant reportable segments include the United States ("U.S."), International Lead Markets and High Growth Markets. In addition, throughout this report we present the Foundational Markets   Corporate segment which includes markets in over 80 countries, as well as Corporate activities. For the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , the U.S., the International Lead Markets and the High Growth Markets accounted for   33%  ,   29%   and   25%   of total revenues, respectively. 
  Strategic Direction 
  The strength of the alignment among the Company, its franchisees and suppliers (collectively referred to as the  System ) has been key to McDonald's long-term success. By leveraging the System, McDonald s is able to identify, implement and scale ideas that meet customers' changing needs and preferences. In addition, the Company s business model enables the System to build on its competitive advantages of geographic diversification and System alignment that have been created over time to consistently deliver locally-relevant restaurant experiences to customers and be an integral part of the communities it serves. 
  McDonald s aspires to be viewed by its customers as a modern and progressive burger company delivering a contemporary customer experience and continues to execute on the three priorities of the turnaround plan - driving operating growth, building brand excitement and enhancing financial value. The turnaround plan is grounded on running great restaurants and providing customers with what matters most to them - hot and fresh food, fast and friendly service, and a contemporary restaurant experience at the value and convenience of McDonald s.  
  Management is encouraged by the progress the Company has made to execute the turnaround plan, as evidenced by stronger business results and improved customer perceptions of McDonald's over the past eighteen months. The Company is now beginning to transition from revitalization to strengthening its business to drive long-term sustainable growth. As the Company pursues its refranchising and restructuring targets, it will unlock financial value and direct its resources towards innovations and investments that will strengthen the Company's ability to deliver a better McDonald's experience over time. The Company is putting the customer at the center of everything it does and remains focused on serving more customers and growing global comparable sales while being mindful of the near-term challenges in several markets. 
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  

Financial Performance 
  The Company continues to make meaningful progress towards improving efficiencies and reducing costs, and most importantly driving top-line growth, despite a challenging environment in several key markets.  For the third quarter and nine months, global comparable sales increased 3.5% and 4.2%, respectively, driven by stronger operating performance across all segments, with third quarter marking the Company s fifth consecutive quarter of positive comparable sales growth across all segments.  
  Amidst continued industry softness, comparable sales in the U.S. increased 1.3% for the quarter and 2.7% for the nine months, supported by All Day Breakfast, everyday value under the McPick 2 platform and the introduction of Chicken McNuggets with no artificial preservatives. McDonald s U.S. begins the fourth quarter with an expanded All Day Breakfast menu and continued emphasis on food quality and the customer experience. 
  Comparable sales for the International Lead Markets increased 3.3% for the quarter and 3.6% for the nine months, reflecting strong sales in the U.K. and positive results in Australia, Canada and Germany, as strong execution of core menu, compelling value and convenience strategies continued to resonate with consumers.  
   In the High Growth Markets, comparable sales increased 1.5% for the quarter and 2.2% for the nine months, reflecting positive performance in nearly all markets for both periods. The quarter was partially offset by negative comparable sales in China due in part to temporary protests related to events surrounding the South China Sea and comparison against very strong prior year results.  
  Consolidated operating income for the quarter and nine months benefited from stronger operating performance and higher gains on sales of restaurant businesses, partly offset by pre-tax restructuring and non-cash impairment charges of $128 million in the quarter and $357 million for the nine months related to the Company s global G A and refranchising initiatives. The nine months of 2015 included pre-tax strategic charges primarily related to store closing costs, restructuring and other asset write-offs totaling $240 million.  
  Third Quarter and   Nine Months   2016 Highlights: 
             
    Global comparable sales increased 3.5% for the quarter and 4.2% for the   nine months  , reflecting positive comparable sales in all segments 
                
    Due to the impact of refranchising, consolidated revenues decreased 3% (1% in constant currencies) for the quarter and decreased 3% (flat in constant currencies) for the   nine months    
                
    Consolidated operating income increased 5% (7% in constant currencies) for the quarter and increased 10% (12% in constant currencies) for the   nine months  , which included restructuring and non-cash impairment charges of $128 million in the quarter and $357 million for the   nine months   related to the Company s global G A and refranchising initiatives. The nine months of 2015 included strategic charges primarily related to store closing costs, restructuring and other asset write-offs totaling $240 million  
                
    Diluted earnings per share of $1.50 for the quarter increased 7% (9% in constant currencies) and $4.01 for the   nine months   increased 15% (17% in constant currencies), which included strategic charges totaling $0.12 per share for the quarter and $.30 per share for the   nine months  . Excluding the impact of the current and prior year charges, diluted earnings per share increased 16% (17% in constant currencies) for the quarter and 17% (19% in constant currencies) for the nine months 
                
    Returned $3.4 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends for the quarter. This brings the cumulative return to shareholders to $27.8 billion against the targeted return of about $30 billion for the three-year period ending 2016. In addition, the Company announced a 6% increase in its dividend beginning in the fourth quarter 
       
  Outlook  
  While the Company does not provide specific guidance on earnings per share, the following global and certain segment-specific information is provided to assist in forecasting the Company s future results. 
             
    Changes in Systemwide sales are driven by comparable sales and net restaurant unit expansion. The Company expects net restaurant additions to add approximately 1 percentage point to 2016 Systemwide sales growth (in constant currencies). 
                
    The Company does not generally provide specific guidance on changes in comparable sales. However, as a perspective, assuming no change in cost structure, a 1 percentage point change in comparable sales for either the U.S. or the International Lead Markets would change annual diluted earnings per share by about 4 cents.   
                
    With about 75% of McDonald's grocery bill comprised of 10 different commodities, a basket of goods approach is the most comprehensive way to look at the Company's commodity costs. For the full-year 2016, costs for the total basket of goods are expected to decrease about 4.5-5.0% in the U.S. and remain relatively flat in the International Lead Markets. 
                
    The Company expects full-year 2016 selling, general and administrative expenses to be relatively flat in constant currencies. Some volatility may be experienced between quarters.   
     
   11 

     Table of Contents  

Based on current interest and foreign currency exchange rates, the Company expects interest expense for the full-year 2016 to increase about 40-45% compared with 2015 due to higher average debt balances in connection with the Company's previously-announced plans to optimize its capital structure. 
                
    A significant part of the Company's operating income is generated outside the U.S., and about 40% of its total debt is denominated in foreign currencies. Accordingly, earnings are affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly the Euro, British Pound, Australian Dollar and Canadian Dollar. Collectively, these currencies represent approximately 65% of the Company's operating income outside the U.S. If all four of these currencies moved by 10% in the same direction, the Company's annual diluted earnings per share would change by up to 25 cents.   
                
    The Company expects the effective income tax rate for the full-year 2016 to be in the 31-33% range. Some volatility may be experienced between the quarters resulting in a quarterly tax rate outside of the annual range. 
                
    The Company expects capital expenditures for 2016 to be approximately $2.0 billion, less than half of which are expected to be used to open new restaurants. The Company expects to open about 900 restaurants, including about 400 restaurants in affiliated and developmental-licensee markets where the Company does not fund any capital expenditures. The Company expects net additions of about 400 restaurants. The remaining capital is expected to be used to reinvest in existing locations. 
                
    The Company continues to optimize its capital structure and expects to return about $30 billion to shareholders for the three-year period ending 2016. The cumulative return through the September 30, 2016 was approximately $28 billion. 
       
  Long-term 
             
    The Company expects to refranchise about 4,000 restaurants through 2018 with a long-term goal to become 95% franchised. The majority of the refranchising is expected to take place in the High Growth and Foundational markets.    
                
    The Company expects to realize net annual G A savings of about $500 million from our G A base of $2.6 billion at the beginning of 2015, the vast majority of which is expected to be realized by the end of 2017. These savings will be realized through our refranchising efforts, streamlining across corporate, segment and market organizations, primarily in non-customer facing functions, and realizing greater efficiencies in the Company's Global Business Services platform. This target excludes the impact of foreign currency changes. We expect to realize a cumulative total of at least $150 million in savings by the end of 2016, with about half of these savings already achieved in 2015. 
                
    In connection with executing against our refranchising and G A targets, we may incur additional strategic charges. 
     The Following Definitions Apply to these Terms as Used Throughout this Form 10-Q: 
             
    Information in   constant currency   is calculated by translating current year results at prior year average exchange rates. Management reviews and analyzes business results excluding the effect of foreign currency translation and bases incentive compensation plans on these results because they believe this better represents the Company s underlying business trends. 
                
    Systemwide sales   include sales at all restaurants, whether operated by the Company or by franchisees. While franchised sales are not recorded as revenues by the Company, management believes the information is important in understanding the Company s financial performance because these sales are the basis on which the Company calculates and records franchised revenues and are indicative of the financial health of the franchisee base. 
                
    Comparable sales   represent sales at all restaurants and   comparable guest counts   represent the number of transactions at all restaurants, whether operated by the Company or by franchisees, in operation at least thirteen months including those temporarily closed. Some of the reasons restaurants may be temporarily closed include reimaging or remodeling, rebuilding, road construction and natural disasters. Comparable sales exclude the impact of currency translation. Comparable sales are driven by changes in guest counts and average check, which is affected by changes in pricing and product mix. Typically, pricing has a greater impact on average check than product mix. Management reviews the increase or decrease in comparable sales and comparable guest counts compared with the same period in the prior year to assess business trends.  
     
   12 

Table of Contents  

n/m Not meaningful 
  
   13 

     Table of Contents  

Impact of Foreign Currency Translation 
  While changes in foreign currency exchange rates affect reported results, McDonald's mitigates exposures, where practical, by purchasing goods and services in local currencies, financing in local currencies and hedging certain foreign-denominated cash flows. Management reviews and analyzes business results excluding the effect of foreign currency translation and bases incentive compensation plans on these results, because the Company believes this better represents underlying business trends. Results excluding the effect of foreign currency translation (also referred to as constant currency) are calculated by translating current year results at prior year average exchange rates.      

The impact of foreign currency translation on consolidated operating results for the quarter primarily reflected the weaker British Pound. The nine months reflected the strengthening of the U.S. Dollar against the British Pound and most other currencies.    
    
  Net Income and Diluted Earnings per Common Share 
  For the quarter, net income   decreased     3%   (  1%   in constant currencies) to   $1,275.4 million  , and diluted earnings per share   increased     7%   (up   9%   in constant currencies) to   $1.50  . Foreign currency translation had a   negative   impact of   $0.03   on diluted earnings per share. 
  For the   nine months  , net income   increased     5%   (  7%   in constant currencies) to   $3,493.1 million  , and diluted earnings per share   increased     15%   (  17%   in constant currencies) to   $4.01  . Foreign currency translation had a negative impact of   $0.08   on diluted earnings per share. 
  Results for the quarter and nine months benefited from stronger operating performance and higher gains on sales of restaurant businesses, partly offset by pre-tax restructuring and non-cash impairment charges of $128 million in the quarter and $357 million for the nine months related to the Company s global G A and refranchising initiatives. The nine months of 2015 included pre-tax strategic charges primarily related to store closing costs, restructuring and other asset write-offs totaling $240 million.  
  Excluding the impact of the current and prior year charges, diluted earnings per share increased 16% (17% in constant currencies) for the quarter and 17% (19% in constant currencies) for the nine months. This supplemental information is provided to help investors understand the impact of the current and prior year charges on the Company s results. 
  Diluted earnings per share for both periods benefited from a decrease in diluted weighted-average shares outstanding due to share repurchases. During the quarter, the Company repurchased   23.3 million   shares of stock for   $2.7 billion  , bringing total purchases for the   nine months   to   80.4 million   shares or   $9.8 billion  . In addition, the Company paid a quarterly dividend of   $0.89   per share, or   $745.1 million  , bringing the total dividends paid for the   nine months   to $  2.3 billion  . 
  
   14 

     Table of Contents  

Revenues 
  Revenues consist of sales by Company-operated restaurants and fees from restaurants operated by franchisees. Revenues from conventional franchised restaurants include rent and royalties based on a percent of sales along with minimum rent payments and initial fees. Revenues from franchised restaurants that are licensed to affiliates and developmental licensees include a royalty based on a percent of sales and generally include initial fees.  
  The Company is accelerating the pace of refranchising to optimize its restaurant ownership mix, generate more stable and predictable revenue and cash flow streams, and operate with a less resource-intensive structure. The shift to a greater percentage of franchised restaurants negatively impacts consolidated revenues as Company-operated sales are replaced by franchised sales, where the Company receives rent and/or royalty revenue based on a percentage of sales. 

15 

     Table of Contents  

Revenues:   Revenues   decreased     3%   (  1%   in constant currencies) for the quarter and   decreased     3%   (flat in constant currencies) for the   nine months  .  
                
    U.S.:   Revenues decreased for the quarter and   nine months   due to the impact of refranchising, partly offset by positive comparable sales. 
                
    International Lead Markets:   Revenues decreased for both periods partly due to negative foreign currency translation. In constant currencies, revenues decreased for the quarter and were flat for the nine months due to the impact of refranchising, partly offset by strong sales in the U.K. and positive results in Australia, Canada and Germany. 
                
    High Growth Markets:   Revenues were flat for the quarter and decreased for the nine months partly due to negative foreign currency translation. In constant currencies, revenues increased for both periods due to positive comparable sales in most markets and continued expansion in Russia. For the quarter, revenues were partly offset by negative comparable sales in China due in part to temporary protests related to events surrounding the South China Sea and comparison against very strong prior year results. 
       
  Comparable Sales and Guest Counts 
    
  The following table presents the percent change in comparable sales for the quarters and   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

* 
    On a consolidated basis, comparable guest counts (the number of transactions at all restaurants, whether operated by the Company or by franchisees, in operation at least thirteen months, including those temporarily closed) decreased   0.1%   and   3.1%   for the   nine months   ended 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
     
   16 

     Table of Contents  

Systemwide Sales and Franchised Sales 
  The following table presents the percent change in Systemwide sales for the quarter and   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  : 

Franchised sales are not recorded as revenues by the Company, but are the basis on which the Company calculates and records franchised revenues and are indicative of the health of the franchisee base. The following table presents Franchised sales and the related increases/(decreases): 

*  
    Sales from developmental licensed restaurants and foreign affiliated markets where the Company earns a royalty based on a percent of sales totaled   $3,705.6 million   and   $3,177.4 million   for the quarters   2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $9,990.0 million   and   $9,110.1 million   for the   nine months     2016   and   2015  , respectively. Results reflected improved performance in Japan, partly due to the stronger Yen, and improved performance across most markets. These results were partly offset by weaker currencies in Latin America. The remaining balance of franchised sales is derived from conventional franchised restaurants where the Company earns rent and royalties based primarily on a percent of sales.  
     
   17 

     Table of Contents  

Restaurant Margins 

Franchised:   Franchised margin dollars   increased     $98.3 million   or   5%   (  6%   in constant currencies) for the quarter and   increased      $284.3 million   or   5%   (  7%   in constant currencies) for the   nine months  . Both periods benefited from expansion and refranchising, as well as positive comparable sales performance. 
                
    U.S.:   The franchised margin percent declined in the quarter and increased for the nine months. Positive comparable sales contributed to both periods, but for the quarter was more than offset by higher occupancy costs.  
                
    International Lead Markets:   The increase in the franchised margin percent for the quarter and   nine months   reflected the benefit from positive comparable sales performance, partly offset by refranchising. 
                
    High Growth Markets:   The decrease in the franchised margin percent for the quarter and   nine months   was primarily due to refranchising and higher occupancy costs. 
     In general, refranchising may have a dilutive effect on the franchised margin percent, but results in higher franchised margin dollars. 
             
    Company-operated:   Company-operated margin dollars   increased     $57.4 million   or   9%   (  11%   in constant currencies) for the quarter and   increased     $79.5 million   or   4%   (  8%   in constant currencies) for the   nine months  . 
                
    U.S.:   The Company-operated margin percent increased for the quarter and   nine months  . Both periods reflected positive comparable sales and lower commodity costs. The incremental investment in wages and benefits for eligible Company-operated restaurant employees impacted results for the nine months.  
                
    International Lead Markets:   The Company-operated margin percent increased for the quarter and   nine months   primarily due to positive comparable sales, partly offset by higher labor and occupancy costs.  
     
   18 

     Table of Contents  

High Growth Markets:   The Company-operated margin percent increased for the quarter and   nine months   due to improved restaurant profitability in China, which benefited from recent VAT reform. Higher labor costs across the segment pressured margins for both periods. 
       
  The following table presents Company-operated restaurant margin components as a percent of sales: 

Selling, General   Administrative Expenses 
             
    Selling, general and administrative expenses were flat for the quarter and nine months benefiting from negative foreign currency translation. In constant currencies, selling, general and administrative expenses   increased     1%   for the quarter and   nine months  . These results were due to higher incentive-based compensation costs reflecting improved Company performance, partly offset by lower employee-related costs resulting from the Company's recent restructuring initiatives. The nine months also included costs associated with the 2016 Worldwide Owner/Operator Convention.  
      Other Operating (Income) Expense, Net 

Gains on sales of restaurant businesses increased for the quarter and   nine months  , primarily in the U.S.  
                
    Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates increased for the quarter and   nine months   due to improved performance in Japan.  
                
    Asset dispositions and other expense increased for the quarter and decreased for the   nine months  . The   nine months   of 2015 included asset write-offs resulting from the decision to close under-performing restaurants, mostly in the U.S. and China. 
                
    Impairment and other charges, net increased for the quarter and   nine months   due to restructuring and non-cash impairment charges related to the Company's global G A and refranchising initiatives. The nine months of 2015 included strategic charges relating to asset write-offs as part of the Company's refranchising initiative in certain Foundational markets, and global restructuring charges. 
     
   19 

     Table of Contents  

Operating Income 

n/m Not meaningful 
             
    Operating Income:   Operating income   increased     $107.0 million   or 5% (  7%   in constant currencies) for the quarter and   increased     $510.4 million   or   10%   (  12%   in constant currencies) for the   nine months  . Both periods were impacted by strategic charges of $128 million in the quarter and $357 million for the nine months. The nine months of 2015 included strategic charges primarily related to store closing costs, restructuring and other asset write-offs totaling $240 million.  
                
    U.S.:   The increase in operating income for the quarter and   nine months   was primarily due to higher sales-driven franchised margin dollars, improved Company-operated restaurant performance and higher gains from restaurant refranchising, partly offset by strategic charges. In addition, the nine months of 2015 included restructuring and restaurant closing charges.  
                
    International Lead Markets:   The constant currency operating income increase for the quarter and   nine months   was primarily due to sales-driven improvements in franchised margin dollars across most markets. 
                
    High Growth Markets:   The constant currency operating income increase for the quarter and   nine months   primarily reflected  improved restaurant profitability in China. 
                
    Foundational Markets and Corporate:   The constant currency operating income decrease for the quarter and   nine months   primarily reflected the impact of restructuring and non-cash impairment charges related to the Company's global G A and refranchising initiatives. In addition, for the nine months, Corporate selling, general and administrative expenses were higher largely due to the centralization of certain costs. For both periods, results benefited from Japan's strong performance. 
                
    Operating Margin:   Operating margin is defined as operating income as a percent of total revenues. Operating margin was   31.1%   and   27.6%   for the   nine months   ended   2016   and   2015  , respectively.  
     Interest Expense 
             
    Interest expense   increased     38%   for the quarter and   45%   for the   nine months   primarily due to higher average debt balances in connection with the Company's previously-announced plans to optimize its capital structure, partly offset by lower average interest rates.  
     
   20 

     Table of Contents  

Nonoperating (Income) Expense, Net 

Income Taxes 
             
    The effective income tax rate was   33.0%   and   30.3%   for the quarters ended   2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   31.9%   and   31.4%   for the   nine months   ended   2016   and   2015  , respectively. The higher effective tax rate for the quarter was primarily due to lower tax benefits associated with the Company's ongoing foreign cash repatriation, partially offset by a favorable shift in the mix of income. The effective income tax rate for both periods benefited from the early adoption of new accounting guidance related to share-based compensation. 
     Cash Flows and Financial Position 
  The Company generates significant cash from operations and has substantial credit capacity to fund operating and discretionary spending such as capital expenditures, debt repayments, dividends and share repurchases. 
  Cash provided by operations totaled   $5.2 billion   and exceeded capital expenditures by   $4.1 billion   for the nine months   2016  . Cash provided by operations   increased     $84 million   compared with the nine months   2015  , primarily due to improved operating results, partly offset by the impact from weaker foreign currencies. 
  Cash used for investing activities totaled   $811 million   for the nine months   2016  , a   decrease   of   $304 million   compared with the nine months   2015  , primarily due to higher proceeds from sales of restaurant businesses. 
  Cash used for financing activities totaled   $9.9 billion   for the nine months   2016  , an   increase   of   $6.4 billion   compared with the nine months   2015  , primarily due to higher treasury stock purchases and a decrease in net borrowings. 
  Debt obligations at   September 30, 2016   totaled   $26.0 billion   compared with   $24.1 billion   at   December 31, 2015  . The increase was primarily due to long-term debt issuances of $3.4 billion, party offset by net debt repayments of $1.6 billion. 
  Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
  Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting 
  In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-09,  Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  The goal of this update is to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows. This update is effective beginning January 1, 2017 with early adoption permitted. 
  The Company elected to early adopt ASU 2016-09 in the second quarter 2016, which required reflection of any adjustments as of January 1, 2016. The primary impact of adoption was the recognition of excess tax benefits as a reduction to the provision for income taxes  for all periods reported in fiscal year 2016.  
  Additional amendments to ASU 2016-09 related to income taxes and minimum statutory withholding tax requirements had no impact to retained earnings, where the cumulative effect of these changes are required to be recorded. The Company also elected to continue estimating forfeitures when determining the amount of compensation costs to be recognized in each period.  
  The presentation requirements for cash flows related to excess tax benefits were applied prospectively; as such, prior years have not been restated. The presentation requirements for cash flows related to employee taxes paid for withheld shares had no impact to any of the periods presented in the consolidated statement of cash flows, since such cash flows have historically been presented in financing activities.  
  Lease Accounting 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842),  to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Company anticipates ASU 2016-02 to have a material impact on the consolidated balance sheet.  
  
   21 

     Table of Contents  

The impact on the Company s consolidated statement of income is currently being evaluated. The impact of ASU 2016-02 is non-cash in nature, as such, it will not affect the Company s cash position.  
  Revenue Recognition 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued guidance codified in ASC 606,  Revenue Recognition - Revenue from Contracts with Customers,  which amends the guidance in former ASC 605,  Revenue Recognition.  In July 2015, the FASB made a decision to defer by one year the effective date of its new standard to January 1, 2018, although early adoption is permitted as of January 1, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASC 606. 
  
   22 

Table of Contents  

Risk Factors and Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
  T  he information in this report includes forward-looking statements about future events and circumstances and their effects upon revenues, expenses and business opportunities.  Generally speaking, any statement in this report not based upon historical fact is a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking statements can also be identified by the use of forward-looking words, such as  may,   will,   expect,   believe  and  plan  or similar expressions. In particular, statements regarding our plans, strategies, prospects and expectations regarding our business and industry, including those under "Outlook", are forward-looking statements. They reflect our expectations, are not guarantees of performance and speak only as of the date of this report. Except as required by law, we do not undertake to update them. Our expectations (or the underlying assumptions) may change or not be realized, and you should not rely unduly on forward-looking statements. Our business results are subject to a variety of risks, including those that are reflected in the following considerations and factors, as well as elsewhere in our filings with the SEC. If any of these considerations or risks materialize, our expectations may change and  our performance may be adversely affected. 
  If we do not successfully design and execute our business strategies, we may not be able to increase operating income or market share. 
  To drive future results, we must design business strategies to be effective in delivering operating income growth. Whether we successfully execute these strategies depends mainly on our System s ability to: 
             
    Continue to innovate and differentiate in all aspects of the McDonald s experience in a way that balances value to our customers with profitability; 
                
    Reinvest in our restaurants and identify and develop restaurant sites consistent with our System s plans for net growth of System-wide restaurants; 
                
    Provide clean and friendly environments that deliver a consistent McDonald's experience and demonstrate high service levels; 
                
    Drive restaurant improvements that achieve optimal capacity, particularly during peak mealtime hours; and 
                
    Manage the complexity of our restaurant operations. 
     If we are delayed or unsuccessful in executing our strategies, or if our strategies do not yield the desired results, our business, financial condition and results of operations may suffer. 
  The implementation of our turnaround plan may intensify the risks we face and may not be successful in driving improved performance. 
  Our turnaround plan includes an accelerated pace of refranchising, cost savings and global restructuring. In addition, we have increased our leverage. As we continue to implement our plans, the existing risks we face in our business may be intensified. Our efforts to reduce costs and capital expenditures depend, in part, upon our refranchising efforts, which, in turn, depend upon our ability to identify qualified and capable franchisees and licensees. Our cost savings initiatives also depend upon our ability to achieve efficiencies through the consolidation of global, back-office functions. Therefore, if our turnaround-related initiatives are not successful, take longer to complete than initially projected, or are not executed well, or if our cost reduction efforts adversely impact our effectiveness, our business operations, financial results and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
  We face intense competition in our markets, which could hurt our business. 
  We compete primarily in the  informal eating out  (IEO) segment, which is highly competitive. We are facing slowing restaurant industry trends in several key markets, including the U.S., as well as sustained, intense competition from traditional, fast casual and other competitors, which may include many non-traditional market participants such as convenience stores, grocery stores and coffee shops. We expect our environment to continue to be highly competitive and in any particular reporting period our results may be impacted by new actions of our competitors, which may have a short- or long-term impact on our results. 
  We compete on the basis of product choice, quality, affordability, service and location. In particular, we believe our ability to compete successfully in the current market environment depends on our ability to improve existing products, develop new products, price our products appropriately, manage the complexity of our restaurant operations and respond effectively to our competitors  actions.  Recognizing these dependencies, we have intensified our focus in recent periods on strategies to achieve these goals, including the turnaround plan described above, and we will likely continue to modify our strategies and implement new strategies in the future. There can be no assurance these strategies will be effective, and some strategies may be effective at improving some metrics while adversely affecting other metrics. 
  If we do not anticipate and address evolving consumer preferences, our business could suffer. 
  Our continued success depends on our System s ability to anticipate and respond effectively to continuously shifting consumer demographics, trends in food sourcing, food preparation and consumer preferences in the IEO segment. In order to deliver a relevant experience for our customers amidst a highly competitive, value-driven operating environment, we must implement initiatives to adapt at an aggressive pace. There is no assurance that these initiatives will be successful and, if they are not, our financial results could be adversely impacted. 
  
   23 

     Table of Contents  

If our pricing, promotional and marketing plans are not effective, our results may be negatively impacted. 
  Our results depend on the impact of our pricing, promotional and marketing plans and our System s ability to efficiently adjust these plans to respond quickly and effectively to evolving customer preferences, as well as economic and competitive conditions. Our existing or future pricing strategies and the value proposition they represent will continue to be important components of our overall plan, may not be successful and could negatively impact sales and margins. The promotion of our menu offerings, including through expanded digital engagement with our customers, may yield results below desired levels. 
  Additionally, we operate in an increasingly complex and costly advertising environment. Our marketing and advertising programs may not be successful and we may fail to attract and retain customers. We have expanded engagement with our customers through digital media and loyalty initiatives. Our success depends in part on whether our allocation of our advertising and marketing resources across different channels allows us to effectively reach our customers. If our advertising and marketing programs are not successful, or are not as successful as those of our competitors, our sales, guest counts and market share could decrease. 
  Failure to preserve the value and relevance of our brand could have a negative impact on our financial results. 
  To be successful in the future, we believe we must preserve, enhance and leverage the value of our brand. Brand value is based in part on consumer perceptions on a variety of factors, including the nutritional content and preparation of our food, the ingredients we use, our business practices and the manner in which we source the commodities we use. Consumer acceptance of our offerings is subject to change for a variety of reasons. For example, nutritional, health and other scientific studies and conclusions, which constantly evolve and often have contradictory implications, drive popular opinion, litigation and regulation (including initiatives intended to drive consumer behavior) in ways that affect the IEO segment or perceptions of our brand and could be material to our business. Perceptions may also be affected by third parties presenting or promoting adverse commentary or perceptions of the quick-service category of the IEO segment, our brand and/or our operations, our suppliers or our franchisees. If we are unsuccessful in addressing such adverse commentary or perceptions, our brand and our financial results may suffer. 
  Additionally, the ongoing relevance of our brand may depend on the success of our sustainability initiatives, which will require System-wide coordination and alignment. If we are not effective in addressing social responsibility matters, trust in our brand may suffer. Also, if we are unable to articulate and achieve relevant sustainability goals, consumers may lose confidence in our brand. In particular, business incidents that erode consumer trust or confidence, particularly if such incidents receive considerable publicity or result in litigation, can significantly reduce brand value and have a negative impact on our financial results. 
  Unfavorable general economic conditions could adversely affect our business and financial results. 
  Our results of operations are substantially affected by economic conditions, which can vary significantly by market and can impact consumer disposable income levels and spending habits. Economic conditions can also be impacted by a variety of factors including hostilities, epidemics and actions taken by governments to manage national economic matters, whether through austerity or stimulus measures and initiatives intended to control wages, unemployment, credit availability, inflation, taxation and other economic drivers. Continued adverse economic conditions or adverse changes in economic conditions in our markets could pressure our operating performance, and our business and financial results may suffer. 
  Supply chain interruptions may increase costs or reduce revenues. 
  We depend on the effectiveness of our supply chain management to assure reliable and sufficient product supply, including on favorable terms. Although many of the products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of suppliers in countries around the world, certain products have limited suppliers, which may increase our reliance on those suppliers. Supply chain interruptions, including due to lack of supply or price increases, can adversely affect us or the suppliers and franchisees that are also part of our System and whose performance has a significant impact on our results. Such shortages or disruptions could be caused by factors beyond the control of our suppliers or us. If we experience interruptions in our supply chain, our costs could increase and it could limit the availability of products critical to our operations. 
  Food safety concerns may have an adverse effect on our business. 
  Our ability to increase sales and profits depends on our System s ability to meet expectations for safe food and on our ability to manage the potential impact on McDonald s of food-borne illnesses and food or product safety issues that may arise in the future. Food safety is a top priority, and we dedicate substantial resources to ensure that our customers enjoy safe food products, including as our menu evolves. However, food safety events, including instances of food-borne illness, have occurred in the food industry in the past, and could occur in the future. Instances of food tampering, food contamination or food-borne illness, whether actual or perceived, could adversely affect our brand and reputation as well as our revenues and profits. 
  Our franchise business model presents a number of risks. 
  Our success increasingly relies in part on the financial success and cooperation of our franchisees, yet we have limited influence over their operations. Our restaurant margins arise from two sources: Company-operated restaurants and franchised restaurants. Our franchisees manage their businesses independently, and therefore are responsible for the day-to-day operation of their restaurants. The revenues we realize from franchised restaurants are largely dependent on the ability of our franchisees to grow their sales. If our franchisees do not experience sales growth, our revenues and margins could be negatively affected as a result. Also, if sales trends worsen for franchisees,   
  
   24 

     Table of Contents  

their financial results may deteriorate, which could result in, among other things, restaurant closures or delayed or reduced payments to us.  Our refranchising effort will increase that dependence and the effect of those factors. 
  Our success also depends on the willingness and ability of our independent franchisees to implement major initiatives, which may include financial investment, and to remain aligned with us on operating, promotional and capital-intensive reinvestment plans. The ability of our franchisees to contribute to the achievement of our plans is dependent in large part on the availability of funding at reasonable interest rates and may be negatively impacted by the financial markets in general or by the creditworthiness of our franchisees or the Company. Our operating performance could also be negatively affected if our franchisees experience food safety or other operational problems or project a brand image inconsistent with our values, particularly if our contractual and other rights and remedies are limited, costly to exercise or subject to litigation. If franchisees do not successfully operate restaurants in a manner consistent with our required standards, the brand s image and reputation could be harmed, which in turn could hurt our business and operating results. 
  Our ownership mix also affects our results and financial condition. The decision to own restaurants or to operate under franchise or license agreements is driven by many factors whose interrelationship is complex and changing. Our ability to achieve the benefits of our refranchising strategy, which involves a shift to a greater percentage of franchised restaurants, in a timely manner or at all, will depend on various factors, including our ability to timely and effectively identify franchisees and/or licensees that meet our rigorous standards and/or to complete transactions on favorable terms and to manage associated risks, and will also depend on the performance of our franchisees, and whether the resulting ownership mix supports our financial objectives. 
  Changes in commodity and other operating costs could adversely affect our results of operations. 
  The profitability of our Company-operated restaurants depends in part on our ability to anticipate and react to changes in commodity costs, including food, paper, supply, fuel, utilities, distribution and other operating costs. Any volatility in certain commodity prices could adversely affect our operating results by impacting restaurant profitability. The commodity market for some of the ingredients we use, such as beef and chicken, is particularly volatile and is subject to significant price fluctuations due to seasonal shifts, climate conditions, industry demand, international commodity markets, food safety concerns, product recalls, government regulation and other factors, all of which are beyond our control and, in many instances, unpredictable.  We can only partially address future price risk through hedging and other activities, and therefore increases in commodity costs could have an adverse impact on our profitability. 
  The global scope of our business subjects us to risks that could negatively affect our business. 
  We face differing cultural, regulatory and economic environments that exist within and among the more than 100 countries where McDonald s restaurants operate, and our ability to achieve our business objectives depends on the System's success in these environments. Meeting customer expectations is complicated by the risks inherent in our global operating environment, and our global success is partially dependent on our System s ability to leverage operating successes across markets. Planned initiatives may not have broad appeal with McDonald's customers and could drive unanticipated changes in customer perceptions and guest counts. 
  Disruptions in operations or price volatility in a market can also result from governmental actions, such as price, foreign exchange or import-export controls, increased tariffs, government-mandated closure of our, our franchisees' or our suppliers  operations and asset seizures. The cost and disruption of responding to governmental investigations or inquiries, whether or not they have merit, may impact our results and could cause reputational or other harm. Our international success depends in part on the effectiveness of our strategies and brand-building initiatives to reduce our exposure to such governmental investigations or inquiries. Our results of operations and financial condition are also affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which may adversely affect reported earnings. 
  Additionally, challenges and uncertainties are associated with operating in developing markets, which may entail a relatively higher risk of political instability, economic volatility, crime, corruption and social and ethnic unrest. Such challenges are exacerbated in many cases by a lack of an independent and experienced judiciary and uncertainties in how local law is applied and enforced, including in areas most relevant to commercial transactions and foreign investment. An inability to effectively manage the risks associated with our international operations could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
  The U.K.'s decision to leave the European Union could adversely affect our business. 
  As a result of the U.K.'s decision to leave the European Union through a negotiated exit over a period of time, it is possible that there will be increased regulatory complexities, as well as potential referenda in the U.K. and/or other European countries that could cause uncertainty in European or worldwide economic conditions. In the short term, the decision created volatility in certain foreign currency exchange rates, which may continue. Any of these effects, and others we cannot anticipate, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
  Challenges with respect to talent management could harm our business. 
  Effective succession planning is important to our long-term success. Failure to effectively identify, develop and retain key personnel, recruit high-quality candidates and ensure smooth management and personnel transitions could disrupt our business and adversely affect our results. 
  Our success depends in part on our System s ability to identify, recruit, motivate and retain a qualified workforce to work in our restaurants in an intensely competitive environment. Increased costs associated with recruiting, motivating and retaining qualified employees to work in our Company-operated restaurants could have a negative impact on our Company-operated margins. 
  
   25 

     Table of Contents  

We are also impacted by the costs and other effects of compliance with U.S. and international regulations affecting our workforce, which includes our staff and employees working in our Company-operated restaurants. These regulations are increasingly focused on employment issues including wage and hour, healthcare, immigration, retirement and other employee benefits and unlawful workplace discrimination. Our potential exposure to reputational and other harm regarding our workplace practices or conditions or those of our independent franchisees or suppliers (or perceptions thereof) could have a negative impact on our business. Additionally, economic action, such as boycotts, protests, work stoppages or campaigns by labor organizations, could adversely affect (including the ability to recruit and retain talent) us or the franchisees and suppliers that are also part of the McDonald's System and whose performance may have a material impact on our results. 
  Information technology system failures or interruptions or breaches of network security may interrupt our operations. 
  We are increasingly reliant on technological systems (e.g., point-of-sale and other in-store systems or platforms) as well as technologies which facilitate communication and collaboration internally, with affiliated entities, or with independent third parties to conduct our business, including technology-enabled solutions provided to us by third parties; and any failure of these systems could significantly impact our operations and customer perceptions. Despite the implementation of security measures, those technology systems and solutions could become vulnerable to damage, disability or failures due to theft, fire, power loss, telecommunications failure or other catastrophic events. The third party solutions also present the risks faced by the third party s business.  If those systems or solutions were to fail or otherwise be unavailable, and we were unable to recover in a timely way, we could experience an interruption in our operations. We may also not fully realize the benefits of the significant investments we are making to enhance the customer experience through digital engagement and social media. Furthermore, security breaches involving our systems, the systems of the parties we communicate or collaborate with, or those of third party providers may occur, such as unauthorized access, denial of service, computer viruses and other disruptive problems caused by hackers. Our information technology systems contain personal, financial and other information that is entrusted to us by our customers and employees as well as financial, proprietary and other confidential information related to our business. An actual or alleged security breach could result in system disruptions, shutdowns, theft or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. The occurrence of any of these incidents could result in adverse publicity, loss of consumer confidence, reduced sales and profits, and criminal penalties or civil liabilities. 
  Increasing regulatory complexity may adversely affect restaurant operations and our financial results. 
  Our regulatory environment worldwide exposes us to complex compliance and similar risks that could affect our operations and results in material ways. In many of our markets we are subject to increasing regulation, which has increased our cost of doing business. We are affected by the cost, compliance and other risks associated with the often conflicting and highly prescriptive regulations we face, including where inconsistent standards imposed by multiple governmental authorities can adversely affect our business and increase our exposure to litigation or governmental investigations or proceedings. 
  Our success depends in part on our ability to manage the impact of new, potential or changing regulations that can affect our business plans. These regulations may relate to, among others, product packaging, marketing and the nutritional content and safety of our food and other products, labeling and other disclosure practices, ordinary variations in food preparation among our own restaurants, and the need to rely on the accuracy and completeness of information from third-party suppliers (particularly given varying requirements and practices for testing and disclosure). 
  Additionally, we are working to manage the risks and costs to us, our franchisees and our supply chain of the effects of climate change, greenhouse gases, energy and water resources. The increased public focus, including by governmental and nongovernmental organizations, on these and other environmental sustainability matters (e.g., packaging and waste, animal health and welfare, deforestation and land use) and the increased pressure to make commitments, set targets or establish additional goals and take actions to meet them, could expose us to market, operational and execution costs or risks. If we are unable to effectively manage the risks associated with our complex regulatory environment, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
  We are subject to increasing legal complexity and could be party to litigation that could adversely affect us.  
  Increasing legal complexity will continue to affect our operations and results in material ways. We could be subject to legal proceedings that may adversely affect our business, including class actions, administrative proceedings, government investigations, employment and personal injury claims, landlord/tenant disputes, disputes with current or former suppliers, claims by current or former franchisees, and intellectual property claims (including claims that we infringed another party s trademarks, copyrights, or patents). Inconsistent standards imposed by governmental authorities can adversely affect our business and increase our exposure to litigation. 
  Litigation involving our relationship with franchisees and the legal distinction between our franchisees and us for employment law purposes, if determined adversely, could increase costs, negatively impact the business prospects of our franchisees and subject us to incremental liability for their actions. Similarly, although our commercial relationships with our suppliers remain independent, there may be attempts to challenge that independence, which, if determined adversely, could also increase costs, negatively impact the business prospects of our suppliers, and subject us to incremental liability for their actions. We are also subject to legal and compliance risks and associated liability, such as in the areas of privacy, data collection, protection and management, as it relates to information we collect and share when we provide optional technology-related services and platforms to third parties. 
  
   26 

     Table of Contents  

Our operating results could also be affected by the following: 
             
    The relative level of our defense costs, which vary from period to period depending on the number, nature and procedural status of pending proceedings; 
                
    The cost and other effects of settlements, judgments or consent decrees, which may require us to make disclosures or take other actions that may affect perceptions of our brand and products; 
                
    Adverse results of pending or future litigation, including litigation challenging the composition and preparation of our products, or the appropriateness or accuracy of our marketing or other communication practices; and 
                
    The scope and terms of insurance or indemnification protections that we may have. 
     A judgment significantly in excess of any applicable insurance coverage could materially adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. Further, adverse publicity resulting from these claims may hurt our business. 
  We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property or adequately ensure that we are not infringing the intellectual property of others, which could harm the value of the McDonald s brand and our business. 
  The success of our business depends on our continued ability to use our existing trademarks and service marks in order to increase brand awareness and further develop our branded products in both domestic and international markets. We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, service marks, trade secrets, patents and other intellectual property rights to protect our brand and branded products. We cannot ensure that franchisees and other third parties who hold licenses to our intellectual property will not take actions that hurt the value of our intellectual property. 
  We have registered certain trademarks and have other trademark registrations pending in the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions. The trademarks that we currently use have not been registered in all of the countries outside of the United States in which we do business or may do business in the future and may never be registered in all of these countries. The steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property in the United States and foreign countries may not be adequate. In addition, the steps we have taken may not adequately ensure that we do not infringe the intellectual property of others and third parties may claim infringement by us in the future. In particular, we may be involved in intellectual property claims, including often aggressive or opportunistic attempts to enforce patents used in information technology systems, which might affect our operations and results. Any claim of infringement, whether or not it has merit, could be time-consuming, could result in costly litigation and could harm our business. 
  Changes in tax laws and unanticipated tax liabilities could adversely affect the taxes we pay and our profitability. 
  We are subject to income and other taxes in the United States and foreign jurisdictions, and our operations, plans and results are affected by tax and other initiatives around the world. In particular, we are affected by the impact of changes to tax laws or related authoritative interpretations, particularly if corporate tax reform becomes a key component of budgetary initiatives in the United States and elsewhere. We are also impacted by settlements of pending or any future adjustments proposed by the IRS or other taxing authorities in connection with our tax audits, all of which will depend on their timing, nature and scope.  Any increases in income tax rates, changes in income tax laws or unfavorable resolution of tax matters could have a material adverse impact on our financial results. 
  Changes in accounting standards or the recognition of impairment or other charges may adversely affect our future operations and results. 
  New accounting standards  or changes in financial reporting requirements, accounting principles or practices, including with respect to our critical accounting estimates, could adversely affect our future results. We may also be affected by the nature and timing of decisions about underperforming markets or assets, including decisions that result in impairment or other charges that reduce our earnings. In assessing the recoverability of our long-lived assets, we consider changes in economic conditions and make assumptions regarding estimated future cash flows and other factors. These estimates are highly subjective and can be significantly impacted by many factors such as global and local business and economic conditions, operating costs, inflation, competition, consumer and demographic trends, and our restructuring activities. If our estimates or underlying assumptions change in the future, we may be required to record impairment charges. If we experience any such changes, they could have a significant adverse effect on our reported results for the affected periods. 
  A decrease in our credit ratings or an increase in our funding costs could adversely affect our profitability.  
  We may be negatively affected by the impact of changes in our debt levels or our results of operations on our credit ratings, interest expense, availability of acceptable counterparties, ability to obtain funding on favorable terms or our operating or financial flexibility, especially if lenders impose new operating or financial covenants.  
  Our operations may also be impacted by regulations affecting capital flows, financial markets or financial institutions, which can limit our ability to manage and deploy our liquidity or increase our funding costs. If any of these events were to occur, they could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
  Trading volatility and price of our common stock may be adversely affected by many factors. 
  Many factors affect the volatility and price of our common stock in addition to our operating results and prospects. The most important of these factors, some of which are outside our control, are the following: 
  
   27 

     Table of Contents  

The continuing unpredictable global economic and market conditions; 
                
    Governmental action or inaction in light of key indicators of economic activity or events that can significantly influence financial markets, particularly in the United States which is the principal trading market for our common stock, and media reports and commentary about economic or other matters, even when the matter in question does not directly relate to our business; 
                
    Trading activity in our common stock or trading activity in derivative instruments with respect to our common stock or debt securities, which can be affected by market commentary (including commentary that may be unreliable or incomplete); unauthorized disclosures about our performance, plans or expectations about our business; our actual performance and creditworthiness; investor confidence generally; actions by shareholders and others seeking to influence our business strategies; portfolio transactions in our stock by significant shareholders; or trading activity that results from the ordinary course rebalancing of stock indices in which McDonald s may be included, such as the S P 500 Index and the Dow Jones Industrial Average; 
                
    The impact of our stock repurchase program or dividend rate; and 
                
    The impact on our results of corporate actions and market and third-party perceptions and assessments of such actions, such as those we may take from time to time as we review our corporate structure and strategies in light of business, legal and tax considerations. 
     Our results and prospects can be adversely affected by events such as severe weather conditions, natural disasters, hostilities and social unrest, among others. 
  Severe weather conditions, natural disasters, hostilities and social unrest, terrorist activities, health epidemics or pandemics (or expectations about them) can adversely affect consumer spending and confidence levels or other factors that affect our results and prospects, such as commodity costs. Our receipt of proceeds under any insurance we maintain with respect to certain of these risks may be delayed or the proceeds may be insufficient to offset our losses fully. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
  There were no material changes to the disclosure made in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   regarding this matter. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
  An evaluation was conducted under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of   September 30, 2016  . Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of such date to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms. 
  During the third quarter 2016, the Company commenced a phased initiative to transition some transaction-processing activities within certain accounting processes to a third-party service provider.  The Company is performing the implementation in the ordinary course of business to increase efficiency. This is not in response to any identified deficiency or weakness in the Company's internal control over financial reporting.  Over time, this initiative is expected to continue to enhance the Company's internal control over financial reporting, but in the short-term may increase the Company's risk. Except for these changes, there has been no change in the Company's internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
  
   28 

Table of Contents  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
  There were no material changes to the disclosure made in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   regarding these matters. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
  For a discussion of risk factors affecting our business, refer to statements appearing under the caption  Risk Factors and Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
  Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities* 
  The following table presents information related to repurchases of common stock the Company made during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  : 

* 
    Subject to applicable law, the Company may repurchase shares directly in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, or pursuant to derivative instruments and plans complying with Rule 10b5-1, among other types of transactions and arrangements. 
       
           (1) 
    On December 3, 2015, the Company s Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program, effective January 1, 2016, that authorizes the purchase of up to $15 billion of the Company s outstanding common stock with no specified expiration date. 
       
  In May 2016, the Company entered into an Accelerated Share Repurchase agreement ( ASR ) to purchase up to $2.6 billion of the Company's common stock and received an initial delivery of 16.2 million shares, which represented 80% of the total shares the Company expected to receive based on the market price at the time of initial delivery. In July 2016, the purchase period for this ASR ended, and an additional 5.1 million shares were received. In total, 21.3 million shares were delivered under this ASR at an average purchase price of $122.25 per share. 
  
   29 

Table of Contents  

Item 6. Exhibits    

30 

     Table of Contents  

31 

     Table of Contents  

Exhibit Number 

Description 

(31.1) 

Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 

(31.2) 

Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 

(32.1) 

Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 by the Chief Executive Officer, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

(32.2) 

Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 by the Chief Financial Officer, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

(101.INS) 

XBRL Instance Document. 

(101.SCH) 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

(101.CAL) 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

(101.DEF) 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

(101.LAB) 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

(101.PRE) 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

* 
    Other instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of the registrant, and all of its subsidiaries for which consolidated financial statements are required to be filed and which are not required to be registered with the Commission, are not included herein as the securities authorized under these instruments, individually, do not exceed 10% of the total assets of the registrant and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. An agreement to furnish a copy of any such instruments to the Commission upon request has been filed with the Commission. 
              ** 
    Denotes compensatory plan. 
     
   32 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURE 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

McDONALD S CORPORATION 
          (Registrant) 

/s/ Kevin M. Ozan 
      November 4, 2016 
    Kevin M. Ozan 
        
    Corporate Executive Vice President and 
  Chief Financial Officer 

33 

<EX-12>
 2
 mcd-9302016xex12.htm
 COMPUTATION OF RATIOS

Exhibit 

* 
    Includes amounts of the Company and its majority-owned subsidiaries, and one-half of the amounts of 50%-owned affiliates. The Company records interest expense on unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes. This interest is not included in the computation of fixed charges.  

</EX-12>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 mcd-9302016xex311.htm
 RULE 13A-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1.  
  Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer  
  I, Stephen J. Easterbrook, certify that:  
           (1) 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of McDonald s Corporation; 
              (2) 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              (3) 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              (4) 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              (5) 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:   November 4, 2016    
               /s/ Stephen J. Easterbrook 
      Stephen J. Easterbrook 
      President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 mcd-9302016xex312.htm
 RULE 13A-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2.  
  Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer  
  I, Kevin M. Ozan, certify that:  
           (1) 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of McDonald s Corporation; 
              (2) 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              (3) 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              (4) 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              (5) 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:   November 4, 2016    
               /s/ Kevin M. Ozan 
      Kevin M. Ozan 
      Corporate Executive Vice President and 
  Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 mcd-9302016xex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 BY THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1.  
  Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 by the Chief Executive Officer, as adopted pursuant to  
  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), the undersigned officer of McDonald s Corporation (the  Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  
  Date:   November 4, 2016    
               /s/ Stephen J. Easterbrook 
      Stephen J. Easterbrook 
    
      President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 mcd-9302016xex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 BY THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2.  
  Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 by the Chief Financial Officer, as adopted pursuant to  
  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), the undersigned officer of McDonald s Corporation (the  Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  
  Date:   November 4, 2016    
               /s/ Kevin M. Ozan 
      Kevin M. Ozan 
    
      Corporate Executive Vice President and 
  Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 mcd-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 mcd-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 mcd-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 mcd-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 mcd-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 mcd-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

10-Q
 13
 mcd-930201610q.pdf
 PDF OF ENTIRE FORM 10-Q

