<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161212_10-Q_edgar_data_1005731_0001213900-16-019309_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3411773</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>102525</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>211984</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>746405</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1415447</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>851900</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>62</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-019309.hdr.sgml : 20161212
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161212151357
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-019309
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		70
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161212
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161212

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			IDT CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001005731
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS (NO RADIO TELEPHONE) [4813]
		IRS NUMBER:				223415036
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16371
		FILM NUMBER:		162046175

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		520 BROAD ST
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		973 438 1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		520 BROAD STREET
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07102

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-019309.txt : 20161212

10-Q
 1
 f10q1016_idtcorporation.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q    

QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934    

FOR
THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2016    

or

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934    

Commission
File Number: 1-16371    

IDT
CORPORATION      

   (Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)   

Delaware   
       
       22-3415036    
 
       (State
or other jurisdiction of  
           incorporation
        or organization)    
       
       (I.R.S.
Employer  
           Identification
        Number)     

520
    Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey   
       
       07102    
 
       (Address
    of principal executive offices)   
       
       (Zip
    Code)    

(973)
438-1000    

   (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code)    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes     No     

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes     No     

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer  
       
      Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated
    filer  
        (Do
    not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.):  Yes     No     

As
of December 7, 2016, the registrant had the following shares outstanding:  

IDT
CORPORATION 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART
    I.  FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.  
      Financial
    Statements (Unaudited)   

Consolidated
    Balance Sheets   

Consolidated
    Statements of Income   

Consolidated
    Statements of Comprehensive Income   

Consolidated
    Statements of Cash Flows   
       6   

Notes
    to Consolidated Financial Statements   

Item 2.  
      Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
       16   

Item 3.  
      Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks   
       27   

Item 4.  
      Controls
    and Procedures   
       27   

PART
    II.  OTHER INFORMATION     
       28   

Item 1.  
      Legal
    Proceedings   
       28   

Item 1A.  
      Risk
    Factors   
       28   

Item 2.  
      Unregistered
    Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
       28   

Item 3.  
      Defaults
    Upon Senior Securities   
       28   

Item 4.  
      Mine
    Safety Disclosures   
       28   

Item 5.  
      Other
    Information   
       28   

Item 6.  
      Exhibits   
       29   

SIGNATURES
        
       30   

PART
I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial
Statements (Unaudited)  

IDT
CORPORATION 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.   

IDT
CORPORATION  

  CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF INCOME  

   (Unaudited)   

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  

IDT
CORPORATION  

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  

  (Unaudited)  

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  

IDT CORPORATION  

  CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited)  

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  

IDT
CORPORATION   
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
 (Unaudited)   

Note
1 Basis of Presentation  

The
accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements of IDT Corporation and its subsidiaries (the  Company  or
 IDT ) have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
( U.S. GAAP ) for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation
S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements.
In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation
have been included. Operating results for the three months ended October 31, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results
that may be expected for the fiscal year ending July 31, 2017. The balance sheet at July 31, 2016 has been derived from the
Company s audited financial statements at that date but does not include all of the information and footnotes required by
U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. For further information, please refer to the consolidated financial statements
and footnotes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, as filed
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ).  

The
Company s fiscal year ends on July 31 of each calendar year. Each reference below to a fiscal year refers to the fiscal
year ending in the calendar year indicated (e.g., fiscal 2017 refers to the fiscal year ending July 31, 2017).  

Note
2 Zedge Spin-Off  

On
June 1, 2016, the Company completed a pro rata distribution of the common stock that the Company held in the Company s subsidiary,
Zedge, Inc. ( Zedge ), to the Company s stockholders of record as of the close of business on May 26, 2016 (the
 Zedge Spin-Off ). The disposition of Zedge did not meet the criteria to be reported as a discontinued operation and
accordingly, its assets, liabilities, results of operations and cash flows have not been reclassified. In connection with the
Zedge Spin-Off, each of the Company s stockholders received one share of Zedge Class A common stock for every three shares
of the Company s Class A common stock, and one share of Zedge Class B common stock for every three shares of the Company s
Class B common stock, held of record as of the close of business on May 26, 2016. The Company received a legal opinion that the
Zedge Spin-Off should qualify as a tax-free transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  

In
August 2015, the Company s Board of Directors approved a plan to reorganize the Company into three separate entities by
spinning off its non-core business and assets to its stockholders, one of which was Zedge. The remaining components of the reorganization
are subject to change in response to changed circumstance or intervening events, as well as both internal and third party contingencies,
and must receive final approval from the Company s Board of Directors. The Company continues to advance the effort on the
remainder of the reorganization.  

Zedge s
income before income taxes and income before income taxes attributable to the Company, which is included in the accompanying consolidated
statements of income, were as follows:  

Note
3 Investment in Cornerstone Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  

Cornerstone
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ( Cornerstone ) is a clinical stage, oncology-focused pharmaceutical company committed to the
development and commercialization of therapies targeting cancer metabolism that exploit the metabolic differences between normal
cells and cancer cells. The Company s initial $2 million investment in Cornerstone was funded as follows: $500,000 upon
signing the Subscription and Loan Agreement on January 21, 2016, $50,000 on March 23, 2016, and $1.45 million on April 14,
2016. The initial $2 million investment was in exchange for Cornerstone s 3.5% convertible promissory notes due 2018. The
remaining $8 million was funded in August and September 2016. In September 2016, Cornerstone issued to the Company s controlled
50%-owned subsidiary, CS Pharma Holdings, LLC ( CS Pharma ), a convertible promissory note with a principal amount
of $10 million (the  Series D Note ) representing the $8 million investment funded on such date plus the conversion
of the $2 million principal amount convertible promissory notes issued in connection with the previous funding. The Cornerstone
Series D Note earns interest at 3.5% per annum, with principal and accrued interest due and payable on September 16, 2018. The
Series D Note is convertible at the holder s option into shares of Cornerstone s Series D Preferred Stock. The Series
D Note also includes a mandatory conversion into Cornerstone common stock upon a qualified initial public offering, and conversion
at the holder s option upon an unqualified financing event. In all cases, the Series D Note conversion price is based on
the applicable financing purchase price. The Company and CS Pharma were issued warrants to purchase shares of capital stock of
Cornerstone representing up to 56% of the then issued and outstanding capital stock of Cornerstone, on an as-converted and fully
diluted basis. The right to exercise warrants as to the first $10 million thereof is held by CS Pharma and the remainder is owned
by the Company. The exercise price of the warrant is the lower of 70% of the price sold in an equity financing, or $1.25 per share,
subject to certain adjustments. The minimum initial and subsequent exercises of the warrant shall be for such number of shares
that will result in at least $5 million of gross proceeds to Cornerstone, or such lesser amount as represents 5% of the outstanding
capital stock of Cornerstone, or such lesser amount as may then remain unexercised. The warrant will expire upon the earlier of
December 31, 2020 or a qualified initial public offering or liquidation event.   

Cornerstone
is a variable interest entity, however, the Company has determined that it is not the primary beneficiary as the Company does
not have the power to direct the activities of Cornerstone that most significantly impact Cornerstone s economic performance.
At October 31, 2016 and July 31, 2016, the Company s investment in Cornerstone was $10.0 million and $2.0 million, respectively,
which was included in  Investments  in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. At October 31, 2016, the Company s
maximum exposure to loss as a result of its involvement with Cornerstone was its $10.0 million investment, since there were no
other arrangements, events or circumstances that could expose the Company to additional loss.   

In
addition to interests issued to the Company, CS Pharma has issued member interests to third parties in exchange for cash investment
in CS Pharma of $10 million. At October 31, 2016 and July 31, 2016, CS Pharma had received $10.0 million and $8.8 million, respectively,
of such investment. At July 31, 2016, the $8.8 million received was included in  Other current liabilities  in the
accompanying consolidated balance sheet pending the issuance of the member interests. The Company holds a 50% interest in CS Pharma
and is the managing member. It is expected that CS Pharma will use its cash to invest in Cornerstone.  

Mr.
Howard S. Jonas, the Company s Chairman of the Board and former Chief Executive Officer, is a director of Cornerstone and
was appointed its Chairman of the Board in April 2016. Howard and Deborah Jonas jointly own $525,000 of Series C Convertible Notes
of Cornerstone, and The Howard S. and Deborah Jonas Foundation owns an additional $525,000 of Series C Notes of Cornerstone.   

Note
4 Marketable Securities  

The
following is a summary of marketable securities:  

*
Each of the Company s certificates of deposit has a CUSIP, was purchased in the secondary market through a broker, and may
be sold in the secondary market.  

Proceeds
from maturities and sales of available-for-sale securities were $6.0 million and $8.9 million in the three months ended October
31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The gross realized gains (losses) that were included in earnings as a result of sales were nil
in the three months ended October 31, 2016 and gains of $0.5 million in the three months ended October 31, 2015. The Company uses
the specific identification method in computing the gross realized gains and gross realized losses on the sales of marketable
securities.  

The
contractual maturities of the Company s available-for-sale debt securities at October 31, 2016 were as follows:  

The
following available-for-sale securities were in an unrealized loss position for which other-than-temporary impairments have not
been recognized:  

At
October 31, 2016 and July 31, 2016, there were no securities in a continuous unrealized loss position for 12 months or longer.  

Note
5 Fair Value Measurements  

The
following tables present the balance of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis:  

(1)
  quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities  

  (2)
  observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities  

  (3)
  no observable pricing inputs in the market  

At
October 31, 2016 and July 31, 2016, the Company had $8.4 million and $8.1 million, respectively, in investments in hedge funds,
which were included in  Investments  in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company s investments
in hedge funds are accounted for using the equity method or the cost method, therefore investments in hedge funds are not measured
at fair value.  

Fair
Value of Other Financial Instruments   

The
estimated fair value of the Company s other financial instruments was determined using available market information or other
appropriate valuation methodologies. However, considerable judgment is required in interpreting these data to develop estimates
of fair value. Consequently, the estimates are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that could be realized or would be paid
in a current market exchange.  

Cash
and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents, other current assets, customer deposits and other current liabilities.
 At October 31, 2016 and July 31, 2016, the carrying amount of these assets and liabilities approximated fair value because
of the short period of time to maturity. The fair value estimates for cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents
were classified as Level 1 and other current assets, customer deposits and other current liabilities were classified as Level
2 of the fair value hierarchy.  

Other
assets and other liabilities.  At October 31, 2016 and July 31, 2016, the carrying amount of these assets and liabilities approximated
fair value. The fair values were estimated based on the Company s assumptions, which were classified as Level 3 of the fair
value hierarchy.  

The
Company s investments at October 31, 2016 and July 31, 2016 included investments in the equity of certain privately held
entities and other investments that are accounted for at cost. It is not practicable to estimate the fair value of these investments
because of the lack of a quoted market price for the shares of these entities, and the inability to estimate their fair value
without incurring excessive cost. The carrying value of these investments was $15.1 million and $7.0 million at October 31, 2016
and July 31, 2016, respectively, which the Company believes was not impaired.  

Note
6 Derivative Instruments  

Prior
to the Zedge Spin-Off, the primary risk managed by the Company using derivative instruments was foreign exchange risk. Foreign
exchange forward contracts were entered into as hedges against unfavorable fluctuations in the U.S. dollar   Norwegian krone
( NOK ) exchange rate. Zedge is based in Norway and much of its operations are located in Norway. Subsequent to the
Zedge Spin-Off, the Company provides hedging services to Zedge pursuant to the Transition Services Agreement until Zedge establishes
a credit facility and is able to enter into foreign exchange contracts. The Company did not apply hedge accounting to these contracts,
therefore the changes in fair value were recorded in earnings. By using derivative instruments to mitigate exposures to changes
in foreign exchange rates, the Company was exposed to credit risk from the failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms
of the contract. The Company minimized the credit or repayment risk by entering into transactions with high-quality counterparties.  

The
effects of derivative instruments on the consolidated statements of income were as follows:  

Amount
    of Gain (Loss) Recognized on Derivatives        
 
       Derivatives
    not designated or          
       Location
    of Gain (Loss)          
       Three
    Months Ended 
October 31,           
 
        not
                                         qualifying as hedging instruments              
        Recognized
                                         on Derivatives              
        2016                     
        2015               

(in
    thousands)        
 
      Foreign
    exchange forwards        
      Other
    income (expense), net       
      $                 
      $    (102    )   

Note
7 Equity   

Changes
in the components of equity were as follows:  

Dividend
Payments   

In
the three months ended October 31, 2016, the Company paid cash dividends of $0.19 per share on its Class A common stock and
Class B common stock, or $4.4 million in total. In the three months ended October 31, 2015, the Company paid cash dividends of
$0.18 per share on its Class A common stock and Class B common stock, or $4.2 million in total.  

On
December 1, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors declared a dividend of $0.19 per share for the first quarter of fiscal
2017 to holders of the Company s Class A common stock and Class B common stock. The dividend will be paid on or about December
23, 2016 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 19, 2016.  

Stock
Repurchases    

The
Company has a stock repurchase program for the repurchase of up to an aggregate of 8.0 million shares of the Company s
Class B common stock. There were no repurchases under the program in the three months ended October 31, 2016 or 2015. At
October 31, 2016, 8.0 million shares remained available for repurchase under the stock repurchase program.  

In
both the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company paid $23,000 to repurchase 1,542 shares of Class B common stock
that were tendered by employees of the Company to satisfy the employees  tax withholding obligations in connection with
the lapsing of restrictions on awards of restricted stock. Such shares were repurchased by the Company based on their fair market
value on the trading day immediately prior to the vesting date.  

2015
Stock Option and Incentive Plan   

On
October 13, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors amended the Company s 2015 Stock Option and Incentive Plan to increase
the number of shares of the Company s Class B common stock available for the grant of awards thereunder by an additional
0.1 million shares. The amendment is subject to ratification by the Company s stockholders at its annual meeting of stockholders
on December 14, 2016.  

Note
8 Earnings Per Share  

Basic
earnings per share is computed by dividing net income attributable to all classes of common stockholders of the Company by the
weighted average number of shares of all classes of common stock outstanding during the applicable period. Diluted earnings per
share is computed in the same manner as basic earnings per share, except that the number of shares is increased to include restricted
stock still subject to risk of forfeiture and to assume exercise of potentially dilutive stock options using the treasury stock
method, unless the effect of such increase is anti-dilutive.  

The
weighted-average number of shares used in the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to the Company s
common stockholders consists of the following:  

The
following outstanding stock options were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share because the exercise price
of the stock option was greater than the average market price of the Company s stock during the period:  

Note
9 Revolving Credit Loan Payable  

The
Company s subsidiary, IDT Telecom, Inc., entered into a credit agreement, dated July 12, 2012, with TD Bank, N.A. for
a line of credit facility for up to a maximum principal amount of $25.0 million. IDT Telecom may use the proceeds to finance working
capital requirements, acquisitions and for other general corporate purposes. The line of credit facility is secured by primarily
all of IDT Telecom s assets. The principal outstanding bears interest per annum, at the option of IDT Telecom, at either
(a) the U.S. Prime Rate less 125 basis points, or (b) the LIBOR rate adjusted by the Regulation D maximum reserve requirement
plus 150 basis points. Interest is payable monthly and all outstanding principal and any accrued and unpaid interest is due on
the maturity date of January 31, 2018. At October 31, 2016 and July 31, 2016, there were no amounts outstanding under the facility.
The Company intends to borrow under the facility from time to time. IDT Telecom pays a quarterly unused commitment fee of 0.375% per
annum on the average daily balance of the unused portion of the $25.0 million commitment. IDT Telecom is required to comply with
various affirmative and negative covenants as well as maintain certain financial targets and ratios during the term of the line
of credit, including IDT Telecom may not pay any dividend on its capital stock and IDT Telecom s aggregate loans and advances
to affiliates or subsidiaries may not exceed $110.0 million. At October 31, 2016 and July 31, 2016, there were no amounts utilized
for letters of credit under the line of credit, IDT Telecom was in compliance with all of the covenants, and IDT Telecom s
aggregate loans and advances to affiliates and subsidiaries was $102.7 million and $91.1 million, respectively.  

Note
10 Accrued Severance Expense  

In
July 2016, the Company completed a reduction of its workforce and incurred severance expense of $6.3 million in fiscal 2016. At
October 31, 2016 and July 31, 2016, there was accrued severance of $4.3 million and $5.7 million, respectively, included in  Accrued
expenses  in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets for the July 2016 workforce reduction.  

Note
11 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss  

The
accumulated balances for each classification of other comprehensive loss were as follows:  

Note
12 Business Segment Information  

The
Company has three reportable business segments, Telecom Platform Services, Unified Communications as a Service ( UCaaS )
and Consumer Phone Services. The Company s reportable segments are distinguished by types of service, customers and methods
used to provide their services. The operating results of these business segments are regularly reviewed by the Company s
chief operating decision maker.  

The
Telecom Platform Services segment provides retail telecommunications and payment offerings as well as wholesale international
long distance traffic termination. The Consumer Phone Services segment provides consumer local and long distance services in certain
U.S. states.  

Beginning
in the first quarter of fiscal 2017, UCaaS is a separate reportable segment. The UCaaS segment is comprised of offerings from
the Company s Net2Phone division, including (1) cable telephony, (2) hosted PBX, (3) SIP trunking,
which supports inbound and outbound domestic and international calling from an IP PBX, and (4) PicuP, a highly-automated business
phone service that answers, routes and manages voice calls. PicuP is currently in open beta. UCaaS was included in the Telecom
Platform Services segment from the inception of each of its components until July 31, 2016. Comparative results have been reclassified
and restated as if UCaaS was a separate segment in all periods presented.  

Telecom
Platform Services, UCaaS and Consumer Phone Services comprise the IDT Telecom division.  

Operating
segments not reportable individually are included in All Other. All Other includes the Company s real estate holdings and
other smaller businesses. Prior to the Zedge Spin-Off, All Other included Zedge, which provides a content platform that enables
consumers to personalize their mobile devices with free, high quality ringtones, wallpapers, home screen app icons and notification
sounds. Corporate costs include certain services, such as compensation, consulting fees, treasury and accounts payable, tax and
accounting services, human resources and payroll, corporate purchasing, corporate governance including Board of Directors 
fees, internal and external audit, investor relations, corporate insurance, corporate legal, business development, and other corporate-related
general and administrative expenses including, among others, facilities costs, charitable contributions and travel, as well as
depreciation expense on corporate assets. Corporate does not generate any revenues, nor does it incur any direct cost of revenues.  

The
accounting policies of the segments are the same as the accounting policies of the Company as a whole. The Company evaluates the
performance of its business segments based primarily on income (loss) from operations. IDT Telecom depreciation and amortization
are allocated to Telecom Platform Services and Consumer Phone Services because the related assets are not tracked separately by
segment. There are no other significant asymmetrical allocations to segments.  

Operating
results for the business segments of the Company are as follows:  

Note
13 Commitments and Contingencies  

Legal
Proceedings   

On
May 5, 2004, the Company filed a complaint in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York, seeking injunctive
relief and damages against Tyco Group, S.A.R.L., Tyco Telecommunications (US) Inc. (f/k/a TyCom (US) Inc.), Tyco International,
Ltd., Tyco International (US) Inc., and TyCom Ltd. (collectively  Tyco ). The Company alleged that Tyco breached a
settlement agreement that it had entered into with the Company to resolve certain disputes and civil actions among the parties.
The Company alleged that Tyco did not provide the Company, as required under the settlement agreement, free of charge and for
the Company s exclusive use, a 15-year indefeasible right to use four Wavelengths in Ring Configuration (as defined in the
settlement agreement) on a global undersea fiber optic network that Tyco was deploying at that time. After extensive proceedings,
including several decisions and appeals, the New York Court of Appeals affirmed a lower court decision to dismiss the Company s
claim and denied the Company s motion for re-argument of that decision. On June 23, 2015, the Company filed a new summons
and complaint against Tyco in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York alleging that Tyco breached the settlement
agreement. In September 2015, Tyco filed a motion to dismiss the complaint, which the Company opposed. Oral argument was held
on March 9, 2016. On October 17, 2016, the judge granted Tyco s motion and dismissed the complaint. On November 17, 2016,
the Company filed a Notice of Appeal.  

In
addition to the foregoing, the Company is subject to other legal proceedings that have arisen in the ordinary course of business
and have not been finally adjudicated. Although there can be no assurance in this regard, the Company believes that none of the
other legal proceedings to which the Company is a party will have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of
operations, cash flows or financial condition.  

Purchase
Commitments   

The
Company had purchase commitments of $1.6 million at October 31, 2016.  

Letters
of Credit   

At
October 31, 2016, the Company had letters of credit outstanding totaling $0.2 million for IDT Telecom s business. The letters
of credit outstanding at October 31, 2016 expire in the twelve-month period ending October 31, 2017.  

Performance
Bonds   

IDT
Payment Services and IDT Telecom have performance bonds issued through third parties for the benefit of various states in order
to comply with the states  financial requirements for money remittance licenses and telecommunications resellers, respectively.
At October 31, 2016, the Company had aggregate performance bonds of $13.4 million outstanding.  

Customer
Deposits   

At
October 31, 2016 and July 31, 2016,  Customer deposits  in the Company s consolidated balance sheets included
refundable customer deposits of $79.5 million and $95.8 million, respectively, related to IDT Financial Services Ltd., the Company s
Gibraltar-based bank.  

Substantially
Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents   

The
Company treats unrestricted cash and cash equivalents held by IDT Payment Services and IDT Financial Services Ltd. as substantially
restricted and unavailable for other purposes. At October 31, 2016 and July 31, 2016,  Cash and cash equivalents 
in the Company s consolidated balance sheets included an aggregate of $12.2 million and $16.0 million, respectively, held
by IDT Payment Services and IDT Financial Services Ltd. that was unavailable for other purposes.  

Restricted
Cash and Cash Equivalents   

Restricted
cash and cash equivalents consist of the following:  

Other
Contingencies   

On
July 31, 2013, the Company completed a pro rata distribution of the common stock of the Company s subsidiary Straight Path
Communications Inc. ( Straight Path ) to the Company s stockholders. On September 20, 2016, the Company received
a letter of inquiry from the Enforcement Bureau of the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) requesting certain
information and materials related to an investigation of potential violations by Straight Path Spectrum LLC (formerly a subsidiary
of the Company and currently a subsidiary of Straight Path) in connection with licenses to operate on the 28 GHz and 39 GHz bands
of the Fixed Microwave Services. The Company intends to cooperate with the FCC in this matter and the Company is in the process
of responding to the letter of inquiry. In the three months ended October 31, 2016, the Company incurred legal fees of $0.2
million related to this inquiry, which is included in  Other operating expense  in the accompanying consolidated statement
of income. The FCC could seek to fine or impose regulatory penalties or civil liability on the Company related to activities during
the period of ownership by the Company. Further, should the FCC impose liability on Straight Path, the Company could be the subject
of a claim from Straight Path related to that liability.  

Note
14 Other Income (Expense), Net  

Other
income (expense), net consists of the following:  

Note
15 Income Taxes   

In
the three months ended October 31, 2016, the Company determined that its valuation allowance on the losses of Elmion Netherlands
B.V., a Netherlands subsidiary, was no longer required due to an internal reorganization that generated income and a projection
that the income would continue. The Company recorded a benefit from income taxes of $16.6 million in the three months ended October
31, 2016 from the full recognition of the Elmion Netherlands B.V. deferred tax assets.   

Note
16 Recently Issued Accounting Standard Not Yet Adopted   

In
May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) and the International Accounting Standards Board jointly
issued a comprehensive new revenue recognition standard that will supersede most of the current revenue recognition guidance under
U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards ( IFRS ). The goals of the revenue recognition project were
to clarify and converge the revenue recognition principles under U.S. GAAP and IFRS and to develop guidance that would streamline
and enhance revenue recognition requirements. The Company will adopt this standard on August 1, 2018. Entities have the option
of using either a full retrospective or modified retrospective approach for the adoption of the standard. The Company is evaluating
the impact that the standard will have on its consolidated financial statements.  

In
January 2016, the FASB issued an Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) to provide more information about recognition,
measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. The amendments in the ASU include, among other changes, the
following: (1) equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method or that result in consolidation) will be
measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income, (2) a qualitative assessment each reporting period
to identify impairment of equity investments without readily determinable fair values, (3) financial assets and financial liabilities
will be presented separately by measurement category and form of financial asset on the balance sheet or the notes to the financial
statements, and (4) an entity should evaluate the need for a valuation allowance on a deferred tax asset related to available-for-sale
securities in combination with the entity s other deferred tax assets. Entities will no longer be able to recognize unrealized
holding gains and losses on equity securities classified as available-for-sale in other comprehensive income. In addition, a practicability
exception will be available for equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values and do not qualify for the
net asset value practical expedient. These investments may be measured at cost, less any impairment, plus or minus changes resulting
from observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment of the same issuer. Entities will
have to reassess at each reporting period whether an investment qualifies for this practicability exception. The Company will
adopt the amendments in this ASU on August 1, 2018. The Company is evaluating the impact that the ASU will have on its consolidated
financial statements.   

In
February 2016, the FASB issued an ASU related to the accounting for leases. The new standard establishes a right-of-use ( ROU )
model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer
than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense
recognition in the income statement. The Company will adopt the new standard on August 1, 2019. A modified retrospective transition
approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest
comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients available. The Company is evaluating
the impact that the new standard will have on its consolidated financial statements.   

In
March 2016, the FASB issued an ASU to improve the accounting for employee share-based payments. The new standard simplifies several
aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences and classification on the
statement of cash flows. The Company will adopt the new standard on August 1, 2017. The Company is evaluating the impact that
the new standard will have on its consolidated financial statements.   

In
June 2016, the FASB issued an ASU that changes the impairment model for most financial assets and certain other instruments. For
receivables, loans and other instruments, entities will be required to use a new forward-looking  expected loss  model
that generally will result in the earlier recognition of allowance for losses. For available-for-sale debt securities with unrealized
losses, entities will measure credit losses in a manner similar to current practice, except the losses will be recognized as allowances
instead of reductions in the amortized cost of the securities. In addition, an entity will have to disclose significantly more
information about allowances, credit quality indicators and past due securities. The new provisions will be applied as a cumulative-effect
adjustment to retained earnings. The Company will adopt the new standard on August 1, 2020. The Company is evaluating the impact
that the new standard will have on its consolidated financial statements.  

In
November 2016, the FASB issued an ASU that includes specific guidance on the classification and presentation of changes in restricted
cash and cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows. The amendments in this ASU require that a statement of cash flows explain
the change during the period in the total of cash, cash equivalents, and amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted
cash equivalents. Amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents will be included with cash and
cash equivalents when reconciling the beginning of the period and end of the period total amounts shown on the statement of cash
flows. The ASU will be applied using a retrospective transition method to each period presented. The Company will adopt the amendments
in this ASU on August 1, 2018. The adoption will impact the Company s beginning of the period and end of the period cash
and cash equivalents balance in its statement of cash flows, as well as its net cash provided by operating activities.  

Item 2. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

The
following information should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and the associated
notes thereto of this Quarterly Report, and the audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto and our Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended July 31, 2016, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (or SEC).  

As
used below, unless the context otherwise requires, the terms  the Company,   IDT,   we,   us, 
and  our  refer to IDT Corporation, a Delaware corporation, its predecessor, International Discount Telecommunications,
Corp., a New York corporation, and their subsidiaries, collectively.  

Forward-Looking
Statements  

This
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act
of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including statements that contain the words  believes, 
 anticipates,   expects,   plans,   intends,  and similar words and phrases. These
forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the
results projected in any forward-looking statement. In addition to the factors specifically noted in the forward-looking statements,
other important factors, risks and uncertainties that could result in those differences include, but are not limited to, those
discussed under Item 1A to Part I  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
July 31, 2016. The forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this report and we assume no obligation to update the
forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from those projected in the forward-looking
statements. Investors should consult all of the information set forth in this report and the other information set forth from
time to time in our reports filed with the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2016.  

Overview  

We
are a multinational holding company with operations primarily in the telecommunications and payment industries. We have three
reportable business segments, Telecom Platform Services, Unified Communications as a Service, or UCaaS, and Consumer Phone Services.
Telecom Platform Services provides retail telecommunications and payment offerings as well as wholesale international long distance
traffic termination. The UCaaS segment is comprised of offerings from our Net2Phone division, including (1) cable telephony, (2)
hosted PBX, (3) SIP trunking, which supports inbound and outbound domestic and international calling
from an IP PBX, and (4) PicuP, a highly-automated business phone service that answers, routes and manages voice calls. PicuP is
currently in open beta. Consumer Phone Services provides consumer local and long distance services in certain U.S. states. Telecom
Platform Services, UCaaS and Consumer Phone Services comprise our IDT Telecom division. Operating segments not reportable individually
are included in All Other. All Other includes our real estate holdings and other smaller businesses. Until the spin-off of Zedge,
Inc., or Zedge, in June 2016, All Other included Zedge, which provides a content platform that enables consumers to personalize
their mobile devices with free, high quality ringtones, wallpapers, home screen app icons and notification sounds.  

Since
our inception, we have derived the majority of our revenues and operating expenses from IDT Telecom s businesses. IDT Telecom s
revenues represented 99.9% and 99.2% of our total revenues in the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

On
June 1, 2016, we completed the Zedge Spin-Off, which was a pro rata distribution of the common stock that we held in our subsidiary
Zedge to our stockholders of record as of the close of business on May 26, 2016. The disposition of Zedge did not meet the criteria
to be reported as a discontinued operation and accordingly, its assets, liabilities, results of operations and cash flows have
not been reclassified. In connection with the Zedge Spin-Off, each of our stockholders received one share of Zedge Class A common
stock for every three shares of our Class A common stock, and one share of Zedge Class B common stock for every three shares of
our Class B common stock, held of record as of the close of business on May 26, 2016. We received a legal opinion that the Zedge
Spin-Off should qualify as a tax-free transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  

In
August 2015, our Board of Directors approved a plan to reorganize us into three separate entities by spinning off our non-core
business and assets to our stockholders, one of which was Zedge. The remaining components of the reorganization are subject to
change in response to changed circumstance or intervening events, as well as both internal and third party contingencies, and
must receive final approval from our Board of Directors. We continue to advance the effort on the remainder of the reorganization.  

Investment
in Cornerstone Pharmaceuticals, Inc.    

Cornerstone
Pharmaceuticals, Inc., or Cornerstone, is a clinical stage, oncology-focused pharmaceutical company committed to the development
and commercialization of therapies targeting cancer metabolism that exploit the metabolic differences between normal cells and
cancer cells. Our controlled 50%-owned subsidiary, CS Pharma Holdings, LLC, or CS Pharma, holds Cornerstone s convertible
promissory note with a principal amount of $10 million (the Series D Note). The Cornerstone Series D Note earns interest at 3.5%
per annum, with principal and accrued interest due and payable on September 16, 2018. The Series D Note is convertible at the
holder s option into shares of Cornerstone s Series D Preferred Stock. The Series D Note also includes a mandatory
conversion into Cornerstone common stock upon a qualified initial public offering, and conversion at the holder s option
upon an unqualified financing event. In all cases, the Series D Note conversion price is based on the applicable financing purchase
price. We and CS Pharma were issued warrants to purchase shares of capital stock of Cornerstone representing up to 56% of the
then issued and outstanding capital stock of Cornerstone, on an as-converted and fully diluted basis. The right to exercise warrants
as to the first $10 million thereof is held by CS Pharma and the remainder is owned by us. The exercise price of the warrant is
the lower of 70% of the price sold in an equity financing, or $1.25 per share, subject to certain adjustments. The minimum initial
and subsequent exercises of the warrant shall be for such number of shares that will result in at least $5 million of gross proceeds
to Cornerstone, or such lesser amount as represents 5% of the outstanding capital stock of Cornerstone, or such lesser amount
as may then remain unexercised. The warrant will expire upon the earlier of December 31, 2020 or a qualified initial public offering
or liquidation event.  

In
addition to interests issued to us, CS Pharma has issued member interests to third parties in exchange for cash investment in
CS Pharma of $10 million. We hold a 50% interest in CS Pharma and we are the managing member. It is expected that CS Pharma will
use its cash to invest in Cornerstone.  

Howard
Jonas, our Chairman of the Board and former Chief Executive Officer, is a director of Cornerstone and was appointed its Chairman
of the Board in April 2016. Howard and Deborah Jonas jointly own $525,000 of Series C Convertible Notes of Cornerstone, and The
Howard S. and Deborah Jonas Foundation owns an additional $525,000 of Series C Notes of Cornerstone.  

Cornerstone
is a variable interest entity, however, we have determined that we are not the primary beneficiary as we do not have the power
to direct the activities of Cornerstone that most significantly impact Cornerstone s economic performance.  

Critical
Accounting Policies  

Our
consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America, or U.S. GAAP. Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 1 to the consolidated
financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2016. The preparation of financial statements requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses as
well as the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Critical accounting policies are those that require application of
management s most subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change
in subsequent periods. Our critical accounting policies include those related to the allowance for doubtful accounts, goodwill,
valuation of long-lived and intangible assets, income taxes and regulatory agency fees, and IDT Telecom direct cost of revenues disputed
amounts. Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and other factors that are believed to be reasonable
under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. For additional
discussion of our critical accounting policies, see our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2016.  

Recently
Issued Accounting Standard Not Yet Adopted  

In
May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, and the International Accounting Standards Board jointly issued a
comprehensive new revenue recognition standard that will supersede most of the current revenue recognition guidance under U.S.
GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards, or IFRS. The goals of the revenue recognition project were to clarify and
converge the revenue recognition principles under U.S. GAAP and IFRS and to develop guidance that would streamline and enhance
revenue recognition requirements. We will adopt this standard on August 1, 2018. Entities have the option of using either a full
retrospective or modified retrospective approach for the adoption of the standard. We are evaluating the impact that the standard
will have on our consolidated financial statements.   

In
January 2016, the FASB issued an Accounting Standards Update, or ASU, to provide more information about recognition, measurement,
presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. The amendments in the ASU include, among other changes, the following: (1)
equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method or that result in consolidation) will be measured at fair
value with changes in fair value recognized in net income, (2) a qualitative assessment each reporting period to identify impairment
of equity investments without readily determinable fair values, (3) financial assets and financial liabilities will be presented
separately by measurement category and form of financial asset on the balance sheet or the notes to the financial statements,
and (4) an entity should evaluate the need for a valuation allowance on a deferred tax asset related to available-for-sale securities
in combination with the entity s other deferred tax assets. Entities will no longer be able to recognize unrealized holding
gains and losses on equity securities classified as available-for-sale in other comprehensive income. In addition, a practicability
exception will be available for equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values and do not qualify for the
net asset value practical expedient. These investments may be measured at cost, less any impairment, plus or minus changes resulting
from observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment of the same issuer. Entities will
have to reassess at each reporting period whether an investment qualifies for this practicability exception. We will adopt the
amendments in this ASU on August 1, 2018. We are evaluating the impact that the ASU will have on our consolidated financial statements.  

In
February 2016, the FASB issued an ASU related to the accounting for leases. The new standard establishes a right-of-use, or ROU,
model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer
than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense
recognition in the income statement. We will adopt the new standard on August 1, 2019. A modified retrospective transition approach
is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative
period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients available. We are evaluating the impact that the
new standard will have on our consolidated financial statements.   

In
March 2016, the FASB issued an ASU to improve the accounting for employee share-based payments. The new standard simplifies several
aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences and classification on the
statement of cash flows. We will adopt the new standard on August 1, 2017. We are evaluating the impact that the new standard
will have on our consolidated financial statements.  

In
June 2016, the FASB issued an ASU that changes the impairment model for most financial assets and certain other instruments. For
receivables, loans and other instruments, entities will be required to use a new forward-looking  expected loss  model
that generally will result in the earlier recognition of allowance for losses. For available-for-sale debt securities with unrealized
losses, entities will measure credit losses in a manner similar to current practice, except the losses will be recognized as allowances
instead of reductions in the amortized cost of the securities. In addition, an entity will have to disclose significantly more
information about allowances, credit quality indicators and past due securities. The new provisions will be applied as a cumulative-effect
adjustment to retained earnings. We will adopt the new standard on August 1, 2020. We are evaluating the impact that the new standard
will have on our consolidated financial statements.  

In
November 2016, the FASB issued an ASU that includes specific guidance on the classification and presentation of changes in restricted
cash and cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows. The amendments in this ASU require that a statement of cash flows explain
the change during the period in the total of cash, cash equivalents, and amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted
cash equivalents. Amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents will be included with cash and
cash equivalents when reconciling the beginning of the period and end of the period total amounts shown on the statement of cash
flows. The ASU will be applied using a retrospective transition method to each period presented. We will adopt the amendments
in this ASU on August 1, 2018. The adoption will impact our beginning of the period and end of the period cash and cash equivalents
balance in our statement of cash flows, as well as our net cash provided by operating activities.  

Results
of Operations  

Three
Months Ended October 31, 2016 Compared to Three Months Ended October 31, 2015  

We
evaluate the performance of our operating business segments based primarily on income (loss) from operations. Accordingly, the
income and expense line items below income (loss) from operations are only included in our discussion of the consolidated results
of operations.  

IDT
Telecom Telecom Platform Services, UCaaS and Consumer Phone Services Segments    

Telecom
Platform Services, which represented 97.5% and 96.9% of our total revenues in the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015,
respectively, markets and distributes multiple communications and payment services across three broad business verticals:  

Retail
                                         Communications provides international long-distance calling products primarily to foreign-born
                                         communities worldwide, with its core markets in the United States;    

Wholesale
                                         Carrier Services is a global telecom carrier, terminating international long distance
                                         calls around the world for Tier 1 fixed line and mobile network operators, as well as
                                         other service providers; and    

Payment
                                         Services provides payment offerings, including international and domestic airtime top-up
                                         and international money transfer.    

As
described below, the decreases in Telecom Platform Services  minutes of use and revenues in the three months ended October
31, 2016 compared to the similar period in fiscal 2016, as well as the increase in direct cost of revenues as a percentage of
revenues, reflect the collapse of rates industry wide in the U.S. to Mexico corridor plus longer term secular trends impacting
the telecom industry. These include increased competition from wireless network operators, mobile virtual network operators and
alternative communications solutions such as over-the-top voice and messaging. In anticipation of these developments, in recent
years, we have increased investment in long term growth initiatives that are planned to be somewhat immune from those trends,
while reducing our selling, general and administrative expenses and streamlining operations.  

Beginning
in the first quarter of fiscal 2017, UCaaS is a separate reportable segment. The UCaaS segment is comprised of offerings from
our Net2Phone division, including (1) cable telephony, (2) hosted PBX, (3) SIP trunking, which supports
inbound and outbound domestic and international calling from an IP PBX, and (4) PicuP, a highly-automated business phone service
that answers, routes and manages voice calls. PicuP is currently in open beta. UCaaS was included in the Telecom Platform Services
segment from the inception of each of its components until July 31, 2016. Comparative results have been reclassified and restated
as if UCaaS was a separate segment in all periods presented.  

Revenues.
  IDT Telecom revenues decreased in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the similar period in fiscal 2016 due
to decreases in both Telecom Platform Services  and Consumer Phone Services  revenues. Telecom Platform Services 
revenues, minutes of use and average revenue per minute for the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015 consisted of the
following:  

Retail
Communications  revenue decreased 8.3% in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the similar period in fiscal
2016. Revenue from our Boss Revolution international calling service, which is Retail Communications  most significant offering,
declined 5.1% in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the similar period in fiscal 2016 due primarily to the continuing
decline in minutes of use and revenue from calls made in the U.S. and terminating in Mexico. In July 2016, we significantly reduced
Boss Revolution s U.S. to Mexico calling rate because many of our competitors, including some of the large U.S. mobile operators,
were offering unlimited Mexico calling as part of their monthly pricing plans. In addition, the decrease in Retail Communications 
revenue in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the similar period in fiscal 2016 was due to continuing revenue
declines in Europe, South America and Asia, and continuing revenue declines from traditional disposable calling cards in the U.S.
Retail Communications  minutes of use decreased 11.6% in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the similar
period in fiscal 2016 because of decreases in Boss Revolution and traditional disposable calling cards  minutes of use.
In addition, minutes of use decreased in Europe, South America and Asia in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to
the similar period in fiscal 2016. We recently launched the Android version of the updated Boss Revolution app that includes free
peer-to-peer voice calling and instant messaging. We expect to launch the iOS version early in calendar 2017. The updated app
is expected to increase Boss Revolution s market penetration and enhance the brand. Retail Communications  revenue
comprised 43.6% and 45.2% of Telecom Platform Services  revenue in the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Wholesale
Carrier Services  revenue decreased 5.6% in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the similar period in fiscal
2016 primarily because of the absence of certain exchange rate driven arbitrage-pricing opportunities in Latin America that existed
in the year ago period, partially offset by an increase in carrier revenues. Wholesale Carrier Services minutes of use decreased
12.3% in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the similar period in fiscal 2016 primarily due to decreases in carrier
sales and web-based prepaid termination services minutes of use. Wholesale Carrier Services  revenue comprised 39.8% and
40.1% of Telecom Platform Services  revenue in the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Payment
Services  revenue increased 7.4% in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the similar period in fiscal 2016
primarily due to increases in international airtime top-up revenue and revenue from our international money transfer service.
At October 31, 2016, we had received money transmitter licenses in 46 of the 49 states that require such a license, as well as
in Puerto Rico and Washington, D.C., and had applications pending in two additional states. Future growth is expected from geographic
expansion of our international money transfer service, and the recent launch of a new Boss Revolution mobile app for payments,
including money transfer and international airtime top-up. Payment Services  revenue comprised 16.6% and 14.7% of Telecom
Platform Services  revenue in the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

UCaaS 
revenue increased 1.3% in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the similar period in fiscal 2016 primarily due
to increases in  hosted PBX and cable telephony revenues, partially offset by a decline in SIP trunking revenues.  

Consumer
Phone Services revenues declined 18.5% in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the similar period in fiscal 2016
as we continued to operate the business in harvest mode. This strategy has been in effect since calendar 2005 when the FCC decided
to terminate the UNE-P pricing regime, which resulted in significantly inferior economics in the operating model for this business.
We anticipate that Consumer Phone Services  customer base and revenues will continue to decline. Minutes of use relating
to our Consumer Phone Services segment is not tracked as a meaningful business metric as the domestic traffic generated by this
segment is not carried on our network, and the international traffic generated by this segment, though carried on our own network,
is insignificant.  

Direct
Cost of Revenues . Direct cost of revenues in Telecom Platform Services decreased in the three months ended October 31, 2016
compared to the similar period in fiscal 2016 mainly due to the 12.1% decrease in Telecom Platform Services  minutes of
use in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the similar period in fiscal 2016. Direct cost of revenues as a percentage
of revenues in Telecom Platform Services increased 150 basis points in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the
similar period in fiscal 2016 primarily because the decreases in Retail Communications and Wholesale Carrier Services revenues
exceeded the decreases in their direct cost of revenues.  

Direct
cost of revenues in UCaaS decreased in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the similar period in fiscal 2016 because
of decreases in the direct cost of revenues in hosted PBX, SIP trunking, and cable telephony service.  

Direct
cost of revenues in our Consumer Phone Services segment decreased the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the similar
period in fiscal 2016 primarily as a result of the declining customer base.  

Selling,
General and Administrative . Selling, general and administrative expenses in our Telecom Platform Services segment decreased
in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the similar period in fiscal 2016 primarily due to decreases in employee
compensation and bad debt expense. The decrease in employee compensation was the result of the headcount reductions in fiscal
2016 that were partially offset by annual payroll increases. As a percentage of Telecom Platform Services  revenue, Telecom
Platform Services  selling, general and administrative expenses decreased to 11.3% from 11.9% in the three months ended
October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Selling,
general and administrative expenses in our UCaaS segment increased in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the
similar period in fiscal 2016 due to an increase in employee compensation from an increase in sales and information technology
employees. In fiscal 2017, we expect sales and information technology employees in our UCaaS segment to continue to increase in
order to increase UCaaS  revenues.  

Selling,
general and administrative expenses in our Consumer Phone Services segment decreased in the three months ended October 31, 2016
compared to the similar period in fiscal 2016 as the cost structure for this segment continued to be right-sized to the needs
of its declining revenue base.  

Depreciation
and Amortization.  The increase in depreciation and amortization expense in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared
to the similar period in fiscal 2016 was due to increases in depreciation of capitalized costs of consultants and employees developing
internal use software to support our new products.  

All
Other    

Currently,
we report aggregate results for all of our operating businesses other than IDT Telecom in All Other. On June 1, 2016, we completed
the Zedge Spin-Off. The disposition of Zedge did not meet the criteria to be reported as a discontinued operation and accordingly,
its assets, liabilities, results of operations and cash flows have not been reclassified.  

Following
are the results of operations of Zedge, which were included in All Other until the Zedge Spin-Off on June 1, 2016:  

In
April 2016, we entered into two leases for space in our building at 520 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey. The first lease is for
a portion of the sixth floor for an eleven-year term, of which the first six years are non-cancellable. The second lease is for
a portion of the ground floor and basement for a term of ten years, seven months. The tenant under this lease has the right to
extend the term for three consecutive periods of five years each. The leases will commence after the completion of our work to
prepare the space for the tenant s possession.  

Corporate    

nm not
meaningful  

Corporate
costs include compensation, consulting fees, treasury and accounts payable, tax and accounting services, human resources and payroll,
corporate purchasing, corporate governance including Board of Directors  fees, internal and external audit, investor relations,
corporate insurance, corporate legal, business development, and other corporate-related general and administrative expenses, including,
among others, facilities costs, charitable contributions and travel, as well as depreciation expense on corporate assets. Corporate
does not generate any revenues, nor does it incur any direct cost of revenues.  

General
and Administrative.  The decrease in Corporate general and administrative expenses in the three months ended October 31,
2016 compared to the similar period in fiscal 2016 was primarily due to decreases in employee compensation and legal fees. As
a percentage of our total consolidated revenues, Corporate general and administrative expenses were 0.3% and 0.7% in the three
months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Other
Operating Expense.   In
the three months ended October 31, 2016, we incurred legal fees of $0.2 million related to a letter of inquiry from the Federal
Communications Commission, or FCC, in connection with its investigation of potential license violations by Straight Path Spectrum
LLC (formerly a subsidiary of ours).  

Consolidated   

The
following is a discussion of our consolidated stock-based compensation expense, and our consolidated income and expense line items
below income from operations.  

Stock-Based
Compensation Expense.  Stock-based compensation expense included in consolidated selling, general and administrative expenses
was $0.7 million and $0.8 million in the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. At October 31, 2016, unrecognized
compensation cost related to non-vested stock-based compensation, including stock options and restricted stock, was an aggregate
of $3.7 million. The unrecognized compensation cost is expected to be recognized over the remaining vesting period that ends in
2020.  

Other
Income (Expense), net.  Other income (expense), net consists of the following:  

Benefit
from (Provision for) Income Taxes.  In the three months ended October 31, 2016, we determined that our valuation allowance
on the losses of Elmion Netherlands B.V., or Elmion, a Netherlands subsidiary, was no longer required due to an internal reorganization
that generated income and a projection that the income would continue. We recorded a benefit from income taxes of $16.6 million
in the three months ended October 31, 2016 from the full recognition of the Elmion deferred tax assets. The decrease in income
tax expense in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the similar period in fiscal 2016, excluding the benefit from
income taxes described above, was primarily due to a decrease in the effective income tax rate used in the tax provision, based
upon the tax rates in the jurisdictions in which the income was earned.  

Net
Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests . Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests was basically unchanged
in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the similar period in fiscal 2016 and was primarily due to noncontrolling
interests in the net income of certain IDT Telecom subsidiaries.  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources  

General

We
currently expect our cash from operations in the next twelve months and the balance of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities
that we held as of October 31, 2016 to be sufficient to meet our currently anticipated working capital and capital expenditure
requirements during the twelve-month period ending October 31, 2017.  

At
October 31, 2016, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of $149.7 million and a deficit in working capital (current
liabilities in excess of current assets) of $1.5 million. At October 31, 2016, we also had $8.4 million in investments in
hedge funds, which were included in  Investments  in our consolidated balance sheet.  

We
treat unrestricted cash and cash equivalents held by IDT Payment Services and IDT Financial Services Ltd. as substantially restricted
and unavailable for other purposes. At October 31, 2016,  Cash and cash equivalents  in our consolidated balance sheet
included an aggregate of $12.2 million held by IDT Payment Services and IDT Financial Services Ltd. that was unavailable for other
purposes.  

At
October 31, 2016, we had restricted cash and cash equivalents of $81.1million, which was included in  Restricted cash and
cash equivalents  in our consolidated balance sheet. Our restricted cash and cash equivalents primarily include customer
deposits related to IDT Financial Services Ltd. and restricted balances pursuant to banking regulatory and other requirements.  

We
have not recorded U.S. income tax expense for foreign earnings, since such earnings are permanently reinvested outside the United
States. Upon distribution of these foreign earnings to our domestic entities, we may be subject to U.S. income taxes and withholding
of foreign taxes, however, it is not practicable to determine the amount, if any, which would be paid.  

Operating
Activities    

Our
cash flow from operations varies significantly from quarter to quarter and from year to year, depending on our operating results
and the timing of operating cash receipts and payments, specifically trade accounts receivable and trade accounts payable.  

On
July 31, 2013, we completed a pro rata distribution of the common stock of our subsidiary Straight Path Communications Inc., or
Straight Path, to our stockholders. On September 20, 2016, we received a letter of inquiry from the Enforcement Bureau of the
FCC requesting certain information and materials related to an investigation of potential violations by Straight Path Spectrum
LLC (formerly a subsidiary of ours and currently a subsidiary of Straight Path) in connection with licenses to operate on the
28 GHz and 39 GHz bands of the Fixed Microwave Services. We intend to cooperate with the FCC in this matter and we are in the
process of responding to the letter of inquiry. The FCC could seek to fine or impose regulatory penalties or civil liability
on us related to activities during the period of ownership by us. Further, should the FCC impose liability on Straight Path, we
could be the subject of a claim from Straight Path related to that liability.  

In
August 2016, we and the New Jersey Economic Development Authority entered into an incentive agreement pursuant to which we may
receive corporation business tax credits in exchange for investment in a qualified business facility and employment of the required
number of full-time employees. The corporation business tax credits to be received are a maximum of $24.3 million. We are required
to invest $5.3 million in our building located at 520 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey, as well as retain 528 full-time jobs and
create 40 new full-time jobs in New Jersey. We may claim a tax credit each tax year for ten years beginning when the Economic
Development Authority accepts our project completion certification. We must submit the project completion certification on or
before December 9, 2016. The tax credit can be applied to 100% of our New Jersey tax liability each year, and the unused amount
of the annual credit can be carried forward. In addition, we may apply for a tax credit transfer certificate to sell unused tax
credits to another business. The tax credits must be sold for no less than 75% of the value of the tax credits. The tax credits
are subject to reduction, forfeiture and recapture if, among other things, the number of full-time employees declines below the
program or statewide minimum.  

Investing
Activities    

Our
capital expenditures were $5.5 million in both the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015. We currently anticipate that
total capital expenditures for the twelve-month period ending October 31, 2017 will be between $19 million to $21 million. We
expect to fund our capital expenditures with our net cash provided by operating activities and cash, cash equivalents and marketable
securities on hand.  

On
October 8, 2014, we completed the sale of our interest in Fabrix Systems Ltd. to Telefonaktiebolget LM Ericsson (publ). Our share
of the sale price was $69.2 million, after reflecting the impact of working capital and other adjustments. In the three months
ended October 31, 2015, we received $4.8 million from the sale.  

In
the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, we used cash of $8.0 million and nil, respectively, for additional investments.
In September 2016, Cornerstone issued to our 50%-owned subsidiary, CS Pharma, its convertible Series D Note with a principal amount
of $10 million, representing the $8 million investment funded on such date plus the conversion of a $2 million principal amount
convertible promissory notes that was issued in connection with a prior funding.  

Purchases
of marketable securities were $11.0 million and $14.9 million in the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
Proceeds from maturities and sales of marketable securities were $6.0 million and $8.9 million in the three months ended October
31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Financing
Activities   

In
the three months ended October 31, 2016, we paid cash dividends of $0.19 per share on our Class A common stock and Class B common
stock, or $4.4 million in total. In the three months ended October 31, 2015, we paid cash dividends of $0.18 per share on our
Class A common stock and Class B common stock, or $4.2 million in total. On December 1, 2016, our Board of Directors declared
a dividend of $0.19 per share for the first quarter of fiscal 2017 to holders of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock.
The dividend will be paid on or about December 23, 2016 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 19,
2016.  

We
distributed cash of $0.4 million and $0.6 million in the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, to the holders
of noncontrolling interests in certain of our subsidiaries.  

In
connection with our investment in Cornerstone, our subsidiary CS Pharma issued member interests to third parties in exchange for
cash investment in CS Pharma of $10 million. We hold a 50% interest in CS Pharma and we are the managing member. At July 31, 2016,
CS Pharma had received $8.8 million, which was included in  Other current liabilities  in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet pending the issuance of the member interests. In the three months ended October 31, 2016, CS Pharma received an
additional $1.2 million from the sale of its member interests. It is expected that CS Pharma will use its cash to invest in Cornerstone.  

We
received proceeds from the exercise of our stock options of $0.4 million and nil in the three months ended October 31, 2016 and
2015, respectively. In the three months ended October 31, 2016, we issued 43,016 shares of our Class B common stock for the stock
option exercise.  

We
paid the outstanding principal of $6.4 million on the mortgage on our building in Piscataway, New Jersey on the maturity date
of September 1, 2015.  

In
both the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, we paid $23,000 to repurchase 1,542 shares of Class B common stock that
were tendered by employees of ours to satisfy the employees  tax withholding obligations in connection with the lapsing
of restrictions on awards of restricted stock. Such shares were repurchased by us based on their fair market value on the trading
day immediately prior to the vesting date.  

We
have a stock repurchase program for the repurchase of up to an aggregate of 8.0 million shares of our Class B common stock. There
were no repurchases under the program in the three months ended October 31, 2016 or 2015. At October 31, 2016, 8.0 million shares
remained available for repurchase under the stock repurchase program.  

Our
subsidiary, IDT Telecom, Inc., entered into a credit agreement, dated July 12, 2012, with TD Bank, N.A. for a line of credit
facility for up to a maximum principal amount of $25.0 million. IDT Telecom may use the proceeds to finance working capital requirements,
acquisitions and for other general corporate purposes. The line of credit facility is secured by primarily all of IDT Telecom s
assets. The principal outstanding bears interest per annum, at the option of IDT Telecom, at either (a) the U.S. Prime Rate
less 125 basis points, or (b) the LIBOR rate adjusted by the Regulation D maximum reserve requirement plus 150 basis points.
Interest is payable monthly and all outstanding principal and any accrued and unpaid interest is due on the maturity date of January
31, 2018. At October 31, 2016, there were no amounts outstanding under the facility. We intend to borrow under the facility from
time to time. IDT Telecom pays a quarterly unused commitment fee of 0.375% per annum on the average daily balance of the
unused portion of the $25.0 million commitment. IDT Telecom is required to comply with various affirmative and negative covenants
as well as maintain certain financial targets and ratios during the term of the line of credit, including IDT Telecom may not
pay any dividend on its capital stock and IDT Telecom s aggregate loans and advances to affiliates or subsidiaries may not
exceed $110.0 million. At October 31, 2016, there were no amounts utilized for letters of credit under the line of credit, IDT
Telecom was in compliance with all of the covenants, and IDT Telecom s aggregate loans and advances to affiliates and subsidiaries
was $102.7 million.  

Changes
in Trade Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts    

Gross
trade accounts receivable increased to $64.3 million at October 31, 2016 from $54.1 million at July 31, 2016 due to a $10.2 million
increase in IDT Telecom s gross trade accounts receivable balance. The increase in IDT Telecom s gross trade accounts
receivable balance was primarily due to amounts billed in in the three months ended October 31, 2016 in excess of collections
during the period, net of the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates.  

The
allowance for doubtful accounts as a percentage of gross trade accounts receivable was 7.6% at October 31, 2016 and 8.9% at July
31, 2016 as a result of an 18.8% increase in the gross trade accounts receivable balance and a 0.7% increase in the allowance
balance.  

Other
Uses of Resources     

Our
controlled 50%-owned subsidiary, CS Pharma, holds a $10 million principal amount, 3.5% convertible promissory note due September
16, 2018 issued by Cornerstone, and we and CS Pharma were issued warrants to purchase Cornerstone shares. Cornerstone is a clinical
stage, oncology-focused pharmaceutical company committed to the development and commercialization of therapies targeting cancer
metabolism that exploit the metabolic differences between normal cells and cancer cells. We expect to fund additional cash investments
in Cornerstone in fiscal 2017.  

We
intend to, where appropriate, make strategic investments and acquisitions to complement, expand, and/or enter into new businesses.
In considering acquisitions and investments, we search for opportunities to profitably grow our existing businesses and/or to
add qualitatively to the range and diversification of businesses in our portfolio. At this time, we cannot guarantee that we will
be presented with acquisition opportunities that meet our return on investment criteria, or that our efforts to make acquisitions
that meet our criteria will be successful.  

Contractual
Obligations and Other Commercial Commitments    

The
following tables quantify our future contractual obligations and commercial commitments as of October 31, 2016:  

Contractual
Obligations    

Other
Commercial Commitments    

(1)    The
                                         above table does not include an aggregate of $13.4 million in performance bonds due to
                                         the uncertainty of the amount and/or timing of any such payments.    

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements    

We
do not have any  off-balance sheet arrangements,  as defined in relevant SEC regulations that are reasonably likely
to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital
resources, other than the following.  

In
connection with our spin-off of Genie Energy Ltd., or Genie, in October 2011, we and Genie entered into various agreements prior
to the spin-off including a Separation and Distribution Agreement to effect the separation and provide a framework for our relationship
with Genie after the spin-off, and a Tax Separation Agreement, which sets forth the responsibilities of us and Genie with respect
to, among other things, liabilities for federal, state, local and foreign taxes for periods before and including the spin-off,
the preparation and filing of tax returns for such periods and disputes with taxing authorities regarding taxes for such periods.
Pursuant to the Separation and Distribution Agreement, among other things, we indemnify Genie and Genie indemnifies us for losses
related to the failure of the other to pay, perform or otherwise discharge, any of the liabilities and obligations set forth in
the agreement. Pursuant to the Tax Separation Agreement, among other things, we indemnify Genie from all liability for taxes of
ours with respect to any taxable period, and Genie indemnifies us from all liability for taxes of Genie and its subsidiaries with
respect to any taxable period, including, without limitation, the ongoing tax audits related to Genie s business.  

In
connection with our spin-off of Straight Path, in July 2013, we and Straight Path entered into various agreements prior to the
spin-off including a Separation and Distribution Agreement to effect the separation and provide a framework for our relationship
with Straight Path after the spin-off, and a Tax Separation Agreement, which sets forth the responsibilities of us and Straight
Path with respect to, among other things, liabilities for federal, state, local and foreign taxes for periods before and including
the spin-off, the preparation and filing of tax returns for such periods and disputes with taxing authorities regarding taxes
for such periods. Pursuant to the Separation and Distribution Agreement, we indemnify Straight Path and Straight Path indemnifies
us for losses related to the failure of the other to pay, perform or otherwise discharge, any of the liabilities and obligations
set forth in the agreement. Pursuant to the Tax Separation Agreement, we indemnify Straight Path from all liability for taxes
of Straight Path or any of its subsidiaries or relating to the Straight Path business with respect to taxable periods ending on
or before the spin-off, from all liability for taxes of ours, other than Straight Path and its subsidiaries, for any taxable period,
and from all liability for taxes due to the spin-off.  

In
connection with the Zedge Spin-Off in June 2016, we and Zedge entered into various agreements prior to the Zedge Spin-Off including
a Separation and Distribution Agreement to effect the separation and provide a framework for our relationship with Zedge after
the Zedge Spin-Off, and a Tax Separation Agreement, which sets forth the responsibilities of us and Zedge with respect to, among
other things, liabilities for federal, state, local and foreign taxes for periods before and including the Zedge Spin-Off, the
preparation and filing of tax returns for such periods and disputes with taxing authorities regarding taxes for such periods.
Pursuant to Separation and Distribution Agreement, among other things, we indemnify Zedge and Zedge indemnifies us for losses
related to the failure of the other to pay, perform or otherwise discharge, any of the liabilities and obligations set forth in
the agreement. Pursuant to the Tax Separation Agreement, among other things, Zedge indemnifies us from all liability for taxes
of Zedge and any of Zedge s subsidiaries or relating to Zedge s business accruing after the Zedge Spin-Off, and we
indemnify Zedge from all liability for taxes of Zedge and any of Zedge s subsidiaries or relating to Zedge s business
with respect to taxable periods ending on or before the Zedge Spin-Off.  

IDT
Payment Services and IDT Telecom have performance bonds issued through third parties for the benefit of various states in order
to comply with the states  financial requirements for money remittance licenses and telecommunications resellers, respectively.
At October 31, 2016, we had aggregate performance bonds of $13.4 million outstanding.  

Item 3. Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks  

Foreign
Currency Risk     

Revenues
from our international operations were 31% and 32% of our consolidated revenues for the three months ended October 31, 2016 and
2015, respectively. A significant portion of these revenues is in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. Our foreign currency
exchange risk is somewhat mitigated by our ability to offset a portion of these non U.S. Dollar-denominated revenues with
operating expenses that are paid in the same currencies. While the impact from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates affects
our revenue and expenses denominated in foreign currencies, the net amount of our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate changes
at the end of each reporting period is generally not material.  

Investment
Risk   

In
addition to, but separate from our primary business, we hold a portion of our assets in marketable securities and hedge funds
for strategic and speculative purposes. As of October 31, 2016, the carrying value of our marketable securities and investments
in hedge funds was $57.8 million and $8.4 million, respectively. Investments in marketable securities and hedge funds carry a
degree of risk, and depend to a great extent on correct assessments of the future course of price movements of securities and
other instruments. There can be no assurance that our investment managers will be able to accurately predict these price movements.
The securities markets have in recent years been characterized by great volatility and unpredictability. Accordingly, the value
of our investments may go down as well as up and we may not receive the amounts originally invested upon redemption.  

Item 4. Controls
and Procedures  

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.  Our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer have evaluated the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended), as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on this evaluation,
our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective
as of October 31, 2016.  

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting.  There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting
during the quarter ended October 31, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting.  

PART
II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal
Proceedings  

Legal
proceedings in which we are involved are more fully described in Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in
Item 1 to Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  

Item 1A. Risk
Factors  

There
are no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in Item 1A to Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended July 31, 2016.  

Item 2. Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

The
following table provides information with respect to purchases by us of our shares during the first quarter of fiscal 2017:  

(1)    On
                                         January 22, 2016, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program to purchase
                                         up to 8.0 million shares of our Class B common stock and cancelled the previous stock
                                         repurchase program originally approved by the Board of Directors on June 13, 2006, which
                                         had 4,636,741 shares remaining available for repurchase.    

(2)    Consists
                                         of shares of Class B common stock that were tendered by employees of ours to satisfy
                                         the employees  tax withholding obligations in connection with the lapsing of restrictions
                                         on awards of restricted stock. Such shares were repurchased by us based on their fair
                                         market value on the trading day immediately prior to the vesting date and the proceeds
                                         utilized to pay the taxes due upon such vesting event.    

Item 3. Defaults
Upon Senior Securities  

None  

Item 4. Mine
Safety Disclosures  

Not
applicable  

Item 5. Other
Information  

None  

Item 6 .  Exhibits   

*      Filed
or furnished herewith.  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

IDT
    CORPORATION    

December
    12, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
                                          Shmuel Jonas   

Shmuel
Jonas   
           Chief
        Executive Officer     

December
    12, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
                                          Marcelo Fischer   

Marcelo
Fischer   
           Senior
Vice President of Finance   
           (Principal
        Financial Officer)      

30 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10q1016ex31i_idtcorp.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Shmuel Jonas, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q of IDT Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date: December 12, 2016 

/s/
     Shmuel Jonas   

Shmuel Jonas  
          Chief Executive Officer    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10q1016ex31ii_idtcorp.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Marcelo Fischer, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q of IDT Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date: December 12, 2016 

/s/
     Marcelo Fischer   

Marcelo Fischer  
          Senior Vice President of Finance  
          (Principal Financial Officer)    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10q1016ex32i_idtcorp.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1   

Certification Pursuant to 
18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
(as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of 
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002) 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of
IDT Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2016 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Shmuel Jonas, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in
the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: December 12, 2016 

/s/
     Shmuel Jonas   

Shmuel Jonas  
          Chief Executive Officer    

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears
in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to IDT Corporation
and will be retained by IDT Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10q1016ex32ii_idtcorp.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2  

Certification Pursuant to 
18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
(as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of 
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002) 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of
IDT Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2016 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Marcelo Fischer, Senior Vice President of Finance of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in
the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: December 12, 2016 

/s/
     Marcelo Fischer   

Marcelo Fischer  
          Senior Vice President of Finance  
          (Principal Financial Officer)    

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears
in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to IDT Corporation
and will be retained by IDT Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 idt-20161031.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 idt-20161031.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 idt-20161031_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 idt-20161031_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 idt-20161031_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 idt-20161031_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

