<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1069308_0001654954-16-003838_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1820443</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>181885</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>107066</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>557862</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>559412</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>361636</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>8</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001654954-16-003838.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114072843
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001654954-16-003838
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		37
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Opexa Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001069308
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				760333165
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33004
		FILM NUMBER:		161990502

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2635 TECHNOLOGY FOREST BLVD.
		CITY:			THE WOODLANDS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77381
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(281) 272-9331

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2635 TECHNOLOGY FOREST BLVD.
		CITY:			THE WOODLANDS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77381

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PharmaFrontiers Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051011

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PHARMAFRONTIERS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040816

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SPORTAN UNITED INDUSTRIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990305

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001654954-16-003838.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 opxa_10q.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

Blueprint 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

(Mark One) 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Transition Period from                      
to  

Commission File Number: 001-33004 

Opexa Therapeutics, Inc. 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

2635 Technology Forest Blvd. 

Texas 

The Woodlands, Texas 77381 

76-0333165 

(State
or other jurisdiction of 

(Address
of principal executive 

(I.R.S.
Employer 

Incorporation
or organization) 

offices
and zip code) 

Identification
No.) 

(281) 272-9331 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to
be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
Yes    No   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files).     
Yes      No 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act. 

Large
accelerated filer    

Accelerated
filer      

Non-accelerated
filer      (Do not check if a smaller
reporting company)      

Smaller
reporting company     

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes       No

As of
November 1, 2016, there were 7,141,054 shares of the issuer s
Common Stock outstanding. 

OPEXA THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

For the Nine months ended September 30, 2016 

INDEX 

PART I   FINANCIAL
INFORMATION  

Page 

Item
1. 

Financial
Statements 

Unaudited
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015 

1 

Unaudited
Consolidated Statements of Operations: For the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 

2 

Unaudited
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders  Equity:
For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 

3 

Unaudited
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows: For the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 

4 

Notes
to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

5 

Item
2. 

Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations 

10 

Item
3. 

Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

17 

Item
4. 

Controls
and Procedures 

17 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

Item
1A. 

Risk
Factors 

18 

Item
6. 

Exhibits 

36 

Signatures 

37 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements. 

OPEXA THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(Unaudited) 

See
accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial
statements 

1 

OPEXA THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(Unaudited) 

See
accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial
statements 

2 

OPEXA THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

(Unaudited) 

See
accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial
statements 

3 

OPEXA THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(Unaudited) 

See
accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial
statements 

4 

OPEXA THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Unaudited) 

Note 1. Basis of Presentation and Going Concern 

The
accompanying interim unaudited consolidated financial statements of
Opexa Therapeutics, Inc. ( Opexa  or the
 Company ), have been prepared in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission
( SEC ) and should be read in conjunction with the
audited financial statements and notes thereto contained in
Opexa s latest Annual Report filed with the SEC on Form
10-K.  In the opinion of management, all adjustments,
consisting of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair
presentation of financial position and the results of operations
for the interim periods presented have been reflected herein. The
results of operations for interim periods are not necessarily
indicative of the results to be expected for the full
year.  Notes to the consolidated financial statements
that would substantially duplicate the disclosure contained in the
audited consolidated financial statements for the most recent
fiscal year as reported in Form 10-K have been
omitted. 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts
of Opexa and its wholly owned subsidiary, Opexa Hong Kong Limited
( Opexa Hong Kong ). All intercompany balances and
transactions have been eliminated in the
consolidation. 

The accompanying
unaudited consolidated financial statements for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 have been prepared assuming that the
Company will continue as a going concern, meaning the Company will
continue in operation for the foreseeable future and will be able
to realize assets and discharge liabilities in the ordinary course
of operations. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had cash
and cash equivalents of $5.8 million as well as accounts payable
and accrued expenses aggregating $2.1 million. While the Company
recognizes revenue related to the $5 million and
$3 million payments from Merck received in February 2013 and
March 2015 in connection with the Option and License Agreement and
the Amendment over the exclusive option period based on the
expected completion term of the Company s Phase IIb clinical
trial ( Abili-T ) of Tcelna  in patients with
secondary progressive multiple sclerosis ( SPMS ), the
Company does not currently generate any commercial revenues
resulting in cash receipts, nor does it expect to generate revenues
during the remainder of 2016 resulting in cash
receipts.  The Company s burn rate during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $765,000 per
month, thereby creating substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Subsequent to quarter-end,
on October 28, 2016, the Company announced that the Abili-T trial
did not meet its primary or secondary endpoints. The Company
implemented a reduction in workforce of 40% of its then 20
full-time employees, announced on November 2, 2016, while the
Company reevaluates its programs and various strategic alternatives
in light of the disappointing Abili-T study data. The Company
anticipates further restructuring by the end of 2016 to conserve
cash resources. The Company is currently analyzing the complete
data set from the Abili-T trial. The Company is also conducting a
review of its other research and development programs, including
the preclinical program for OPX-212 in NMO, to assess the viability
of continuing to pursue one or more of these programs. The Company
cannot predict its future cash needs until it completes this
analysis. Based on the top-line results from the Abili-T trial,
however, it is unlikely that the Company will continue with
development of Tcelna. Additionally, costs associated with
completing the Abili-T trial and implementing restructuring of the
Company s work force may result in an increase in the monthly
operating cash burn during the remainder of 2016. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty.   

The Company
continues to explore potential opportunities and alternatives to
obtain the additional resources that will be necessary to support
its ongoing operations through and beyond the next 12 months
including raising additional capital through either private or
public equity or debt financing as well as using its at-the-market
offering program and cutting expenses where possible. However, in
light of the    disappointing 
Abili-T study results, there can be no assurance that the Company
will be able to secure additional funds and that if such funds are
available, whether the terms or conditions would be acceptable to
the Company. 

Note 2.  Significant Accounting Polices 

Revenue Recognition.    Opexa
recognizes revenue in accordance with Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards
Codification ( FASB ASC ) 605,  Revenue
Recognition.  ASC 605 requires that four basic criteria must
be met before revenue can be recognized: (1) persuasive evidence of
an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred or services
rendered; (3) consideration is fixed or determinable; and (4)
collectability is reasonably assured. 

On
February 4, 2013, Opexa entered into an Option and License
Agreement (the  Merck Serono Agreement ) with Ares
Trading SA ( Merck Serono ), a wholly owned subsidiary
of Merck Serono S.A.  Pursuant to the terms, Merck Serono
has an option (the  Option ) to acquire an exclusive,
worldwide (excluding Japan) license of Opexa s Tcelna program
for the treatment of multiple sclerosis
( MS ).  The Option may be exercised by Merck
Serono prior to or upon Opexa s completion of the Phase IIb
Trial. 

5 

Opexa
received an upfront payment of $5 million for granting the
Option.  Opexa recognized revenues from nonrefundable,
up-front $5 million Option fees related to the Merck Serono
Agreement on a straight-line basis over the estimated Option
exercise period which coincides with the expected completion term
of the Abili-T clinical trial in SPMS.  If the Option is
exercised despite the disappointing results of the Abili-T study,
Merck Serono would pay the Company an upfront license fee of $25
million unless Merck Serono is unable to advance directly into a
Phase III clinical trial of Tcelna for SPMS without a further Phase
II clinical trial (as determined by Merck Serono), in which event
the upfront license fee would be $15 million. After exercising the
Option, Merck Serono would be solely responsible for funding
development, regulatory and commercialization activities for Tcelna
in MS, although the Company would retain an option to co-fund
certain development in exchange for increased royalty rates. The
Company would also retain rights to Tcelna in Japan, certain rights
with respect to the manufacture of Tcelna, and rights outside of
MS. 

On
March 9, 2015 Opexa entered into a First Amendment of Option and
License Agreement with Merck Serono, to amend the Merck Serono
Agreement (the  Merck Serono
Amendment ).  Opexa received $3 million in
consideration for the following: 

(i)  Creating
a detailed plan for potential Phase III development of Tcelna (the
 Pre-Phase III Plan ), including documenting all of the
activities necessary for laboratory facilities both in the U.S. and
Europe to reach operational readiness by the end of December 2016.
The Joint Steering Committee ( JSC ) established
pursuant to the Merck Serono Agreement will be responsible for
reviewing, approving and ultimately overseeing Opexa s
completion of the Pre-Phase III Plan.  In the event the
JSC has not approved the Pre-Phase III Plan prior to the end of the
period in the Merck Serono Agreement within which Merck Serono may
exercise its Option, such period will be extended for 60 days
following approval of the Pre Phase III Plan by the
JSC. 

(ii)  Providing
Merck Serono with updates and analysis on a blinded basis, grouped
in patient batches according to Opexa s analysis timetable,
on the progress of Opexa s immune monitoring program being
conducted in conjunction with the ongoing Abili-T clinical
trial. 

Opexa
evaluated the Merck Serono Amendment and determined that the $3
million payment from Merck Serono has stand-alone
value.  Opexa s continuing performance obligations
in connection with the $3 million payment include the creation of
the Pre-Phase III Plan and delivery of updates and analysis
relating to Opexa s immune monitoring program.  As
a stand-alone value term in the Merck Serono Amendment, the $3
million payment is determined to be a single unit of accounting,
and is recognized as revenue on a straight-line basis over the
period equivalent to the expected completion of the Pre-Phase III
Plan in December 2016.  Opexa includes the unrecognized
portion of the $5 million Option payment and the $3 million
amendment payment as deferred revenue on its consolidated balance
sheets. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents.   Opexa
considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity
of three months or less, when purchased, to be cash equivalents.
Investments with maturities in excess of three months but less than
one year are classified as short-term investments and are stated at
fair market value. 

Opexa
primarily maintains cash balances on deposit in accounts at a
U.S.-based financial institution.  The aggregate cash
balance on deposit in these accounts is insured by the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation up to
$250,000.  Opexa s cash balances on deposit in
these accounts may, at times, exceed the federally insured
limits.  Opexa has not experienced any losses in such
accounts. 

As of
September 30, 2016, Opexa had approximately $4.9 million in a
savings account.  For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, the savings account recognized an average market yield of
0.06%.  Interest income of $3,561 was recognized for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 in the consolidated statements
of operations. 

Note 3. Other Current Assets 

Other
current assets consisted of the following at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015: 

6 

Deferred offering
costs at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were $111,641 and
$28,876 respectively. The September 30, 2016 balance includes costs
incurred from third parties in connection with the March 25, 2016
implementation of a new Sales Agreement ( ATM
Agreement ) with IFS Securities, Inc. (doing business as
Brinson Patrick, a division of IFS Securities, Inc.) as sales
agent, pursuant to which Opexa can offer and sell shares of common
stock from time to time depending upon market demand, in
transactions deemed to be an  at the market  offering
as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933.  
These are included in other current assets in the consolidated
balance sheets. Upon the sales of shares of common stock under the
ATM Agreement, these capitalized costs will be offset against the
proceeds of such sales of shares of common stock and recorded in
additional paid in capital. As of September 30, 2016, $7,626 of
deferred offering costs were recorded in additional paid in
capital. 

Prepaid
expenses at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 include costs
incurred from third parties in connection with the Merck Serono
Agreement (see Note 2).  As of September 30, 2016, the
remaining costs of $9,733 in connection with the Merck Serono
Agreement are expected to be amortized over the upcoming 3-month
period. Also included in prepaid expenses at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 is an advance to Pharmaceutical Research
Associates, Inc. ( PRA ), a contract research
organization providing services to Opexa with respect to the
Abili-T study, in the amount of $45,365 and $45,365 respectively,
as well as $0 and $31,250 remaining from a prior payment to PRA of
$75,000 upon execution of an amendment to Opexa s agreement
with PRA. The remaining balance of Opexa s NASDAQ Capital
Market All-Inclusive Annual Fee of $13,750 is also included in the
September 30, 2016 prepaid expenses balance. Prepaid insurance in
the amount of $5,970 is included in prepaid expenses at September
30, 2016. The remaining balances are attributable to various
service and maintenance contracts. 

Note 4. Other Long Term Assets 

Other
long term assets consists solely of a single custom reagent that is
available to be used for the development of the Company s
product candidate OPX-212 for neuromyelitis optica
( NMO ), other Pre-Phase III research activities or
potentially for other treatment options or autoimmune diseases
utilizing the T-cell technology platform. Upon consumption, the
costs of this reagent are amortized to research and development
expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Note 5. Equity 

For the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, equity related transactions
were as follows: 

On
March 14, 2016, Opexa entered into an amendment to the September 1,
2015 Stock Purchase Agreement with the purchasers party thereto, to
extend by nine months the original dates for the milestones
relating to the subsequent tranches. As part of the amendment, the
expiration date of the Series N warrants issued pursuant to the
Stock Purchase Agreement was also extended from April 9, 2018 to
October 9, 2018. The Company determined that there is no accounting
impact to the modification of the Series N warrants since these are
investor warrants. 

On May
16, 2016, a total of 103,280 shares of common stock with an
aggregate fair value of $219,986 were granted to certain
non-employee directors for service on Opexa s Board of
Directors. Of these common stock awards, 25% vest immediately and
25% on each of June 30, 2016, September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2016 respectively, assuming continued Board service through each
such date as applicable. The total expense recognized for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 was $164,990. 

In June 2016, Opexa issued 14,501 shares of common stock upon
the exercise of Series M warrants for net proceeds of $57,985
collected on July 5, 2016. 

From August
17, 2016 through September 13, 2016, Opexa sold an aggregate of
66,184 shares of common stock under the ATM facility, with the new
Sales Agreement entered into with IFS Securities, Inc. (doing
business as Brinson Patrick, a division of IFS Securities, Inc.).
Gross and net proceeds, including amortization of deferred offering
costs, were $293,345 and $276,912, respectively. The average share
price ranged from $4.12 to $4.73 per share. These sales settled and
shares were issued by September 30, 2016. The shelf
registration statement and the offering prospectus relating to the
ATM facility must be kept current in order to use the program to
sell shares of common stock in the future. 

Note 6. Stock-Based Compensation 

Stock Options 

Opexa
accounts for stock-based compensation, including options and
nonvested shares, according to the provisions of FASB ASC 718,
"Share Based Payment.  During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, Opexa recognized stock-based compensation expense of
$485,959. Unamortized stock-based compensation expense as of
September 30, 2016 amounted to $1,877,706. 

7 

Stock
Option Activity 

A
summary of stock option activity for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016   is
presented below: 

Employee Options and Non-Employee Options 

Option
awards are granted with an exercise price equal to the market price
of Opexa s stock at the date of issuance, generally have a
ten-year life, and have various vesting dates that range from no
vesting or partial vesting upon date of grant to full vesting on a
specified date. Opexa estimates the fair value of stock options
using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model and records the
compensation expense ratably over the service period. 

Opexa
recognized stock based compensation expense of $485,959 and
$661,369 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively, for grants made to employees. 

On May
16, 2016, Opexa s shareholders approved an amendment and
restatement of the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (the  2010
Plan ) to increase the number of shares of common stock
reserved for issuance by an additional 650,000 shares and to reset
the number of stock-based awards issuable to a participant in any
calendar year. As of September 30, 2016 a maximum of 380,101
options to purchase shares of common stock are available for future
grants. 

On May
16, 2016, time-based options to purchase an aggregate of 200,000
shares at an exercise price of $2.13 were granted to various
officers and employees. These options have a term of ten years and
become exercisable over a three-year period, with 25% vesting on
the grant date and the remaining 75% vesting in equal increments
quarterly thereafter (in arrears) over the ensuing three years,
subject to continuous service or termination of employment without
cause. The fair value of these options of $384,501 was calculated
using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Variables used in the
Black-Scholes option model for these options include (1) discount
rate of 1.75% (2) expected term of 5.56 years (3) expected
volatility rate of 138.59% and (4) zero expected
dividends. 

On May
16, 2016, a performance-based option to purchase 50,000 shares of
common stock at an exercise price of $2.13 was granted to the Chief
Executive Officer. This option vests in full if, on or before
December 31, 2016, Merck Serono exercises its Option to acquire an
exclusive, worldwide (excluding Japan) license to Opexa s
Tcelna program for the treatment of multiple sclerosis under that
certain Option and License Agreement between Opexa and Merck Serono
dated February 4, 2013. The fair value of this milestone option is
$105,721 and was calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing
model. Variables used in the Black-Scholes option model for these
options include (1) discount rate of 1.75% (2) expected term of 10
years (3) expected volatility rate of 167.77% and (4) zero expected
dividends. 

On
August 16, 2016, time-based options to purchase an aggregate of
40,000 shares at an exercise price of $4.13 were granted to various
employees. These options have a term of ten years and become
exercisable over a three-year period, with 25% vesting on the grant
date and the remaining 75% vesting in equal increments quarterly
thereafter (in arrears) over the ensuing three years, subject to
continuous service or termination of employment without cause. The
fair value of these options of $148,557 was calculated using the
Black-Scholes option pricing model. Variables used in the
Black-Scholes option model for these options include (1) discount
rate of 1.57% (2) expected term of 5.56 years (3) expected
volatility rate of 137.40% and (4) zero expected
dividends. 

In
addition, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 there
were 36,751 shares underlying options that were forfeited and
cancelled. 

8 

Warrant Activity 

A
summary of warrant activity for the nine months ended September 30,
2016   is presented
below: 

In
connection with the amended stock purchase agreement entered in on
March 14, 2016 (See Note 5), the Company also amended and restated
the Series N Warrants to purchase shares of the Company s
common stock previously issued to the Purchasers, and extend the
expiration date of the Series N Warrants by nine months (i.e., from
April 9, 2018 to October 9, 2018). The Company determined that
there is no accounting impact to the modification of the Series N
warrants since these are investor warrants. In June 2016, Opexa
issued 14,501 shares of common stock upon the exercise of Series M
warrants for net proceeds of $57,985 collected on July 5, 2016.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, 51,823 warrants
were forfeited and canceled. 

Note 7. Subsequent Events 

Results of Phase IIb Abili-T Clinical Trial for Tcelna in
SPMS 

On
October 28, 2016, the Company announced that its Abili-T clinical
trial designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of Tcelna
(imilecleucel-T) in patients with SPMS did not meet its primary
endpoint of reduction in brain volume change (atrophy), nor did it
meet the secondary endpoint of reduction of the rate of sustained
disease progression. 

Reduction in Force  

In
light of the Abili-T trial results, on November 2, 2016, the
Company announced that its board of directors had approved a 40%
reduction of the Company s current full-time workforce of 20
employees in order to reduce operating expenses and conserve cash
resources. The Company estimates that it will incur incremental
aggregate cash charges of approximately $95,000 associated with
this workforce reduction. The Company expects further restructuring
by the end of 2016 to conserve cash resources. 

9 

Item
2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition is
as of September 30, 2016.  Our results of operations and
cash flows should be read in conjunction with our unaudited
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included
elsewhere in this report and the audited financial statements and
the notes thereto included in our Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements
which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of Section
27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Statements
contained in this report, other than statements of historical fact,
constitute  forward-looking statements.  The words
 expects,   believes,   hopes, 
 anticipates,   estimates, 
 may,   could,   intends, 
 exploring,   evaluating, 
 progressing,   proceeding  and similar
expressions are intended to identify forward-looking
statements.   

These
forward-looking statements do not constitute guarantees of future
performance.  Investors are cautioned that statements
which are not strictly historical statements, including, without
limitation, statements regarding current or future financial
payments, costs, returns, royalties, performance and position,
plans and objectives for future operations, plans and objectives
for product development, plans and objectives for present and
future clinical trials and results of such trials, plans and
objectives for regulatory approval, litigation, intellectual
property, product development, manufacturing plans and performance,
management s initiatives and strategies, and the development
of Opexa s product candidates, Tcelna (imilecleucel-T) and
OPX-212, constitute forward-looking statements.  Such
forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those anticipated.  These risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to, those risks discussed in
 Risk Factors,  as well as, without limitation, risks
associated with: 

the
continued development of Tcelna for the treatment of secondary
progressive multiple sclerosis ( SPMS ), the continued
development of OPX-212 for neuromyelitis optica
( NMO ), or any continued research or
development; 

market
conditions; 

our
capital position; 

our
ability to compete with larger, better financed pharmaceutical and
biotechnology companies; 

new
approaches to the treatment of our targeted diseases; 

our
expectation of incurring continued losses; 

our
uncertainty of developing a marketable product; 

our
ability to raise additional capital to continue our development
programs (including to undertake and complete any ongoing or
further clinical studies for Tcelna or OPX-212); 

our
ability to maintain compliance with NASDAQ listing
standards; 

the
outcome of our clinical trials, including for the Company s
Phase IIb clinical trial ( Abili-T ) of Tcelna in
patients with SPMS; 

whether
Ares Trading SA ( Merck Serono ), a wholly owned
subsidiary of Merck Serono S.A., elects to exercise its option (the
 Option ) to acquire an exclusive, worldwide (excluding
Japan) license of our Tcelna program for the treatment of multiple
sclerosis ( MS ) despite the disappointing results of
the Abili-T study and, if so, whether we receive any development or
commercialization milestone payments or royalties from Merck Serono
pursuant to the Option; 

our
dependence (if Merck Serono exercises its Option despite the
disappointing results of the Abili-T study) on the resources and
abilities of Merck Serono for the further development of
Tcelna; 

the
efficacy of Tcelna for any particular indication, such as for
relapsing remitting MS or SPMS, and the efficacy of OPX-212 for
NMO; 

our
ability to develop and commercialize products; 

our
ability to obtain required regulatory approvals; 

our
compliance with all Food and Drug Administration
regulations; 

our
ability to obtain, maintain and protect intellectual property
rights (including for Tcelna and OPX-212); 

the
risk of litigation regarding our intellectual property rights or
the rights of third parties; 

the
success of third party development and commercialization efforts
with respect to products covered by 

intellectual
property rights that we may license or transfer; 

our
limited manufacturing capabilities; 

our
dependence on third-party manufacturers; 

our
ability to hire and retain skilled personnel; 

our
volatile stock price; and 

other
risks detailed in our filings with the SEC. 

10 

These
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date
made.  We assume no obligation or undertaking to update
any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in
expectations with regard thereto or any change in events,
conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is
based.  You should, however, review additional
disclosures we make in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the
SEC. 

Overview 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we use  Opexa,   the
Company,   we,   our  and
 us  to refer to the businesses of Opexa Therapeutics,
Inc. 

Opexa
is a biopharmaceutical company developing personalized
immunotherapies with the potential to treat major illnesses,
including multiple sclerosis (MS) as well as other autoimmune
diseases such as NMO. These therapies are based on our proprietary
T-cell technology. Information related to our product candidates,
Tcelna  and OPX-212, is preliminary and investigative. Tcelna
and OPX-212 have not been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration (FDA) or other global regulatory agencies for
marketing. 

On
October 28, 2016, we announced that the Abili-T trial did not meet
its primary endpoint of reduction in brain volume change (atrophy),
nor did it meet the secondary endpoint of reduction of the rate of
sustained disease progression. Abili-T is a 183-patient,
randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase IIb study that
was conducted at 35 clinical trial sites in the U.S. and Canada and
designed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of Tcelna
(imilecleucel-T) in patients with SPMS. Patients in the Tcelna arm
of the study received two annual courses of Tcelna treatment
consisting of five subcutaneous injections per year. We completed
enrollment of the Abili-T study in May 2014 and un-blinded the
results from the study in late October 2016. 

The
primary endpoint for the Abili-T study was the percentage of whole
brain volume change as measured by magnetic resonance imaging
( MRI ) at two years. The analysis was conducted using
a mixed model of repeated measures to include data from months 6,
12 and 24, relative to baseline normalized brain volume values. The
mean percentage (and standard deviation) brain volume loss at two
years for placebo-treated subjects was -0.657 (0.7598), and for
Tcelna-treated subjects was -0.886 (0.7519) [p=0.043]. Further
analysis of the data may be conducted to evaluate the potential for
pseudo-atrophy to be a primary driver in the change in whole brain
atrophy for Tcelna versus placebo-treated subjects. 

Secondary endpoints
included percentage of subjects with confirmed disease progression
of disability in one or more of the Expanded Disability Status
Scale ( EDSS ), Timed 25-foot Walk
( T25FW ), or 9-Hole Peg Test ( 9HPT ). For
each test, the following definitions were applied: EDSS score
increased from baseline by at least 1 point if baseline EDSS
 6.0, or by at least 0.5 points if baseline EDSS  6
sustained for 12 weeks; for T25FW, time increased by at least 20%
of the baseline walk sustained for six months; and for 9HPT, time
increased by at least 20% of the time taken at baseline sustained
for six months. After two years on study, 32.2% of placebo-treated
subjects were scored as progressed, compared to 33.3% of
Tcelna-treated subjects [p=0.873]. A further secondary endpoint
monitored time to sustained progression of disability by EDSS
confirmed over three months, but not associated with an acute
relapse. 17.8% of placebo subjects versus 20.4% of Tcelna-treated
subjects were scored as progressed by EDSS after two years on
study. Time (in months) to sustained progression by Kaplan-Meier
analysis generated values for the 25% quartile of 24.9 for placebo,
versus 25.0 for Tcelna [p=0.697]. 

The
overall summary of adverse events ( AEs ) in the safety
population consisting of 93 placebo subjects and 96 Tcelna-treated
subjects found no difference in treatment-emergent adverse events
( TEAE ) possibly, probably or definitely related to
study treatment. The number of subjects with a TEAE leading to
early study termination was 9 (9.7%) in the placebo treatment arm,
versus 6 (6.3%) in the Tcelna treatment arm. Tcelna was considered
safe and well tolerated. 

An
immune monitoring program was conducted on blood samples collected
over time to detect Tcelna-induced immune modulation. The analysis
of the differentiation and functional status of various
anti-inflammatory/regulatory CD4+ T-cells showed no difference
between Tcelna and placebo-treated subjects. A statistically
significant increase in CD4+ T-cells displaying a Th17 (IL-17+) and
Th1 (IFNg+) profile was recorded in Tcelna-treated subjects. This
inflammatory response to the Tcelna product may correlate with
priming of the immune response to target myelin-reactive T-cells
(MRTC). A correlation analysis of immune monitoring T-cell
phenotypes to MRTC bio-activity has not yet been
conducted. 

We are currently
analyzing the complete data set from the Abili-T trial. We are also
conducting a review of our other research and development programs,
including our preclinical program for OPX-212 in NMO, to assess the
viability of continuing to pursue one or more of these programs. We
cannot predict our future cash needs until we complete this
analysis. Based on the top-line results from the Abili-T trial,
however, it is unlikely that we will continue with further
development of Tcelna.   

11 

We
implemented a reduction in workforce of 40% of our then 20
full-time employees, announced on November 2, 2016, while we
reevaluate our programs and various strategic alternatives in light
of the disappointing Abili-T study data. We anticipate further
restructuring by the end of 2016 to conserve cash
resources. 

To
date, we have devoted substantially all of our resources to
research and development efforts relating to our lead product
candidate, Tcelna, including conducting clinical trials and
developing manufacturing capabilities, providing general and
administrative support for these operations, and protecting our
intellectual property. We do not have any products approved for
sale and have not generated any commercial revenues resulting in
cash receipts, nor do we expect to generate revenues during the
remainder of 2016 resulting in cash receipts. From inception, we
have funded our operations primarily through the sales of equity
and debt securities. 

We have
incurred net losses in each year since our inception. As of
September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately
$159.6 million. Substantially all of our net losses, including
those incurred during the periods presented in this report, have
resulted from costs incurred in connection with our research and
development programs and from general and administrative costs
associated with our operations. 

If we determine to
continue the development of one or more of our programs, we expect
to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing losses for
at least the next several years. We would need to raise additional
capital in order to conduct further development. Given the
disappointing results of our Abili-T trial, we believe our ability
to issue equity securities or obtain debt financing in the future
on favorable terms, or at all, has been substantially
impaired.   

We
continue to explore potential opportunities and alternatives to
obtain the additional resources that will be necessary to support
our ongoing operations through and beyond the next 12 months,
including raising additional capital through either private or
public equity or debt financing as well as using our ATM facility
and cutting expenses where possible. However, in light of the
Abili-T study results, there can be no assurance that we will be
able to secure additional funds or, if such funds are available,
that the terms or conditions would be acceptable to us. If we are
unable to obtain additional funding to support our current or
proposed activities and operations, we may not be able to continue
our operations as proposed, which may require us to suspend or
terminate any ongoing development activities, modify our business
plan, curtail various aspects of our operations, cease operations
or seek relief under applicable bankruptcy laws. In such event, our
shareholders may lose a substantial portion or even all of their
investment. 

Option and License Agreement with Merck Serono 

On
February 4, 2013, we entered into an Option and License Agreement
with Merck Serono.  Pursuant to the agreement, Merck
Serono has the Option to acquire an exclusive, worldwide (excluding
Japan) license of our Tcelna program for the treatment of
MS.  The Option may be exercised by Merck Serono prior to
or upon completion of our ongoing Abili-T trial of Tcelna in
patients with SPMS.  Under the terms of the agreement, we
received an upfront payment of $5 million for granting the
Option.  If the Option is exercised despite the
disappointing results of the Abili-T study, Merck Serono would pay
us an upfront license fee of $25 million unless Merck Serono is
unable to advance directly into a Phase III clinical trial of
Tcelna for SPMS without a further Phase II clinical trial (as
determined by Merck Serono), in which event the upfront license fee
would be $15 million. After exercising the Option, Merck Serono
would be solely responsible for funding development, regulatory and
commercialization activities for Tcelna in MS, although we would
retain an option to co-fund certain development in exchange for
increased royalty rates.  We would also retain rights to
Tcelna in Japan, certain rights with respect to the manufacture of
Tcelna, and rights to use for other indications outside of
MS. 

Based
upon the achievement of development milestones by Merck Serono for
Tcelna in SPMS, we would be eligible to receive one-time milestone
payments totaling up to $70 million as follows: (i) milestone
payments aggregating $35 million if Tcelna is submitted for
regulatory approval and commercialized in the United States; (ii)
milestone payments aggregating $30 million if Tcelna is submitted
for regulatory approval in Europe and commercialized in at least
three major countries in Europe; and (iii) a milestone payment of
$5 million if Tcelna is commercialized in certain markets outside
of the United States and Europe. If Merck Serono elects to develop
and commercialize Tcelna in RRMS, we would be eligible to receive
milestone payments aggregating up to $40 million based upon the
achievement by Merck Serono of various development, regulatory and
first commercial sale milestones. 

If
Tcelna receives regulatory approval and is commercialized by Merck
Serono, we would be eligible to receive royalties pursuant to a
tiered structure at rates ranging from 8% to 15% of annual net
sales, with step-ups over such range occurring when annual net
sales exceed $500 million, $1 billion and $2
billion.  Any royalties would be subject to offset or
reduction in various situations, including if third party rights
are required or if patent protection is not available in an
applicable jurisdiction. We would also be responsible for royalty
obligations to certain third parties, such as Baylor College of
Medicine from which we originally licensed related
technology.  If we were to exercise an option to co-fund
certain of Merck Serono s development, the royalty rates
payable by Merck Serono would be increased to rates ranging from
10% to 18%. In addition to royalty payments, we would be eligible
to receive one-time commercial milestones totaling up to $85
million, with $55 million of such milestones achievable at annual
net sales targets in excess of $1 billion. 

12 

On
March 9, 2015, we entered into a First Amendment of Option and
License Agreement with Merck Serono to amend the Merck Serono
Agreement (the  Merck Serono Amendment ).  We
received a payment of $3 million in consideration for the
following: 

Creating a detailed
plan for potential Phase III development of Tcelna (the
 Pre-Phase III Plan ), including documenting all of the
activities necessary for laboratory facilities both in the U.S. and
Europe to reach operational readiness by the end of December 2016.
The Joint Steering Committee ( JSC ) established
pursuant to the Merck Serono Agreement will be responsible for
reviewing, approving and ultimately overseeing our completion of
the Pre-Phase III Plan.  In the event the JSC has not
approved the Pre-Phase III Plan prior to the end of the period in
the Merck Serono Agreement within which Merck Serono may exercise
its Option, such period will be extended for 60 days following
approval of the Pre-Phase III Plan by the JSC. 

Providing Merck
Serono with updates and analysis on a blinded basis, grouped in
patient batches according to our analysis timetable, on the
progress of our immune monitoring program being conducted in
conjunction with our ongoing Abili-T clinical trial. 

License Agreement with
Baylor College of Medicine  

In
2001, we entered into an agreement with Baylor College of Medicine
for the exclusive worldwide license to a patient-specific,
autologous T-cell immunotherapy for the treatment of MS, which is
the initial T-cell technology on which Tcelna is based, including
rights to certain patents held by Baylor. In consideration for the
right and license to commercially exploit such technology, we
agreed to pay the following (per scenario 1 of the license
agreement): (i) a 2% royalty on net sales of licensed patented
products sold by Opexa or its affiliates where annual gross sales
of such products is less than or equal to $500 million; (ii) a 1%
royalty on net sales of licensed patented products sold by Opexa or
its affiliates where annual gross sales of such products exceed
$500 million; (iii) a 1% royalty on net sales of licensed patent
pending products sold by Opexa or its affiliates; and (iv) a 1%
royalty on net sales of licensed patented products or licensed
patent pending products sold by any sublicensees of Opexa (which
would include Merck Serono if it exercises its Option to acquire
the Tcelna program pursuant to the Option Agreement (described
above), and ultimately receives regulatory approval and
commercializes Tcelna). Unless earlier terminated, the Baylor
license agreement expires in 2025 upon expiration of the last of
the licensed patent rights. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

General.  Our discussion and analysis of
our financial condition and results of operations is based on our
unaudited, consolidated financial statements, which have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the U.S. The preparation of these financial statements
requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities and expenses. We base our
estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions
that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the
results of which form the basis for making judgments about the
carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily
apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these
estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe the
following critical accounting policies affect our most significant
judgments and estimates used in preparation of our unaudited,
consolidated financial statements. 

Revenue Recognition.    We
adopted the provisions of FASB ASC 605,  Revenue
Recognition.  ASC 605 requires that four basic criteria must
be met before revenue can be recognized: (1) persuasive evidence of
an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred or services
rendered; (3) consideration is fixed or determinable; and (4)
collectability is reasonably assured. 

We
evaluated the Merck Serono Agreement and determined that the $5
million upfront payment from Merck Serono has stand-alone
value.  Opexa s continuing performance obligations,
in connection with the $5 million payment, include the execution
and completion of the Abili-T clinical trial in SPMS using
commercially reasonable efforts at our own costs.  As a
stand-alone value term in the Merck Serono Agreement, the $5
million upfront payment is determined to be a single unit of
accounting, and is recognized as revenue on a straight-line basis
over the exclusive option period based on the expected completion
term of the Abili-T clinical trial in SPMS. 

We
evaluated the Merck Serono Amendment and determined that the $3
million payment from Merck Serono has stand-alone
value.  Opexa s continuing performance obligations,
in connection with the $3 million payment, include the creation of
the Pre-Phase III Plan and delivery of updates and analysis
relating to the Program.  As a stand-alone value term in
the Merck Serono Amendment, the $3 million payment is determined to
be a single unit of accounting, and is recognized as revenue on a
straight-line basis over the period equivalent to the expected
completion of the Pre-Phase III Plan in December
2016.  Opexa includes the unrecognized portion of the $3
million as deferred revenue on the consolidated balance
sheets. 

13 

Stock-Based Compensation.  We adopted the
provisions of FASB ASC 718 which establishes accounting for equity
instruments exchanged for employee service. We utilize the
Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate the fair value of
employee stock-based compensation at the date of grant, which
requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, including
expected volatility and expected life. Changes in these inputs and
assumptions can materially affect the measure of estimated fair
value of our share-based compensation. These assumptions are
subjective and generally require significant analysis and judgment
to develop. When estimating fair value, some of the assumptions
will be based on, or determined from, external data and other
assumptions may be derived from our historical experience with
stock-based payment arrangements. The appropriate weight to place
on historical experience is a matter of judgment, based on relevant
facts and circumstances. 

We
estimated volatility by considering historical stock volatility. We
have opted to use the simplified method for estimating expected
term of options as equal to the midpoint between the vesting period
and the contractual term. 

Research and Development.  The costs of
materials and equipment or facilities that are acquired or
constructed for research and development activities and that have
alternative future uses are capitalized as tangible assets when
acquired or constructed. The cost of such materials consumed in
research and development activities and the depreciation of such
equipment or facilities used in those activities are research and
development costs. However, the costs of materials, equipment, or
facilities acquired or constructed for research and development
activities that have no alternative future uses are considered
research and development costs and are expensed at the time the
costs are incurred. 

Results of Operations and Financial Condition 

Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 with the
Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Revenue.  Revenues of $726,291 and
$726,291 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively, included $307,686 and $307,686, respectively, related
to the $5 million payment from Merck Serono in connection with the
Merck Serono Agreement.   Revenues for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 also include $418,605 and
$418,605, respectively, related to the $3 million payment from
Merck Serono in connection with the Merck Serono Amendment (see
Revenue Recognition). 

Research and Development Expenses. 
Research and development expenses were $2,165,728 for the three
months ended September 30, 2016, compared with $2,420,220 for the
three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in expenses is
primarily due to cost reductions in connection with the winding
down of the clinical trial of Tcelna in SPMS, including our site
expenses as well as additional expense reduction due to a pause in
NMO study development cost. Additionally, there was a decrease in
our legal patent protection expenses, and the March 2016 workforce
reduction further reduced third quarter expenses. These reductions
were almost completely offset by the increase in our monthly
expenses to Pharmaceutical Research Associates, Inc. (PRA), as well
as an execution payment and additional milestone payments relating
to an amendment entered into for a change order relating to our
clinical trials management services agreement for the ongoing
Abili-T study. 

General and Administrative Expenses. 
General and administrative expenses were $512,727 for the three
months ended September 30, 2016, compared with $1,023,848 for the
three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in expenses is
primarily due to the workforce reduction in March 2016 and a
reduction in our legal, accounting and securities expenses. A
reduction in our option expense further decreased our third quarter
expenses as did lower consulting and convention expenses. These
reductions were slightly offset by a decrease in the reallocation
of general and administrative expenses to research and
development. 

Depreciation and Amortization Expenses. 
Depreciation and amortization expenses for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 were $52,045, compared with $89,018 for the
three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in depreciation
is mainly due to laboratory equipment, leasehold improvements,
furniture and fixtures as well as software becoming almost fully
depreciated. 

Interest Income, Net.    Net
interest income was $686 for the three months ended September 30,
2016, compared to $2,222 for the three months ended September 30,
2015. 

Other Income and Expense,
Net .  Other Income and Expense, net was an expense
of $2,381 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared
to net income of $11,760 in the three months ended September 30,
2015. The decrease in 2016 is due to a reduction in the number of
Canadian clinical sites still treating patients and the related
realized gain in currency fluctuation between the US dollar and the
Canadian dollar for payments made to clinical sites located in
Canada. 

14 

Net Loss.  We had a net loss for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 of approximately $2.0
million, or $0.28 loss per share (basic and diluted), compared with
a net loss of approximately $2.8 million or $0.42 loss per share
(basic and diluted) for the three months ended September 30, 2015.
The decrease in research and development expenses is primarily due
to cost reductions in connection with the winding down of the
clinical trial of Tcelna in SPMS, including our site expenses as
well as additional expense reduction due to a pause in NMO study
development cost. Additionally, there was a decrease in our patent
protection cost and the March 2016 workforce reduction further
decreased third quarter expenses. These reductions were largely
offset by the increase in our monthly expenses to PRA as well as an
execution payment and additional milestone payments relating to an
amendment entered into for a change order relating to our clinical
trials management services agreement for the Abili-T study. General
and administrative expenses were also reduced due to the workforce
reduction as well as a decrease in our legal, accounting and
securities expenses. Our Black-Sholes option expense was reduced as
well as our depreciation and amortization expense due to many of
our fixed assets being fully amortized. 

Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 with the
Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Revenue.    Revenues of
$2,178,873 and $1,830,036 for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively, included $923,058 and $923,058,
respectively, related to the $5 million upfront payment from Merck
Serono in connection with the Merck Serono Agreement.  
Revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 also
include $1,255,815 and $906,978, respectively, related to the $3
million payment from Merck Serono in connection with Merck Serono
Amendment (see Revenue Recognition). 

Research and Development Expenses. 
Research and development expenses were $5,809,730 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, compared with $7,853,076 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in expenses are
primarily due to the March 2016 workforce reduction, partially
offset by an increase in contract labor and our employee retention
plan. Another major decrease in expense is due to cost reductions
in connection with the winding down of the clinical trial of Tcelna
in SPMS, especially a decrease in our site expenses as well as
patient and contract research organization travel, safety and
laboratory services. There was also a decrease in the procurement
and use of supplies for product manufacturing and development of
Tcelna in SPMS, as well as a net decrease in procurement of
supplies and blood samples related to the NMO study development.
Patent protection and a decrease in the reallocation of general and
administrative expenses further reduced research and development
costs. Finally, logistics expense was reduced due to the last
patient doses being shipped in February 2016. All these expense
reductions were moderately offset by an execution payment and
increased monthly payments to PRA relating to an amendment entered
into for a change order relating to our clinical trials management
services agreement for the ongoing Abili-T study, as well as
stability testing for our custom reagents and increased stock-based
compensation expense. 

General and Administrative Expenses. 
General and administrative expenses for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 were $2,453,557 compared with $3,375,602 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in expenses is
primarily due to a reduction in our legal, accounting and
securities expenditures. Our Black-Sholes option expense further
decreased our third quarter expenses as did lower consulting and
convention payments, partially offset by an increase in our
investor relation fees. Additionally, due to the March 2016
workforce reduction, employee compensation expense decreased, which
was offset by expense of our employee retention plan. Equipment
rental and repairs and maintenance decreased due to reclassifying
these expenses to research and development. These general and
administrative reductions were slightly offset by a decrease in the
reallocation of general and administrative expenses to research and
development as well as an increase in directors  fees and
restricted stock awards. 

Depreciation and Amortization Expenses. 
Depreciation and amortization expenses for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 were $190,287 compared with $280,003 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in depreciation
is due to laboratory equipment, leasehold improvements, furniture
and fixtures as well as software becoming almost fully
depreciated. 

Interest Income, net. 
  Interest income net of interest expense was $1,208 for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $5,290 for
the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Other Income and Expense,
Net .  Other Income was $2,474 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, compared to $32,781 in the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in 2016 is due to a
reduction in the number of Canadian clinical sites still treating
patients and the related realized gain in currency fluctuation
between the US and Canadian dollar for services billed in Canadian
dollars, yet paid in US dollars. Offsetting this gain is a
reduction in the spot conversion due to decreasing Canadian site
liabilities and the corresponding conversion from Canadian to US
dollars. 

Net Loss.  We had a net loss for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 of approximately $6.3 million, or
$0.89 loss per share (basic and diluted), compared with a net loss
of approximately $9.6 million or $1.75 loss per share (basic and
diluted) for the nine months ended September 30,
2015.  The decrease in net loss is primarily due to a
reduction in research and development cost, including a decrease in
employee compensation expense due to the March 2016 workforce
reduction and a decrease in clinical site and patient related
expenses due to the winding down of the clinical trial of Tcelna in
SPMS. A decrease in the procurement and use of supplies for product
manufacturing and development of Tcelna in SPMS, as well as a net
decrease in procurement of supplies and blood samples related to
the NMO study development, also contributed to the reduction of
research and development expenses. These decreases were offset by
an execution payment and increased monthly payments to PRA relating
to an amendment entered into for a change order relating to our
clinical trials management services agreement for the ongoing
Abili-T study, as well as stability testing for our custom
reagents. Secondly, general and administrative expenses were less
due to a reduction in our legal, accounting and securities
expenditures. Our Black-Sholes option expense further decreased our
third quarter expenses as did lower consulting and convention
payments, partially offset by an increase in our investor relation
fees. Additionally, due to the March 2016 workforce reduction, net
employee compensation expense decreased. Equipment rental and
repairs and maintenance decreased due to reclassifying these
expenses to research and development. These general and
administrative reductions were slightly offset by a decrease in the
reallocation of general and administrative expenses to research and
development as well as an increase in directors  fees and
restricted stock awards. 

15 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Historically, we
have financed our operations primarily through the sale of debt and
equity securities. The accompanying unaudited consolidated
financial statements for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
have been prepared assuming that Opexa will continue as a going
concern, meaning Opexa will continue in operation for the
foreseeable future and will be able to realize assets and discharge
liabilities in the ordinary course of operations. As of September
30, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $5.8 million as well
as accounts payable and accrued expenses aggregating $2.1 million.
While we recognize revenue related to the $5 million and
$3 million payments from Merck received in February 2013 and
March 2015 in connection with the Option and License Agreement and
the Amendment over the exclusive option period based on the
expected completion term of the Abili-T clinical trial, we do not
currently generate any commercial revenues resulting in cash
receipts, nor do we expect to generate revenues during the
remainder of 2016 resulting in cash receipts.  Our burn
rate during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was
approximately $765,000 per month, thereby creating substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
Additionally, costs associated with completing the Abili-T trial
and implementing restructuring of our work force may result in an
increase in the monthly operating cash burn during the remainder of
2016. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

We
implemented a reduction in workforce of 40% of our then 20
full-time employees, announced on November 2, 2016, while we
reevaluate our programs and various strategic alternatives in light
of the disappointing Abili-T study data. We anticipate further
restructuring by the end of 2016 to conserve cash resources. We
believe that we have sufficient liquidity to support our current
activities in winding down the Abili-T trial and for general
operations to sustain the Company and support such activities into
the first quarter of 2017. However, if our projections prove to be
inaccurate, or if we encounter additional costs to wind down the
trial or to sustain our operations, or if we incur other costs such
as those associated with pursuing further research and development,
we would need to raise additional capital to continue our
operations. 

On
March 25, 2016, we entered into a new Sales Agreement with IFS
Securities, Inc. (doing business as Brinson Patrick, a division of
IFS Securities, Inc.) as sales agent, pursuant to which we can
offer and sell shares of our common stock from time to time
depending upon market demand, in transactions deemed to be an
 at the market  offering.  We registered up
to 1,000,000 shares of common stock for potential sale under the
new ATM facility. From August 17 through September 13, 2016, we
sold an aggregate of 66,184 shares of our common stock under our
ATM facility. We generated gross and net proceeds, including
amortization of deferred offering costs, of $293,345 and $276,912,
respectively, with the average share price ranging from $4.12 to
$4.73 per share.    We will need to keep
current our shelf registration statement and the offering
prospectus relating to the ATM facility in order to use the program
to sell shares of common stock in the future. 

If we
determine to continue the development of one or more of our
programs, we expect to continue to incur significant expenses and
increasing losses for at least the next several years. We would
need to raise additional capital in order to conduct further
development. Given the disappointing results of our Abili-T trial,
we believe our ability to issue equity securities or obtain debt
financing in the future on favorable terms, or at all, has been
substantially impaired. 

We
continue to explore potential opportunities and alternatives to
obtain the additional resources that will be necessary to support
our ongoing operations through and beyond the next 12 months,
including raising additional capital through either private or
public equity or debt financing as well as using our ATM facility
and cutting expenses where possible. However, in light of the
Abili-T study results, there can be no assurance that we will be
able to secure additional funds or, if such funds are available,
that the terms or conditions would be acceptable to us. If we are
unable to obtain additional funding to support our current or
proposed activities and operations, we may not be able to continue
our operations as proposed, which may require us to suspend or
terminate any ongoing development activities, modify our business
plan, curtail various aspects of our operations, cease operations
or seek relief under applicable bankruptcy laws. In such event, our
shareholders may lose a substantial portion or even all of their
investment. 

If the
disappointing results of the Abili-T study result in Merck Serono
not exercising its Option to acquire the exclusive, worldwide
(excluding Japan) license of our Tcelna program for MS, or if we
are not successful in attracting another partner, we may not be
able to complete development of or commercialize any product
candidate.   In such event, our ability to generate
revenues and achieve or sustain profitability would be
significantly hindered and we may not be able to continue
operations as proposed, requiring us to modify our business plan,
curtail various aspects of our operations or cease operations. In
such event, our shareholders may lose a substantial portion or even
all of their investment. 

16 

We do
not maintain any external lines of credit or have any sources of
debt or equity capital committed for funding, other than our ATM
facility. Should we need any additional capital in the future
beyond the ATM facility, management will be reliant upon
 best efforts  debt or equity financings. As our
prospects for funding, if any, develop, we will assess our business
plan and make adjustments accordingly. Although we have
successfully funded our operations to date by attracting additional
investors in our equity and debt securities, given the
disappointing results of our Abili-T study, there is no assurance
that our capital raising efforts will be able to attract additional
capital necessary for future operations. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

None. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
there were no accounting standards or interpretations issued that
are expected to have a material impact on our financial position,
operations or cash flows.    

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk. 

Not
Applicable. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the
reports that we file or submit to the Securities and Exchange
Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time
periods specified by the Securities and Exchange Commission s
rules and forms, and that information is accumulated and
communicated to our management, including our principal executive
(whom we refer to in this periodic report as our Certifying
Officer), as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the
participation of our Certifying Officer, the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016,
pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act.
Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officer concluded that,
as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

17 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1A.   
Risk Factors. 

Investing in our securities involves a high degree of
risk.  You should consider the following risk factors, as
well as other information contained or incorporated by reference in
this report, before deciding to invest in our
securities.  The following factors affect our business,
our intellectual property, the industry in which we operate and our
securities.  The risks and uncertainties described below
are not the only ones we face.  Additional risks and
uncertainties not presently known or which we consider immaterial
as of the date hereof may also have an adverse effect on our
business.  If any of the matters discussed in the
following risk factors were to occur, our business, financial
condition, results of operations, cash flows or prospects could be
materially adversely affected, the market price of our securities
could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment in
our securities. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

Our business to date has been almost entirely dependent on the
success of Tcelna, which recently failed to show a treatment effect
in the Phase IIb clinical trial known as the Abili-T study. As we
continue to analyze the data from the Abili-T study and conduct a
review of strategic alternatives, we may decide not to continue
development of Tcelna or our other programs. 

On October 28,
2016, we announced that the Phase IIb Abili-T clinical trial
designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of Tcelna
(imilecleucel-T) in patients with SPMS did not meet its primary
endpoint of reduction in brain volume change (atrophy), nor did it
meet the secondary endpoint of reduction of the rate of sustained
disease progression. We had previously devoted substantially all of
our research, development, clinical efforts and financial resources
toward the development of Tcelna. We implemented a reduction in
workforce of 40% of our then 20 full-time employees, announced on
November 2, 2016, while we reevaluate our programs and various
strategic alternatives in light of the disappointing Abili-T study
data. We anticipate further restructuring by the end of 2016 to
conserve cash resources. We are currently analyzing the complete
data set from the Abili-T trial. We are also conducting a review of
our other research and development programs, including our
preclinical program for OPX-212 in NMO, to assess the viability of
continuing to pursue one or more of these programs. Based on the
top-line results from the Abili-T trial, however, it is unlikely
that we will continue with development of
Tcelna.   

If we decide to continue one or more of our development programs,
we will be required to raise additional capital, and our ability to
obtain funding in light of the disappointing results from the
Abili-T study is likely to be challenging. If sufficient capital is
not available, we may not be able to continue our operations, which
may require us to suspend or terminate any ongoing development
activities, modify our business plan, curtail various aspects of
our operations, cease operations or seek relief under applicable
bankruptcy laws. 

As of
September 30, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $5.8
million as well as accounts payable and accrued expenses
aggregating $2.1 million.  Our operating cash burn rate
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately
$765,000 per month. Additionally, costs associated with completing
the Abili-T trial and implementing restructuring of our work force
may result in an increase in the monthly operating cash burn during
the remainder of 2016. 

We
implemented a reduction in workforce of 40% of our then 20
full-time employees, announced on November 2, 2016, while we
reevaluate our programs and various strategic alternatives in light
of the disappointing Abili-T study data. We anticipate further
restructuring by the end of 2016 to conserve cash resources. We
believe that we have sufficient liquidity to support our current
activities in winding down the Abili-T trial and for general
operations to sustain the Company and support such activities into
the first quarter of 2017. However, if our projections prove to be
inaccurate, or if we encounter additional costs to wind down the
trial or to sustain our operations, or if we incur other costs such
as those associated with pursuing further research and development,
we would need to raise additional capital to continue our
operations. 

If we decide to
continue the development of any program, we expect to continue to
incur significant expenses and increasing losses for at least the
next several years. We would need to raise additional capital in
order to conduct additional clinical trials of Tcelna or any other
product candidates. Given the disappointing results of our Abili-T
trial, we believe our ability to issue equity securities or obtain
debt financing in the future on favorable terms, or at all, has
been substantially impaired.   

We
continue to explore potential opportunities and alternatives to
obtain the additional resources that will be necessary to support
our ongoing operations through and beyond the next 12 months,
including raising additional capital through either private or
public equity or debt financing as well as using our ATM facility
and cutting expenses where possible. However, in light of the
Abili-T study results, there can be no assurance that we will be
able to secure additional funds or, if such funds are available,
that the terms or conditions would be acceptable to us. If we are
unable to obtain additional funding to support our current
activities and operations, we may not be able to continue our
operations as proposed, which may require us to suspend or
terminate any development activities, modify our business plan,
curtail various aspects of our operations, cease operations or seek
relief under applicable bankruptcy laws. In such event, our
shareholders may lose a substantial portion or even all of their
investment. 

18 

If the
disappointing results of the Abili-T study result in Merck Serono
not exercising its Option to acquire the exclusive, worldwide
(excluding Japan) license of our Tcelna program for MS, or if we
are not successful in attracting another partner, we may not be
able to complete development of or commercialize any product
candidate.   In such event, our ability to generate
revenues and achieve or sustain profitability would be
significantly hindered and we may not be able to continue
operations as proposed, requiring us to modify our business plan,
curtail various aspects of our operations or cease operations. In
such event, our shareholders may lose a substantial portion or even
all of their investment.   

We do
not maintain any external lines of credit or have any sources of
debt or equity capital committed for funding, other than our ATM
facility. Should we need any additional capital in the future
beyond these sources, management will be reliant upon  best
efforts  debt or equity financings. We can provide no
assurance that we will be successful in any funding
effort.  The timing and degree of any future capital
requirements will depend on many factors, including: 

our
ability to establish, enforce and maintain strategic arrangements
for research, development, clinical testing, manufacturing and
marketing; 

the
accuracy of the assumptions underlying our estimates for capital
needs; 

scientific progress
in our research and development programs; 

the
magnitude and scope of our research and development
programs; 

our
progress with preclinical development and clinical
trials; 

the
time and costs involved in obtaining regulatory
approvals; 

the
costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining,
defending and enforcing patent claims; and 

the
number and type of product candidates that we pursue. 

If we
raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, shareholders
may experience substantial dilution.  Debt financing, if
available, may involve restrictive covenants that may impede our
ability to operate our business. Any debt financing or additional
equity that we raise may contain terms that are not favorable to us
or our shareholders. There is no assurance that our capital raising
efforts will be able to attract the capital needed to execute on
our business plan and sustain our operations. 

There is substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going
concern, which may make it more difficult for us to raise
capital. 

Our
consolidated financial statements as of September 30, 2016 and for
the nine-month period then ended were prepared assuming that we
will continue as a going concern, meaning that we will continue in
operation for the foreseeable future and will be able to realize
assets and discharge liabilities in the ordinary course of
operations.  While we recognize revenue related to the
$5 million and $3 million payments from Merck received in
February 2013 and March 2015 in connection with the Option and
License Agreement and the Amendment over the exclusive option
period based on the expected completion term of the Abili-T
clinical trial, we do not currently generate any commercial
revenues resulting in cash receipts, nor do we expect to generate
revenues during the remainder of 2016 resulting in cash
receipts.  As of September 30, 2016, we had cash and cash
equivalents of $5.8 million as well as accounts payable and accrued
expenses aggregating $2.1 million.  Our cash burn
rate during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was
approximately $765,000 per month.  Additionally, costs
associated with completing the Abili-T trial and implementing
restructuring of our work force may result in an increase in the
monthly operating cash burn during the remainder of
2016. 

We
implemented a reduction in workforce of 40% of our then 20
full-time employees, announced on November 2, 2016, while we
reevaluate our programs and various strategic alternatives in light
of the disappointing Abili-T study data. We anticipate further
restructuring by the end of 2016 to conserve cash resources. We
anticipate further restructuring by the end of 2016 to conserve
cash resources. We believe that we have sufficient liquidity to
support our current activities in winding down the Abili-T trial
and for general operations to sustain the Company and support such
activities into the first quarter of 2017. 

We
continue to explore potential opportunities and alternatives to
obtain the additional resources that will be necessary to support
our ongoing operations through and beyond the next 12 months,
including raising additional capital through either private or
public equity or debt financing as well as using our ATM facility
and cutting expenses where possible. In the absence of significant
additional funding to support our operations, there is substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern.  Additionally, in light of the Abili-T study
results, there can be no assurance that we will be able to secure
additional funds, or if such funds are available, that the terms or
conditions would be acceptable to us. If we are unable to obtain
additional funding to support our current activities and
operations, we may not be able to continue our operations as
proposed, which may require us to suspend or terminate any
development activities, modify our business plan, curtail various
aspects of our operations, cease operations or seek relief under
applicable bankruptcy laws. In such event, our shareholders may
lose a substantial portion or even all of their
investment. 

19 

We have a history of operating losses and do not expect to be
profitable in the foreseeable future. 

We have
not generated any profits since our entry into the biotechnology
business and we have incurred significant operating
losses.  We expect to incur additional operating losses
for the foreseeable future. We have not received, and we do not
expect to receive for at least the next several years, any revenues
from the commercialization of any potential products. We do not
currently have any sources of revenues and may not have any in the
foreseeable future. 

Our business is at an early stage of development. To date, we have
devoted substantially all of our resources to research and
development efforts relating to Tcelna. 

Our business is at
an early stage of development. We do not have any products on the
market. We have only one product candidate, Tcelna, which has
progressed to the stage of being studied in human clinical trials
in the United States. To date, we have devoted substantially all of
our resources to research and development efforts relating to
Tcelna, including conducting clinical trials and developing
manufacturing capabilities, providing general and administrative
support for these operations and protecting our intellectual
property. The disappointing results of from our Abili-T trial have
resulted, at a minimum, in a development delay of at least a few
years. If we decide to continue the development of one or more of
our programs, we will need to commence and complete additional
clinical trials, manage clinical and manufacturing activities, and
obtain necessary regulatory approvals from the FDA in the United
States and from foreign regulatory authorities in other
jurisdictions. Additionally, our second pipeline candidate, OPX-212
is currently in preclinical development for the treatment of NMO.
Tcelna and any other potential products, including OPX-212, will
require regulatory approval prior to marketing in the United States
and other countries. Obtaining such approval requires significant
research and development and preclinical and clinical testing. We
may not be able to develop any products, obtain regulatory
approvals, continue clinical development of Tcelna should we decide
to pursue additional studies, enter clinical trials (or any
development activities) for any other product candidates (such as
OPX-212), or commercialize any products. Tcelna and any other
potential products (such as OPX-212) may prove to have undesirable
or unintended side effects or other characteristics adversely
affecting their safety, efficacy or cost-effectiveness that could
prevent or limit their use. Any product using any of our technology
may fail to provide the intended therapeutic benefits or to achieve
therapeutic benefits equal to or better than the standard of
treatment at the time of testing or
production.   

We have provided Merck Serono with the Option, which provides Merck
Serono with the opportunity, if exercised, to control the
development and commercialization of Tcelna in MS. 

In
February 2013, we granted the Option to Merck Serono. The Option
permits Merck Serono to acquire an exclusive, worldwide (excluding
Japan) license of our Tcelna program for the treatment of MS. The
Option may be exercised by Merck Serono prior to or upon completion
of our ongoing Phase IIb trial of Tcelna in patients with SPMS. If
Merck Serono exercises the Option despite the disappointing results
of the Abili-T study, Merck Serono would be solely responsible for
funding development, regulatory and commercialization activities
for Tcelna in MS, although we would retain an option to co-fund
certain development in exchange for increased royalty rates. We
would also retain rights to Tcelna in Japan, certain rights with
respect to the manufacture of Tcelna, and rights outside of
MS.  In consideration for the Option, we received an
upfront payment of $5 million and may be eligible to receive an
option exercise fee as well as milestone and royalty payments based
on achievement of development and commercialization milestones. The
rights we have relinquished to our product candidate Tcelna,
including development and commercialization rights, may harm our
ability to generate revenues and achieve or sustain profitability.
On March 9, 2015, we entered into the Merck Serono Amendment
pursuant to which we agreed to perform additional development
activities in preparation for a potential Phase III trial and to
share with Merck Serono certain information from our immune
monitoring program in consideration for payment by Merck Serono of
$3 million. 

If
Merck Serono exercises the Option despite the disappointing results
of the Abili-T study, we would become reliant on Merck
Serono s resources and efforts with respect to Tcelna in MS,
including the pace at which it moves forward with commencement of
any future clinical studies.  In such an event, Merck
Serono may fail to develop or effectively commercialize Tcelna for
a variety of reasons, including that Merck Serono: 

does
not have sufficient resources or decides not to devote the
necessary resources due to internal constraints such as limited
cash or human resources; 

decides
to pursue a competitive potential product; 

cannot
obtain the necessary regulatory approvals; 

determines that the
market opportunity is not attractive; or 

cannot
manufacture or obtain the necessary materials in sufficient
quantities from multiple sources or at a reasonable
cost. 

20 

If the
disappointing results of the Abili-T study result in Merck Serono
not exercising its Option, we may be unable to enter into a
collaboration with any other potential partner on acceptable terms,
if at all. We face competition in our search for partners from
other organizations worldwide, many of whom are larger and are able
to offer more attractive deals in terms of financial commitments,
contribution of human resources, or development, manufacturing,
regulatory or commercial expertise and support. 

If
Merck Serono does not exercise the Option, and we are not
successful in attracting another partner and entering into
collaboration on acceptable terms, we may not be able to complete
development of or commercialize any product candidate, including
Tcelna. In such event, our ability to generate revenues and achieve
or sustain profitability would be significantly hindered and we may
not be able to continue operations as proposed, requiring us to
modify our business plan, curtail various aspects of our operations
or cease operations. 

Our Abili-T results cast doubt about the probative value of our
results in earlier clinical trials of Tcelna. 

Trial
designs and results from previous trials are not necessarily
predictive of our future clinical trial designs or results. For
example, although the results of prior clinical trials of Tcelna
for the treatment of MS included evidence of efficacy, the Abili-T
trial for the treatment of patients with SPMS failed to meet either
its primary or secondary endpoints. 

There
is a high failure rate for drug candidates proceeding through
clinical trials. Data obtained from preclinical and clinical
activities are subject to varying interpretations, which may delay,
limit or prevent regulatory approval. In addition, regulatory
delays or rejections may be encountered as a result of many
factors, including changes in regulatory policy during the period
of product development. 

We will need regulatory approvals for any product candidate,
including Tcelna, prior to introduction to the market, which will
require successful testing in clinical trials.  Clinical
trials are subject to extensive regulatory requirements, and are
very expensive, time-consuming and difficult to design and
implement.  Any product candidate, such as Tcelna, may
fail to achieve necessary safety and efficacy endpoints during
clinical trials in which case we will be unable to generate revenue
from the commercialization and sale of our products. 

Human
clinical trials are very expensive and difficult to design and
implement, in part because they are subject to rigorous FDA
requirements, and must otherwise comply with federal, state and
local requirements and policies of the medical institutions where
they are conducted. The clinical trial process is also
time-consuming. Failure can occur at any stage of the trials, and
problems could be encountered that would cause us to be unable to
initiate a trial, or to abandon or repeat a clinical
trial. 

The
commencement and completion of clinical trials may be delayed or
prevented by several factors, including: 

FDA or
IRB objection to proposed protocols; 

discussions or
disagreement with the FDA over the adequacy of trial design to
potentially demonstrate effectiveness, and subsequent design
modifications; 

unforeseen safety
issues; 

determination of
dosing issues, epitope profiles, and related
adjustments; 

lack of
effectiveness during clinical trials; 

slower
than expected rates of patient recruitment; 

product
quality problems (e.g., sterility or purity); 

challenges to
patient monitoring, retention and data collection during or after
treatment (e.g., patients  failure to return for follow-up
visits or to complete the trial, detection of epitope profiles in
subsequent visits, etc.); and 

failure
of medical investigators to follow our clinical
protocols. 

In
addition, we or the FDA (based on its authority over clinical
studies) may delay a proposed investigation or suspend clinical
trials in progress at any time if it appears that the study may
pose significant risks to the study participants or other serious
deficiencies are identified.  Prior to approval of any
product candidate, the FDA must determine that the data demonstrate
safety and effectiveness.  The large majority of drug
candidates that begin human clinical trials fail to demonstrate the
desired safety and efficacy characteristics. 

Furthermore,
changes in regulatory requirements and guidance may occur and we
may need to amend clinical trial protocols, or otherwise modify our
intended course of clinical development, to reflect these
changes.  This, too, may impact the costs, timing or
successful completion of a clinical trial.  In light of
widely publicized events concerning the safety risk of certain drug
products, regulatory authorities, members of Congress, the U.S.
Government Accountability Office, medical professionals and the
general public have raised concerns about potential drug safety
issues. These events have resulted in the withdrawal of drug
products, revisions to drug labeling that further limit use of the
drug products, and establishment of risk management programs that
may, for instance, restrict distribution of drug products. The
increased attention to drug safety issues may result in a more
cautious approach by the FDA to clinical trials. Data from clinical
trials may receive greater scrutiny with respect to safety, which
may make the FDA or other regulatory authorities more likely to
terminate clinical trials before completion or require longer or
additional clinical trials that may result in substantial
additional expense and a delay or failure in obtaining approval or
approval for a more limited indication than originally
sought. 

21 

Even if
regulatory approval is obtained for any product candidate, any such
approval may be subject to limitations on the indicated uses for
which it may be marketed. Our ability to generate revenues from the
commercialization and sale of any potential products, whether
directly or through any development arrangement (such as where
Merck Serono exercises the Option despite the disappointing results
of the Abili-T study), will be limited by any failure to obtain or
limitation on necessary regulatory approvals. 

If
Merck Serono exercises the Option despite the disappointing results
of the Abili-T study, Merck Serono would be solely responsible for
funding development, regulatory and commercialization activities
for Tcelna in MS, although we would retain an option to co-fund
certain development in exchange for increased royalty
rates. 

As a result of the Abili-T data and the reductions in our workforce
in March 2016 and November 2016, we may not be successful in
retaining key employees. If we are unable to retain our management,
scientific staff and scientific advisors our business will be
seriously jeopardized. 

On
November 2, 2016, we announced a reduction of 40% of our then
full-time workforce of 20 employees as a result of the
disappointing data from the Abili-T study. We anticipate further
restructuring by the end of 2016 to conserve cash resources.
Additionally, our Chief Development Officer resigned effective
November 4, 2016. Our cash conservation activities may yield
unintended consequences, such as attrition beyond our planned
reductions in workforce and reduced employee morale which may cause
our remaining employees to seek alternate employment. Our business
strategy is dependent upon the skills and knowledge of a small
management team. If any critical employee leaves, we may be unable
on a timely basis to hire suitable replacements to operate our
business effectively. We also operate with a very small number of
employees and thus have little or no backup capability for their
activities. The loss of the services of any member of our
management team or the loss of just a few other employees could
have a material adverse effect on our business and results of
operations.  Our restructuring initiatives may cause
disruption to our business operations, and we may not be able to
effectively realize the savings anticipated by any restructuring
initiative and reduction-in-force.  Additionally, there
may be future changes in our workforce, including as a result of
changes that may occur in our operations or operating plan, or
other reasons or events.  There may also be possible
changes in the amount of charges and cash payments associated with
any workforce reduction, including the possibility that we may
incur unanticipated charges or make cash payments that are not
contemplated. 

Funding from our ATM facility may be limited or be insufficient to
fund our operations or to implement our strategy. 

We will
need to keep current our shelf registration statement and the
offering prospectus relating to ATM facility with Brinson Patrick
(now a division of IFS Securities, Inc.) in order to use the
program to sell shares of our common stock. The number of shares
and price at which we may be able to sell shares under our ATM
facility may be limited due to market conditions and other factors
beyond our control. 

We may make changes to discretionary R D investments that may
have an impact on costs. 

We
conducted an immune monitoring program on blood samples collected
over time to detect Tcelna-induced immune modulation. While certain
data has been analyzed to date, a correlation analysis of immune
monitoring T-cell phenotypes to MRTC bio-activity has not been
conducted. Expenses associated with the immune monitoring program
are incurred at our discretion and are not required to satisfy any
FDA-mandated criteria. Consequently, we may make changes to the
parameters that are being analyzed, or we may elect not to proceed
with certain analyses, and these changes may result in either
increased or decreased expenses for the study. 

We may
also incur discretionary expenses related to preclinical, Phase I,
Phase II and/or Phase III development programs, manufacturing
scale-up/automation and technology transfer, research on additional
indications and business development activities. There is no
assurance that any such future expenses would be recovered by
us. 

22 

We will rely on third parties to conduct our clinical trials and
perform data collection and analysis, which may result in costs and
delays that may hamper our ability to successfully develop and
commercialize any product candidate. 

Although we have
participated in the design and management of our past clinical
trials, we do not have the ability to conduct clinical trials
directly for any product candidate. We will need to rely on
contract research organizations, medical institutions, clinical
investigators and contract laboratories to conduct our clinical
trials and to perform data collection and analysis. 

Our
clinical trials may be delayed, suspended or terminated
if: 

any
third party upon whom we rely does not successfully carry out its
contractual duties or regulatory obligations or meet expected
deadlines; 

licenses needed
from third parties for manufacturing in order to conduct Phase III
trials or to conduct commercial manufacturing, if applicable, are
not obtained; 

any
such third party needs to be replaced; or 

the
quality or accuracy of the data obtained by the third party is
compromised due to its failure to adhere to clinical protocols or
regulatory requirements or for other reasons. 

Failure to perform
by any third party upon whom we rely may increase our development
costs, delay our ability to obtain regulatory approval and prevent
the commercialization of any product candidate.  While we
believe that there are numerous alternative sources to provide
these services, we might not be able to enter into replacement
arrangements without delays or additional expenditures if we were
to seek such alternative sources.   

If we fail to identify and license or acquire other product
candidates, we will not be able to expand our business over the
long term. 

We have
focused on MS as the first disease to be pursued off our T-cell
platform technology, and in 2014, we initiated development
activities for OPX-212, our drug candidate for NMO, as the second
disease we are pursuing. As a platform technology, there exists the
potential to address other autoimmune diseases with the technology.
While preclinical development and manufacturing activities have
been conducted for OPX-212 in NMO, such work is modest compared to
the effort that has been committed to Tcelna for the lead MS
indication. However, inasmuch as the Abili-T study of Tcelna in
SPMS did not meet either its primary or secondary endpoints, we are
currently analyzing the complete data set from the Abili-T trial
and assessing whether to continue our development activities. Our
business over the long term is substantially dependent on our
ability to develop, license or acquire product candidates and
further develop them for commercialization. The success of this
strategy depends upon our ability to expand our existing platform
or identify, select and acquire the right product candidates. We
have limited experience identifying, negotiating and implementing
economically viable product candidate acquisitions or licenses,
which is a lengthy and complex process. Also, the market for
licensing and acquiring product candidates is intensely
competitive, and many of our competitors have greater resources
than we do. We may not have the requisite capital resources to
consummate product candidate acquisitions or licenses that we
identify to fulfill our strategy. 

Moreover, any
product candidate acquisition that we do complete will involve
numerous risks, including: 

difficulties in
integrating the development program for the acquired product
candidate into our existing operations; 

diversion
of financial and management resources from existing
operations; 

risks
of entering new potential markets or technologies; 

inability
to generate sufficient funding to offset acquisition costs;
and 

delays
that may result from our having to perform unanticipated
preclinical trials or other tests on the product
candidate. 

If we fail to meet our obligations under our license agreements, we
may lose our rights to key technologies on which our business
depends. 

Our
business depends on licenses from third parties. These third party
license agreements impose obligations on us, such as payment
obligations and obligations diligently to pursue development of
commercial products under the licensed patents. If applicable, we
may also need to seek additional licenses to move into Phase III
trials or the commercial stage of operations. These licenses may
require increased payments to the licensors. If a licensor believes
that we have failed to meet our obligations under a license
agreement, the licensor could seek to limit or terminate our
license rights, which could lead to costly and time-consuming
litigation and, potentially, a loss of the licensed rights. During
the period of any such litigation, our ability to carry out the
development and commercialization of potential products could be
significantly and negatively affected. If our license rights were
restricted or ultimately lost, our ability to continue our business
based on the affected technology platform could be adversely
affected. 

23 

Our research and manufacturing facility is not large enough to
manufacture product candidates for certain clinical trials or, if
such clinical trials are successful, commercial
applications. 

We
conduct our research and development in a 10,200 square foot
facility in The Woodlands, Texas, which includes an approximately
1,200 square foot suite of three rooms for the manufacture of
T-cell therapies. We believe our facility should have the capacity
to support full clinical development of Tcelna in North American
trials for SPMS, if further trials are warranted and/or pursued,
and, if applicable, a potential
Phase 1/2 proof-of-concept study of OPX-212 in NMO. It is
not sufficient, however, to support clinical trials outside North
America including Europe and Asia, if required, or the commercial
launch of any product candidate. In this case, we would need to
expand our manufacturing staff and facility, obtain a new facility,
contract with corporate collaborators or other third parties to
assist with future drug production and commercialization, or defer
to Merck Serono (in the event the Option is exercised despite the
disappointing results of the Abili-T study) to address
manufacturing requirements. 

In the
event that we decide to establish a commercial-scale manufacturing
facility, we will require substantial additional funds and will be
required to hire and train significant numbers of employees and
comply with applicable regulations, which are
extensive.  We do not have funds available for building a
manufacturing facility, and we may not be able to build a
manufacturing facility that both meets regulatory requirements and
is sufficient for our commercial-scale manufacturing. 

We may
arrange with third parties for the manufacture of our future
products, if any. However, our third-party sourcing strategy may
not result in a cost-effective means for manufacturing our future
products. If we employ third-party manufacturers, we will not
control many aspects of the manufacturing process, including
compliance by these third parties with cGMP and other regulatory
requirements. We further may not be able to obtain adequate
supplies from third-party manufacturers in a timely fashion for
development or commercialization purposes, and commercial
quantities of products may not be available from contract
manufacturers at acceptable costs. 

Problems with our
manufacturing process or with a manufacturing facility (whether
ours or a third party s) could result in the failure to
produce, or a delay in producing, adequate supplies of a product
candidate such as Tcelna. A number of factors could cause
interruptions or delays, including equipment malfunctions or
failures, destruction or damage to a manufacturing facility due to
natural disasters or otherwise, contamination of materials, changes
in regulatory requirements or standards that require modifications
to our manufacturing process, action by a regulatory agency or by a
manufacturer (whether us or a third party) that results in the
halting or slowdown of production due to regulatory issues, any
third-party manufacturer going out of business or failing to
produce as contractually required, or other similar
factors. 

Difficulties,
delays or interruptions in the manufacture and supply of a product
candidate such as Tcelna could require us to stop treating patients
in our clinical development of such product candidate and/or
require a halt to or suspension of, or otherwise adversely affect,
a clinical trial, thus increasing our costs and damaging our
reputation. If a product candidate such as Tcelna is approved,
difficulties, delays or interruptions in the manufacture and supply
of such product candidate could cause a delay in or even halt or
suspend the commercialization of such product candidate,
potentially causing a partial or complete loss of revenue or market
share. 

Tcelna is manufactured using our proprietary ImmPath 
technology for the production of an autologous T-cell immunotherapy
utilizing a patient s own blood.  Our manufacturing
process may raise development issues that may not be resolvable,
regulatory issues that could delay or prevent approval, or
personnel issues that may prevent the further development or
commercialization, if approved, of any product
candidate.. 

Tcelna
is based on our novel T-cell immunotherapy platform, ImmPath, which
produces an autologous T-cell immunotherapy utilizing a
patient s own blood. OPX-212 is expected to be similarly
produced.  The manufacture of living T-cell products
requires specialized facilities, equipment and personnel which are
different than the resources required for manufacturing chemical or
biologic compounds.  Scaling-out the manufacture of
living cell products to meet demands for commercialization will
require substantial amounts of such specialized facilities,
equipment and personnel, especially where the products are
personalized and must be made for each patient
individually.  Because our manufacturing processes are
complex, require facilities and personnel that are not widely
available in the industry, involve equipment and training with long
lead times, and the establishment of new manufacturing facilities
is subject to a potentially lengthy regulatory approval process,
alternative qualified production capacity may not be available on a
timely basis or on reasonably terms, if at all.  In
addition, not many consultants or advisors in the industry have
relevant experience and can provide guidance or assistance because
active immune therapies are fundamentally a new category of product
in two major ways:  (i) the product consists of living
T-cells, not chemical or biologic compounds; and (ii) the product
is personalized.  There can be no assurance that
manufacturing problems will not arise in the future which we may
not be able to resolve or which may cause significant delays in
development or, if any product candidate is approved,
commercialization. 

24 

Regulatory approval
of product candidates that are manufactured using novel
manufacturing processes such as ours can be more expensive and take
longer than other, more well-known or extensively studied
pharmaceutical or biopharmaceutical products, due to a lack of
experience with them.  FDA approval of personalized
immunotherapy products has been limited to date.  This
lack of experience and precedent may lengthen the regulatory review
process, require that additional studies or clinical trials be
conducted, increase development costs, lead to changes in
regulatory positions and interpretations, delay or prevent approval
and commercialization, or lead to significant post-approval
limitations or restrictions. 

In
addition, the novel nature of product candidates also means that
fewer people are trained in or experienced with product candidates
of this type, which may make it difficult to find, hire and retain
capable personnel for research, development and manufacturing
positions. 

If any product we may eventually have is not accepted by the market
or if users of any such product are unable to obtain adequate
coverage of and reimbursement for such product from government and
other third-party payors, our revenues and profitability will
suffer. 

Our
ability to successfully commercialize any product we may eventually
have, to the extent applicable, and/or our ability to receive any
revenue will depend in significant part on the extent to which
appropriate coverage of and reimbursement for such product and any
related treatments are obtained from governmental authorities,
private health insurers and other organizations, such as health
maintenance organizations, or HMOs.  Third-party payors
are increasingly challenging the prices charged for medical
products and services.  We cannot provide any assurances
that third-party payors will consider any product cost-effective or
provide coverage of and reimbursement for such product, in whole or
in part. 

Uncertainty exists
as to the coverage and reimbursement status of newly approved
medical products and services and newly approved indications for
existing products.  Third-party payors may conclude that
any product is less safe, less clinically effective, or less
cost-effective than existing products, and third-party payors may
not approve such product for coverage and
reimbursement.  If adequate coverage of and reimbursement
for any product from third-party payors cannot be obtained,
physicians may limit how much or under what circumstances they will
prescribe or administer them.  Such reduction or
limitation in the use of any such product would cause sales to
suffer.  Even if third-party payors make reimbursement
available, payment levels may not be sufficient to make the sale of
any such product profitable. 

In
addition, the trend towards managed health care in the United
States and the concurrent growth of organizations such as HMOs,
which could control or significantly influence the purchase of
medical services and products, may result in inadequate coverage of
and reimbursement for any product we may eventually
have.  Many third-party payors, including in particular
HMOs, are pursuing various ways to reduce pharmaceutical costs,
including, for instance, the use of formularies.  The
market for any product depends on access to such formularies, which
are lists of medications for which third-party payors provide
reimbursement.  These formularies are increasingly
restricted, and pharmaceutical companies face significant
competition in their efforts to place their products on formularies
of HMOs and other third-party payors.  This increased
competition has led to a downward pricing pressure in the
industry.  The cost containment measures that third-party
payors are instituting could have a material adverse effect on our
ability to operate profitably. 

Any product candidate, if approved for sale, may not gain
acceptance among physicians, patients and the medical community,
thereby limiting our potential to generate revenues. 

Even if
a product candidate is approved for commercial sale by the FDA or
other regulatory authorities, the degree of market acceptance of
any approved product candidate by physicians, healthcare
professionals and third-party payors, and our profitability and
growth, will depend on a number of factors, including: 

demonstration
of efficacy; 

relative
convenience and ease of administration; 

the
prevalence and severity of any adverse side effects; 

availability
and cost of alternative treatments, including cheaper generic
drugs; 

pricing
and cost effectiveness, which may be subject to regulatory
control; 

effectiveness
of sales and marketing strategies for the product and competition
for such product; 

the
product labeling or product insert required by the FDA or
regulatory authority in other countries; and 

the
availability of adequate third-party insurance coverage or
reimbursement. 

If any
product candidate does not provide a treatment regimen that is as
beneficial as the current standard of care or otherwise does not
provide patient benefit, that product candidate, if approved for
commercial sale by the FDA or other regulatory authorities, likely
will not achieve market acceptance and our ability to generate
revenues from that product candidate would be substantially
reduced. 

25 

We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, increased costs
and risks as a result of being a public company. 

As a
public company, we are required to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, or SOX, as well as rules and regulations implemented
by the SEC and The NASDAQ Stock Market (NASDAQ).  Changes
in the laws and regulations affecting public companies, including
the provisions of SOX and rules adopted by the SEC and by NASDAQ,
have resulted in, and will continue to result in, increased costs
to us as we respond to their requirements.  Given the
risks inherent in the design and operation of internal controls
over financial reporting, the effectiveness of our internal
controls over financial reporting is uncertain.  If our
internal controls are not designed or operating effectively, we may
not be able to conclude an evaluation of our internal control over
financial reporting as required or we or our independent registered
public accounting firm may determine that our internal control over
financial reporting was not effective.  In addition, our
registered public accounting firm may either disclaim an opinion as
it relates to management s assessment of the effectiveness of
our internal controls or may issue an adverse opinion on the
effectiveness of our internal controls over financial
reporting.  Investors may lose confidence in the
reliability of our financial statements, which could cause the
market price of our common stock to decline and which could affect
our ability to run our business as we otherwise would like
to.  New rules could also make it more difficult or more
costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including
directors  and officers  liability insurance, and we
may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur
substantially higher costs to obtain the coverage that is the same
or similar to our current coverage.  The impact of these
events could also make it more difficult for us to attract and
retain qualified persons to serve on our Board of Directors, our
Board committees and as executive officers.  We cannot
predict or estimate the total amount of the costs we may incur or
the timing of such costs to comply with these rules and
regulations. 

Under
the corporate governance standards of NASDAQ, a majority of our
Board of Directors and each member of our Audit and Compensation
Committees must be an independent director.  If any
vacancies on our Board or our Audit or Compensation Committees
occur that need to be filled by independent directors, we may
encounter difficulty in attracting qualified persons to serve on
our Board and, in particular, our Audit Committee.  If we
fail to attract and retain the required number of independent
directors, we may be subject to SEC enforcement proceedings and
delisting of our common stock from the NASDAQ Capital
Market. 

Any acquisitions that we make could disrupt our business and harm
our financial condition. 

We
expect to evaluate potential strategic acquisitions of
complementary businesses, products or technologies on a global
geographic footprint.  We may also consider joint
ventures, licensing and other collaborative projects.  We
may not be able to identify appropriate acquisition candidates or
strategic partners, or successfully negotiate, finance or integrate
acquisitions of any businesses, products or
technologies.  Furthermore, the integration of any
acquisition and management of any collaborative project may divert
our management s time and resources from our core business
and disrupt our operations.  We do not have any
experience with acquiring companies, or with acquiring products
outside of the United States.  Any cash acquisition we
pursue would potentially divert the cash we have on our balance
sheet from our present clinical development programs. Any stock
acquisitions would dilute our shareholders 
ownership.  While we from time to time evaluate potential
collaborative projects and acquisitions of businesses, products and
technologies, and anticipate continuing to make these evaluations,
we have no present commitments or agreements with respect to any
acquisitions or collaborative projects. 

We plan to do business internationally, which may prove to be
difficult and fraught with economic, regulatory and political
issues. 

We may
acquire or in-license foreign companies or technologies or
commercialize our T-cell or stem cell platform in countries where
the business, economic and political climates are very different
from those of the United States.  We may not be aware of
some of these issues and it may be difficult for a U.S. company to
overcome these issues and ultimately become
profitable.  Certain foreign countries may favor
businesses that are owned by nationals of those countries as
opposed to foreign-owned business operating locally.  As
a small company, we may not have the resources to engage in the
negotiation and time-consuming work needed to overcome some of
these potential issues. 

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 

Patents obtained by other persons may result in infringement claims
against us that are costly to defend and which may limit our
ability to use the disputed technologies and prevent us from
pursuing research and development or commercialization of potential
products, such as Tcelna. 

If
third party patents or patent applications contain claims infringed
by either our licensed technology or other technology required to
make or use our potential products, such as Tcelna, and such claims
are ultimately determined to be valid, there can be no assurance
that we would be able to obtain licenses to these patents at a
reasonable cost, if at all, or be able to develop or obtain
alternative technology.  If we are unable to obtain such
licenses at a reasonable cost, we (or, in the event the Option is
exercised despite the disappointing results of the Abili-T study,
Merck Serono with respect to Tcelna) may not be able to develop any
affected product candidate commercially.  There can be no
assurance that we will not be obliged to defend ourselves (or, in
the event the Option is exercised despite the disappointing results
of the Abili-T study, Merck Serono with respect to Tcelna) in court
against allegations of infringement of third party
patents.  Patent litigation is very expensive and could
consume substantial resources and create significant
uncertainties.  An adverse outcome in such a suit could
subject us to significant liabilities to third parties, require
disputed rights to be licensed from third parties, or require us to
cease using such technology. 

26 

If
we are unable to obtain patent protection and other proprietary
rights, our operations will be significantly
harmed.  

Our
ability to compete effectively is dependent upon obtaining patent
protection relating to our technologies.  The patent
positions of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, including
ours, are uncertain and involve complex and evolving legal and
factual questions.  The coverage sought in a patent
application can be denied or significantly reduced before or after
the patent is issued.  Consequently, we do not know
whether pending patent applications for our technology will result
in the issuance of patents, or if any issued patents will provide
significant protection or commercial advantage or will be
circumvented by others.  Since patent applications are
secret until the applications are published (usually 18 months
after the earliest effective filing date), and since publication of
discoveries in the scientific or patent literature often lags
behind actual discoveries, we cannot be certain that the inventors
of our owned or licensed intellectual property rights were the
first to make the inventions at issue or that any patent
applications at issue were the first to be filed for such
inventions.  There can be no assurance that patents will
issue from pending patent applications or, if issued, that such
patents will be of commercial benefit to us, afford us adequate
protection from competing products, or not be challenged or
declared invalid. 

Issued
U.S. patents require the payment of maintenance fees to continue to
be in force.  We rely on a third party payor to do this
and their failure to do so could result in the forfeiture of
patents not timely maintained.  Many foreign patent
offices also require the payment of periodic annuities to keep
patents and patent applications in good standing.  As we
may not maintain direct control over the payment of all such
annuities, we cannot assure you that our third party payor will
timely pay such annuities and that the granted patents and pending
patent applications will not become abandoned.  In
addition, we or our licensors may have selected a limited amount of
foreign patent protection, and therefore applications have not been
filed in, and foreign patents may not have been perfected in, all
commercially significant countries. 

The
patent protection of product candidates, such as Tcelna, involves
complex legal and factual questions.  To the extent that
it would be necessary or advantageous for any of our licensors to
cooperate or lead in the enforcement of our licensed intellectual
property rights, we cannot control the amount or timing of
resources such licensors devote on our behalf or the priority they
place on enforcing such rights.  We may not be able to
protect our intellectual property rights against third party
infringement, which may be difficult to
detect.  Additionally, challenges may be made to the
ownership of our intellectual property rights, our ability to
enforce them, or our underlying licenses. 

We
cannot be certain that any of the patents issued to us or to our
licensors will provide adequate protection from competing
products.  Our success will depend, in part, on whether
we or our licensors can: 

obtain
and maintain patents to protect our product candidates such as
Tcelna; 

obtain
and maintain any required or desirable licenses to use certain
technologies of third parties, which may be protected by
patents; 

protect
our trade secrets and know-how; 

operate
without infringing the intellectual property and proprietary rights
of others; 

enforce
the issued patents under which we hold rights; and 

develop
additional proprietary technologies that are
patentable. 

The
degree of future protection for our proprietary rights (owned or
licensed) is uncertain.  For example: 

we or
our licensor might not have been the first to make the inventions
covered by pending patent applications or issued patents owned by,
or licensed to, us; 

we or
our licensor might not have been the first to file patent
applications for these inventions; 

others
may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or
duplicate any of the technologies owned by, or licensed to,
us; 

it is
possible that none of the pending patent applications owned by, or
licensed to, us will result in issued patents; 

any
patents under which we hold rights may not provide us with a basis
for commercially viable products, may not provide us with any
competitive advantages or may be challenged by third parties as
invalid, or unenforceable under U.S. or foreign laws;
or 

any of
the issued patents under which we hold rights may not be valid or
enforceable or may be circumvented successfully in light of the
continuing evolution of domestic and foreign patent
laws. 

27 

Confidentiality
agreements with employees and others may not adequately prevent
disclosure of our trade secrets and other proprietary information
and may not adequately protect our intellectual property, which
could limit our ability to compete.  

We rely
in part on trade secret protection in order to protect our
proprietary trade secrets and unpatented
know-how.  However, trade secrets are difficult to
protect, and we cannot be certain that others will not develop the
same or similar technologies on their own.  We have taken
steps, including entering into confidentiality agreements with our
employees, consultants, outside scientific collaborators and other
advisors, to protect our trade secrets and unpatented
know-how.  These agreements generally require that the
other party keep confidential and not disclose to third parties all
confidential information developed by the party or made known to
the party by us during the course of the party s relationship
with us.  We also typically obtain agreements from these
parties which provide that inventions conceived by the party in the
course of rendering services to us will be our exclusive
property.  However, these agreements may not be honored
and may not effectively assign intellectual property rights to
us.  Further, we have limited control, if any, over the
protection of trade secrets developed by our
licensors.  Enforcing a claim that a party illegally
obtained and is using our trade secrets or know-how is difficult,
expensive and time consuming, and the outcome is
unpredictable.  In addition, courts outside the United
States may be less willing to protect trade secrets or
know-how.  The failure to obtain or maintain trade secret
protection could adversely affect our competitive
position. 

A dispute concerning the infringement or misappropriation of our
proprietary rights or the proprietary rights of others could be
time consuming and costly, and an unfavorable outcome could harm
our business. 

A
number of pharmaceutical, biotechnology and other companies,
universities and research institutions have filed patent
applications or have been issued patents relating to cell therapy,
T-cells, and other technologies potentially relevant to or required
by our product candidates such as Tcelna.  We cannot
predict which, if any, of such applications will issue as patents
or the claims that might be allowed.  We are aware of a
number of patent applications and patents claiming use of modified
cells to treat disease, disorder or injury. 

There
is significant litigation in our industry regarding patent and
other intellectual property rights.  While we are not
currently subject to any pending intellectual property litigation,
and are not aware of any such threatened litigation, we may be
exposed to future litigation by third parties based on claims that
our product candidates, such as Tcelna, or their methods of use,
manufacturing or other technologies or activities infringe the
intellectual property rights of such third parties.  If
our product candidates, such as Tcelna, or their methods of
manufacture are found to infringe any such patents, we may have to
pay significant damages or seek licenses under such
patents.  We have not conducted comprehensive searches of
patents issued to third parties relating to Tcelna or
OPX-212.  Consequently, no assurance can be given that
third-party patents containing claims covering Tcelna or OPX-212,
their methods of use or manufacture do not exist or have not been
filed and will not be issued in the future.  Because some
patent applications in the United States may be maintained in
secrecy until the patents are issued, and because patent
applications in the United States and many foreign jurisdictions
are typically not published until 18 months after filing, we cannot
be certain that others have not filed patent applications that will
mature into issued patents that relate to our current or future
product candidates that could have a material effect in developing
and commercializing one or more of our product
candidates.  A patent holder could prevent us from
importing, making, using or selling the patented
compounds.  We may need to resort to litigation to
enforce our intellectual property rights or to determine the scope
and validity of third-party proprietary
rights.  Similarly, we may be subject to claims that we
have inappropriately used or disclosed trade secrets or other
proprietary information of third parties.  If we become
involved in litigation, it could consume a substantial portion of
our managerial and financial resources, regardless of whether we
win or lose.  Some of our competitors may be able to
sustain the costs of complex intellectual property litigation more
effectively than we can because they have substantially greater
resources.  We may not be able to afford the costs of
litigation.  Any legal action against us or our
collaborators could lead to: 

payment
of actual damages, royalties, lost profits, potentially treble
damages and attorneys  fees, if we are found to have
willfully infringed a third party s patent
rights; 

injunctive or other
equitable relief that may effectively block our ability to further
develop, commercialize and sell our products; 

we or
our collaborators having to enter into license arrangements that
may not be available on commercially acceptable terms if at all;
or 

significant cost
and expense, as well as distraction of our management from our
business. 

As a
result, we could be prevented from commercializing current or
future product candidates. 

28 

Risks Related to Our Industry 

We are subject to stringent regulation of our product candidates,
which could delay development and commercialization. 

We, our
third-party contractors, suppliers and partners (such as Merck
Serono, in the event the Option is exercised despite the
disappointing results of the Abili-T study, with respect to
Tcelna), and our product candidates are subject to stringent
regulation by the FDA and other regulatory agencies in the United
States and by comparable authorities in other
countries.  None of our product candidates can be
marketed in the United States until it has been approved by the
FDA.  No product candidate of ours has been approved, and
we may never receive FDA approval for any product
candidate.  Obtaining FDA approval typically takes many
years and requires substantial resources.  Even if
regulatory approval is obtained, the FDA may impose significant
restrictions on the indicated uses, conditions for use and labeling
of such products. Additionally, the FDA may require post-approval
studies, including additional research and development and clinical
trials. These regulatory requirements may limit the size of the
market for the product or result in the incurrence of additional
costs.  Any delay or failure in obtaining required
approvals could substantially reduce our ability to generate
revenues. 

In
addition, both before and after regulatory approval, we, our
partners and our product candidates are subject to numerous FDA
requirements covering, among other things, testing, manufacturing,
quality control, labeling, advertising, promotion, distribution and
export. The FDA s requirements may change and additional
government regulations may be promulgated that could affect us, our
partners and our product candidates.  Given the number of
recent high profile adverse safety events with certain drug
products, the FDA may require, as a condition of approval, costly
risk management programs, which may include safety surveillance,
restricted distribution and use, patient education, enhanced
labeling, special packaging or labeling, expedited reporting of
certain adverse events, preapproval of promotional materials and
restrictions on direct-to-consumer advertising. Furthermore,
heightened Congressional scrutiny on the adequacy of the
FDA s drug approval process and the agency s efforts to
assure the safety of marketed drugs resulted in the enactment of
legislation addressing drug safety issues, the FDA Amendments Act
of 2007.  This legislation provides the FDA with expanded
authority over drug products after approval and the FDA s
exercise of this authority could result in delays or increased
costs during the period of product development, clinical trials and
regulatory review and approval, and increased costs to assure
compliance with new post-approval regulatory requirements. We
cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government
regulation that may arise from this or future legislation or
administrative action, either in the United States or
abroad. 

In
order to market any of our products outside of the United States,
we and our strategic partners and licensees must establish and
comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of other
countries regarding safety and efficacy. Approval procedures vary
among countries and can involve additional product testing and
additional administrative review periods and the time required to
obtain approval in other countries might differ from that required
to obtain FDA approval.  The regulatory approval process
in other countries may include all of the risks detailed above
regarding FDA approval in the United States.  Approval by
the FDA does not automatically lead to the approval of authorities
outside of the United States and, similarly, approval by other
regulatory authorities outside the United States will not
automatically lead to FDA approval.  In addition,
regulatory approval in one country does not ensure regulatory
approval in another, but a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory
approval in one country may negatively impact the regulatory
process in others.  Our product candidates may not be
approved for all indications that we request, which would limit
uses and adversely impact our potential royalties and product
sales. Such approval may be subject to limitations on the indicated
uses for which any potential product may be marketed or require
costly, post-marketing follow-up studies. 

If we
fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements in the
United States and other countries, among other things, we may be
subject to fines and other civil penalties, delays in approving or
failure to approve a product, suspension or withdrawal of
regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products,
operating restrictions, interruption of manufacturing or clinical
trials, injunctions and criminal prosecution, any of which would
harm our business. 

We may need to change our business practices to comply with health
care fraud and abuse regulations, and our failure to comply with
such laws could adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

If
Merck Serono exercises the Option despite the disappointing results
of the Abili-T study, Merck Serono would be solely responsible for
funding further development, regulatory and commercialization
activities for Tcelna in MS, although we would retain an option to
co-fund certain development in exchange for increased royalty
rates.  Otherwise, if we are successful in achieving
approval to market one or more of our product candidates, our
operations will be directly, or indirectly through our customers,
subject to various state and federal fraud and abuse laws,
including, without limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute
and False Claims Act. These laws may impact, among other things,
our proposed sales, marketing, and education programs. 

29 

The
federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits persons from knowingly and
willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing
remuneration, directly or indirectly, in exchange for or to induce
either the referral of an individual, or the furnishing or
arranging for a good or service, for which payment may be made
under a federal healthcare program such as the Medicare and
Medicaid programs. Several courts have interpreted the
statute s intent requirement to mean that if any one purpose
of an arrangement involving remuneration is to induce referrals of
federal healthcare covered business, the statute has been
violated.  The Anti-Kickback Statute is broad and
prohibits many arrangements and practices that are lawful in
businesses outside of the healthcare industry. Recognizing that the
Anti-Kickback Statute is broad and may technically prohibit many
innocuous or beneficial arrangements, Congress authorized the
Department of Health and Human Services, Office of Inspector
General, or OIG, to issue a series of regulations, known as the
 safe harbors.  These safe harbors set forth provisions
that, if all their applicable requirements are met, will assure
healthcare providers and other parties that they will not be
prosecuted under the Anti-Kickback Statute. The failure of a
transaction or arrangement to fit precisely within one or more safe
harbors does not necessarily mean that it is illegal or that
prosecution will be pursued.  However, conduct and
business arrangements that do not fully satisfy each applicable
safe harbor may result in increased scrutiny by government
enforcement authorities such as the OIG.  Penalties for
violations of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute include criminal
penalties and civil sanctions such as fines, imprisonment and
possible exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid and other federal
healthcare programs. Many states have also adopted laws similar to
the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, some of which apply to the
referral of patients for healthcare items or services reimbursed by
any source, not only the Medicare and Medicaid
programs. 

The
federal False Claims Act prohibits persons from knowingly filing or
causing to be filed a false claim to, or the knowing use of false
statements to obtain payment from, the federal government. Suits
filed under the False Claims Act, known as  qui tam 
actions, can be brought by any individual on behalf of the
government and such individuals, sometimes known as
 relators  or, more commonly, as
 whistleblowers,  may share in any amounts paid by the
entity to the government in fines or settlement. The frequency of
filing of qui tam actions has increased significantly in recent
years, causing greater numbers of healthcare companies to have to
defend a False Claims Act action.  When an entity is
determined to have violated the federal False Claims Act, it may be
required to pay up to three times the actual damages sustained by
the government, plus civil penalties. Various states have also
enacted laws modeled after the federal False Claims
Act. 

In
addition to the laws described above, the Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 created two new federal
crimes: healthcare fraud and false statements relating to
healthcare matters.  The healthcare fraud statute
prohibits knowingly and willfully executing a scheme to defraud any
healthcare benefit program, including private payors.  A
violation of this statute is a felony and may result in fines,
imprisonment or exclusion from government sponsored programs. The
false statements statute prohibits knowingly and willfully
falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any
materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection
with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or
services.  A violation of this statute is a felony and
may result in fines or imprisonment. 

Beginning August 1,
2013, the Physician Payments Sunshine Act (the  Sunshine
Act ), which is part of the Patient Protection and Affordable
Care Act, requires manufacturers of drugs, medical devices,
biologicals or medical supplies that participate in U.S. federal
health care programs to track and then report certain payments and
items of value given to U.S. physicians and U.S. teaching hospitals
(defined as  Covered Recipients ).  The
Sunshine Act requires that manufacturers collect this information
on a yearly basis and then report it to Centers for Medicare  
Medicaid Services by the 90th day of each subsequent
year. 

If our
operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws
described above and other applicable state and federal fraud and
abuse laws, we may be subject to penalties, including civil and
criminal penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from government
healthcare programs, and the curtailment or restructuring of our
operations. 

If our competitors develop and market products that are more
effective than our product candidates, they may reduce or eliminate
our commercial opportunities. 

Competition in the
pharmaceutical industry, particularly the market for MS products,
is intense, and we expect such competition to continue to
increase.  We face competition from pharmaceutical and
biotechnology companies, as well as numerous academic and research
institutions and governmental agencies, in the United States and
abroad.  Our competitors have products that have been
approved or are in advanced development and may succeed in
developing drugs that are more effective, safer and more affordable
or more easily administered than ours, or that achieve patent
protection or commercialization sooner than our
products.  Our most significant competitors are fully
integrated pharmaceutical companies and more established
biotechnology companies.  These companies have
significantly greater capital resources and expertise in research
and development, manufacturing, testing, obtaining regulatory
approvals, and marketing than we currently do.  However,
smaller companies also may prove to be significant competitors,
particularly through proprietary research discoveries and
collaboration arrangements with large pharmaceutical and
established biotechnology companies.  In addition to the
competitors with existing products that have been approved, many of
our competitors are further along in the process of product
development and also operate large, company-funded research and
development programs.  As a result, our competitors may
develop more competitive or affordable products, or achieve earlier
patent protection or further product commercialization than we are
able to achieve. Competitive products may render any products or
product candidates that we develop obsolete. 

30 

Our
competitors may also develop alternative therapies that could
further limit the market for any products that we may
develop. 

Rapid technological change could make our products
obsolete. 

Biopharmaceutical
technologies have undergone rapid and significant change, and we
expect that they will continue to do so.  As a result,
there is significant risk that our product candidates may be
rendered obsolete or uneconomical by new discoveries before we
recover any expenses incurred in connection with their development.
If our product candidates are rendered obsolete by advancements in
biopharmaceutical technologies, our future prospects will
suffer. 

Consumers may sue us for product liability, which could result in
substantial liabilities that exceed our available resources and
damage our reputation. 

Developing and
commercializing drug products entails significant product liability
risks. Liability claims may arise from our and our
collaborators  use of products in clinical trials and the
commercial sale of those products. 

In the
event that any of our product candidates becomes an approved
product and is commercialized, consumers may make product liability
claims directly against us and/or our partners (such as Merck
Serono, in the event the Option is exercised despite the
disappointing results of the Abili-T study, with respect to
Tcelna), and our partners or others selling these products may seek
contribution from us if they incur any loss or expenses related to
such claims. We have insurance that covers clinical trial
activities. We believe our insurance coverage as of the date hereof
is reasonably adequate at this time.  However, we will
need to increase and expand this coverage as we commence additional
clinical trials, as well as larger scale trials, and if any product
candidate is approved for commercial sale. This insurance may be
prohibitively expensive or may not fully cover our potential
liabilities. Our inability to obtain sufficient insurance coverage
at an acceptable cost or otherwise to protect against potential
product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the regulatory
approval or commercialization of products that we or one of our
collaborators develop.  Product liability claims could
have a material adverse effect on our business and results of
operations.  Liability from such claims could exceed our
total assets if we do not prevail in any lawsuit brought by a third
party alleging that an injury was caused by one or more of our
products. 

Government controls and health care reform measures could adversely
affect our business. 

The
business and financial condition of pharmaceutical and
biotechnology companies are affected by the efforts of governmental
and third-party payors to contain or reduce the costs of health
care.  In the United States and in foreign jurisdictions,
there have been, and we expect that there will continue to be, a
number of legislative and regulatory proposals aimed at changing
the health care system.  For example, in some foreign
countries, particularly in Europe, the pricing of prescription
pharmaceuticals is subject to governmental control. In these
countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can
take considerable time after the receipt of marketing approval for
a product candidate. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval in
some countries, we may be required to conduct additional clinical
trials that compare the cost-effectiveness of any product candidate
to other available therapies. If reimbursement of any product
candidate is unavailable or limited in scope or amount in a
particular country, or if pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels,
we may be unable to achieve or sustain profitability in such
country.  In the United States, the Medicare Prescription
Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 (MMA) changed the
way Medicare covers and pays for pharmaceutical products. The
legislation established Medicare Part D, which expanded Medicare
coverage for outpatient prescription drug purchases by the elderly
but provided authority for limiting the number of drugs that will
be covered in any therapeutic class. The MMA also introduced a new
reimbursement methodology based on average sales prices for
physician-administered drugs. Any negotiated prices for any product
candidate covered by a Part D prescription drug plan will likely be
lower than the prices that might otherwise be obtained outside of
the Medicare Part D prescription drug plan. Moreover, while
Medicare Part D applies only to drug benefits for Medicare
beneficiaries, private payors often follow Medicare coverage policy
and payment limitations in setting their own payment rates. Any
reduction in payment under Medicare Part D may result in a similar
reduction in payments from non-governmental payors. 

The
United States and several other jurisdictions are considering, or
have already enacted, a number of legislative and regulatory
proposals to change the healthcare system in ways that could affect
our ability to sell any product candidate. Among policy-makers and
payors in the United States and elsewhere, there is significant
interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems with the stated
goals of containing healthcare costs, improving quality and/or
expanding access to healthcare. In the United States, the
pharmaceutical industry has been a particular focus of these
efforts and has been significantly affected by major legislative
initiatives. There have been, and likely will continue to be,
legislative and regulatory proposals at the federal and state
levels directed at broadening the availability of healthcare and
containing or lowering the cost of healthcare. We cannot predict
the initiatives that may be adopted in the future. The continuing
efforts of the government, insurance companies, managed care
organizations and other payors of healthcare services to contain or
reduce costs of healthcare may adversely affect: the demand for any
product candidate; the ability to set a price that we believe is
fair for any product candidate; our ability to generate revenues
and achieve or maintain profitability; the level of taxes that we
are required to pay; and the availability of capital. 

31 

In
March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as
amended by the Health Care and Education Affordability
Reconciliation Act (collectively, the ACA), became law in the
United States. The goal of the ACA is to reduce the cost of
healthcare and substantially change the way healthcare is financed
by both governmental and private insurers. The ACA may result in
downward pressure on pharmaceutical reimbursement, which could
negatively affect market acceptance of any product candidate.
Provisions of the ACA relevant to the pharmaceutical industry
include the following: an annual, nondeductible fee on any entity
that manufactures or imports certain branded prescription drugs and
biologic agents, apportioned among these entities according to
their market share in certain government healthcare programs; an
increase in the rebates a manufacturer must pay under the Medicaid
Drug Rebate Program to 23.1% and 13% of the average manufacturer
price for branded and generic drugs, respectively; a new Medicare
Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must
agree to offer 50% point-of-sale discounts on negotiated prices of
applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their
coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer s
outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D; extension of
manufacturers  Medicaid rebate liability to covered drugs
dispensed to individuals who are enrolled in Medicaid managed care
organizations; expansion of eligibility criteria for Medicaid
programs by, among other things, allowing states to offer Medicaid
coverage to additional individuals and by adding new mandatory
eligibility categories for certain individuals with income at or
below 133% of the Federal Poverty Level beginning in 2014, thereby
potentially increasing manufacturers  Medicaid rebate
liability; expansion of the entities eligible for discounts under
the Public Health Service pharmaceutical pricing program; new
requirements under the federal Open Payments program and its
implementing regulations; and expansion of healthcare fraud and
abuse laws, including the federal False Claims Act and the federal
Anti-Kickback Statute, new government investigative powers and
enhanced penalties for noncompliance.  In addition, other
legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the ACA
was enacted. These changes include aggregate reductions to Medicare
payments to providers of up to 2% per fiscal year, which went into
effect in April 2013. In January 2013, President Obama signed into
law the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, which, among other
things, reduced Medicare payments to several types of providers,
and increased the statute of limitations period for the government
to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years.
These laws may result in additional reductions in Medicare and
other healthcare funding. 

Another
example of reform that could affect our business is drug
reimportation into the United States (i.e., the reimportation of
approved drugs originally manufactured in the United States back
into the United States from other countries where the drugs were
sold at lower prices).  Initiatives in this regard could
decrease the price we or any potential collaborators receive for
our product candidates if they are ever approved for sale,
adversely affecting our future revenue growth and potential
profitability.  Moreover, the pendency or approval of
such proposals could result in a decrease in our stock price or
adversely affect our ability to raise capital or to obtain
strategic partnerships or licenses. 

Risks Related to Our Securities 

There is currently a limited market for our securities, and any
trading market that exists in our securities may be highly illiquid
and may not reflect the underlying value of our net assets or
business prospects. 

Although our common
stock is traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market, there is currently a
limited market for our securities and there can be no assurance
that an active market will ever develop.  Investors are
cautioned not to rely on the possibility that an active trading
market may develop. 

Our stock may be delisted from NASDAQ, which could affect its
market price and liquidity. 

We are
required to meet certain qualitative and financial tests (including
a minimum bid price for our common stock of $1.00 per share and a
minimum stockholders  equity of $2.5 million), as well as
certain corporate governance standards, to maintain the listing of
our common stock on the NASDAQ Capital Market.  In the
past we have received staff deficiency letters from NASDAQ but we
are currently compliant with NASDAQ listing
requirements. 

While
we are exercising diligent efforts to maintain the listing of our
common stock on NASDAQ, there can be no assurance that we will be
able to maintain compliance with the minimum bid price,
stockholder s equity or other listing standards in the
future.  For example, as a consequence of our
announcement on October 28, 2016 that the Abili-T trial did not
meet either its primary or secondary endpoints, our stock has
traded below $1.00 per share. If our stock price does not increase
in the future, we may receive a notice from NASDAQ that we have
failed to meet its requirements, and proceedings to delist our
stock could be commenced. In such event, NASDAQ rules permit us to
appeal any delisting determination to a NASDAQ Hearings
Panel.  If we are unable to maintain or regain compliance
in a timely manner and our common stock is delisted, it could be
more difficult to buy or sell our common stock and obtain accurate
quotations, and the price of our stock could suffer a material
decline.  Delisting may also impair our ability to raise
capital. 

32 

Our share price is volatile, and you may not be able to resell our
shares at a profit or at all. 

The
market prices for securities of biopharmaceutical and biotechnology
companies, and early-stage drug discovery and development companies
like us in particular, have historically been highly volatile and
may continue to be highly volatile in the future.  The
following factors, in addition to other risk factors described in
this section, may have a significant impact on the market price of
our common stock: 

the
disappointing results recently announced on October 28, 2016 for
the Abili-T clinical study of Tcelna in SPMS; 

announcements of
significant changes in our business or operations, including the
decision not to pursue one or more of our drug development programs
or the decision to implement restructurings such as reductions in
our workforce; 

the
development status of any drug candidates, such as Tcelna,
including clinical study results and determinations by regulatory
authorities with respect thereto; 

the
initiation, termination, or reduction in the scope of any
collaboration arrangements (such as developments involving Merck
Serono and the Option, including a decision by Merck Serono to
exercise or not exercise the Option) or any disputes or
developments regarding such collaborations; 

our
inability to obtain additional funding; 

announcements of
technological innovations, new commercial products or other
material events by our competitors or us; 

disputes or other
developments concerning our proprietary rights; 

changes
in, or failure to meet, securities analysts  or
investors  expectations of our financial
performance; 

additions or
departures of key personnel; 

discussions of our
business, products, financial performance, prospects or stock price
by the financial and scientific press and online investor
communities; 

public
concern as to, and legislative action with respect to, the pricing
and availability of prescription drugs or the safety of drugs and
drug delivery techniques; 

regulatory
developments in the United States and in foreign countries;
or 

dilutive effects of
sales of shares of common stock by us or our shareholders, and
sales of common stock acquired upon exercise or conversion by the
holders of warrants, options or convertible notes. 

Broad
market and industry factors, as well as economic and political
factors, also may materially adversely affect the market price of
our common stock. 

We may be or become the target of securities litigation, which is
costly and time-consuming to defend. 

In the
past, following periods of market volatility in the price of a
company s securities or the reporting of unfavorable news,
security holders have often instituted class action
litigation.  This risk is especially relevant for us
because biotechnology companies have experienced significant stock
price volatility in recent years. Moreover, following the
announcement on October 28, 2016 of disappointing results for the
Abili-T study, our stock price decreased substantially, which may
portend securities class action litigation against us. If we become
involved in this type of litigation, regardless of the outcome, we
could incur substantial legal costs and our management s
attention could be diverted from the operation of our business,
causing our business to suffer. 

Our  blank check  preferred stock could be issued to
prevent a business combination not desired by management or our
majority shareholders. 

Our
charter authorizes the issuance of  blank check 
preferred stock with such designations, rights and preferences as
may be determined by our Board of Directors without shareholder
approval.  Our preferred stock could be utilized as a
method of discouraging, delaying, or preventing a change in our
control and as a method of preventing shareholders from receiving a
premium for their shares in connection with a change of
control. 

Future sales of our securities could cause dilution, and the sale
of such securities, or the perception that such sales may occur,
could cause the price of our stock to fall. 

On
March 25, 2016, we entered into a new Sales Agreement with IFS
Securities, Inc. (doing business as Brinson Patrick, a division of
IFS Securities, Inc.) as sales agent, pursuant to which we can
offer and sell shares of our common stock from time to time
depending upon market demand, in transactions deemed to be an
 at the market  offering.  We registered up
to 1,000,000 shares of common stock for potential sale under the
new ATM facility. From August 17 through September 13, 2016, we
sold an aggregate of 66,184 shares of our common stock under our
ATM facility. We generated gross and net proceeds, including
amortization of deferred offering costs, of $293,345 and $276,912,
respectively, with the average share price ranging from $4.12 to
$4.73 per share.    We will need to keep
current our shelf registration statement and the offering
prospectus relating to the ATM facility in order to use the program
to sell shares of common stock in the future. 

33 

From
March 5, 2014 through December 31, 2015, we generated gross and net
proceeds including amortization of deferred financing costs of
$1,397,902 and $1,335,001, respectively, on sales of an aggregate
254,308 shares of our common stock under our prior at-the-market
facility.  In April 2015, we raised $13,804,140 in gross
proceeds, before expenses, through subscriptions for 3,137,305
units in a Rights Offering to holders of our common stock and
holders of our outstanding Series L warrants who were entitled to
participate. Each unit was composed of common stock and a Series M
warrant to purchase additional common stock. The Rights Offering
was completed on April 9, 2015. We issued an aggregate of 3,137,305
shares of common stock and Series M warrants to purchase a like
number of shares. Net proceeds, after deduction of fees and
expenses, including dealer-manager fees, were $12.1 million. On
September 1, 2015, we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with
certain purchasers party thereto pursuant to which we sold in
tranche one of a private placement 113,636 shares of common stock
for a per share purchase price of $4.40 and issued Series N
warrants to purchase a like number of shares, for a total purchase
price of $499,999.  We also agreed to sell and the
purchasers agreed to purchase up to an additional aggregate of $4.5
million of common stock in four additional tranches upon our
achievement of certain milestones to further the clinical
development of OPX-212.  We also granted the purchasers
certain registration rights with respect to the securities sold in
the September 1, 2015 private placement
transaction.  This Stock Purchase Agreement was amended
on March 14, 2016 to extend by six months the timeframes for
achieving the milestones relating to funding under subsequent
tranches and to extend by six months the expiration date for the
Series N warrants issued to the purchasers. In addition to certain
other termination rights as provided in the Stock Purchase
Agreement, either we or the purchasers may unilaterally terminate
the then remaining obligations to sell and purchase shares under
one or more additional tranches upon notice if a substantially
equivalent Phase 1/2 clinical trial is initiated by a third
party and such clinical trial is supported by the National
Institutes of Health or its affiliated agencies or
designees.  Additionally, any then remaining obligations
we may have to sell, and of the purchasers to purchase, shares
under one or more additional tranches are automatically terminated
if the next potential issuance would entail an amount which, when
aggregated with all prior issuances to the purchasers under the
agreement plus the shares of common stock issued or issuable under
the warrant, would exceed 1,328,020 shares of our common stock,
subject to adjustment. 

Sales
of additional shares of our common stock, as well as securities
convertible into or exercisable for common stock, could result in
substantial dilution to our shareholders and cause the market price
of our common stock to decline.  An aggregate of
7,141,054 shares of common stock were outstanding as of September
30, 2016.  As of such date, another (i) 670,653 shares of
common stock were issuable upon exercise of outstanding options and
(ii) 3,596,630 shares of common stock were issuable upon the
exercise of outstanding warrants.  A substantial majority
of the outstanding shares of our common stock and warrants (as well
as a substantial majority of the shares of common stock issuable
upon exercise of outstanding options and warrants) are freely
tradable without restriction or further registration under the
Securities Act of 1933. 

We may
sell additional shares of common stock, as well as securities
convertible into or exercisable for common stock, in subsequent
public or private offerings. We may also issue additional shares of
common stock, as well as securities convertible into or exercisable
for common stock, to finance future acquisitions.  We may
need to raise additional capital in order to initiate or complete
additional development activities for Tcelna in MS and for OPX-212
in NMO, or to pursue additional disease indications for our T-cell
technology, and this may require us to issue a substantial amount
of securities (including common stock as well as securities
convertible into or exercisable for common stock).  There
can be no assurance that our capital raising efforts will be able
to attract the capital needed to execute on our business plan and
sustain our operations. Moreover, we cannot predict the size of
future issuances of our common stock, as well as securities
convertible into or exercisable for common stock, or the effect, if
any, that future issuances and sales of our securities will have on
the market price of our common stock.  Sales of
substantial amounts of our common stock, as well as securities
convertible into or exercisable for common stock, including shares
issued in connection with an acquisition or securing funds to
complete our clinical trial plans, or the perception that such
sales could occur, may result in substantial dilution and may
adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common
stock. 

We presently do not intend to pay cash dividends on our common
stock. 

We
currently anticipate that no cash dividends will be paid on the
common stock in the foreseeable future.  While our
dividend policy will be based on the operating results and capital
needs of the business, it is anticipated that all earnings, if any,
will be retained to finance the future expansion of our
business. 

34 

Our shareholders may experience substantial dilution in the value
of their investment if we issue additional shares of our capital
stock. 

Our
charter allows us to issue up to 150,000,000 shares of our
common stock and to issue and designate the rights of, without
shareholder approval, up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred
stock.  In order to raise additional capital, we may in
the future offer additional shares of our common stock or other
securities convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock at
prices that may not be the same as the price per share paid by
other investors, and dilution to our shareholders could
result.  We may sell shares or other securities in any
other offering at a price per share that is less than the price per
share paid by investors, and investors purchasing shares or other
securities in the future could have rights superior to existing
shareholders.  The price per share at which we sell
additional shares of our common stock, or securities convertible or
exchangeable into common stock, in future transactions may be
higher or lower than the price per share paid by other
investors. 

We may issue debt and equity securities or securities convertible
into equity securities, any of which may be senior to our common
stock as to distributions and in liquidation, which could
negatively affect the value of our common stock. 

In the
future, we may attempt to increase our capital resources by
entering into debt or debt-like financing that is unsecured or
secured by up to all of our assets, or by issuing additional debt
or equity securities, which could include issuances of secured or
unsecured commercial paper, medium-term notes, senior notes,
subordinated notes, guarantees, preferred stock, hybrid securities,
or securities convertible into or exchangeable for equity
securities.  In the event of our liquidation, our lenders
and holders of our debt and preferred securities would receive
distributions of our available assets before distributions to the
holders of our common stock.  Because our decision to
incur debt and issue securities in future offerings may be
influenced by market conditions and other factors beyond our
control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature
of our future offerings or debt financings.  Further,
market conditions could require us to accept less favorable terms
for the issuance of our securities in the future. 

Our management has significant flexibility in using our current
available cash. 

In
addition to general corporate purposes (including working capital,
research and development, business development and operational
purposes), we currently intend to use our available cash to
continue analyzing the complete data set from the Abili-T trial,
assessing whether to continue the development of Tcelna for SPMS
and/or other potential indications, and conducting a review of our
other research and development programs, including our preclinical
program for OPX-212 in NMO, to assess the viability of continuing
to pursue one or more of these programs. We cannot predict our
future cash needs until we complete this analysis. Based on the
top-line results from the Abili-T trial, however, it is unlikely
that we will continue with development of Tcelna 

Depending on future
developments and circumstances, we may use some of our available
cash for other purposes which may have the potential to decrease
our cash runway.  Notwithstanding our current intentions
regarding use of our available cash, our management will have
significant flexibility with respect to such use.  The
actual amounts and timing of expenditures will vary significantly
depending on a number of factors, including the amount and timing
of cash used in our operations and our research and development
efforts.  Management s failure to use these funds
effectively would have an adverse effect on the value of our common
stock and could make it more difficult and costly to raise funds in
the future. 

An active trading market may never develop for the Series M
warrants issued in the Rights Offering, which may limit the ability
to resell the warrants. 

There
is no established trading market for the Series M warrants we
issued in April 2015 pursuant to the Rights
Offering.  While the warrants have been listed for
trading on NASDAQ under the symbol  OPXAW,  there can
be no assurance that that a market will develop for the
warrants.  Even if a market for the warrants does develop, the
price of the warrants may fluctuate and liquidity may be limited.
If a market for the warrants does not develop, then holders of the
warrants may be unable to resell the warrants or be able to sell
them only at an unfavorable price.  Future trading prices
of the warrants will depend on many factors, including our
operating performance and financial condition, our ability to
continue the effectiveness of the registration statement covering
the warrants and the common stock issuable upon exercise of the
warrants, the interest of securities dealers in making a market and
the market for similar securities. 

35 

The market price of our common stock may not exceed the exercise
price of the Series M warrants issued in connection with the Rights
Offering. 

The
Series M warrants issued in April 2015 in connection with the
Rights Offering will expire on April 9, 2018.  The
warrants entitle the holders to purchase shares of common stock at
an exercise price of $12.00 per share from July 1, 2016 through
their expiration three years from the date of
issuance.  There can be no assurance that the market
price of our common stock will exceed the exercise price of the
warrants at any or all times prior to their expiration. Any
warrants not exercised by their expiration date will expire
worthless and we will be under no further obligation to the warrant
holder. 

The Series M warrants issued in connection with the Rights Offering
may be redeemed on short notice. This may have an adverse impact on
their price. 

We may
redeem the Series M warrants issued in the Rights Offering for
$0.01 per warrant once the closing price of our common stock has
equaled or exceeded $20.00 per share, subject to adjustment, for 10
consecutive trading days.  If we give notice of
redemption, holders will be forced to sell or exercise their
warrants or accept the redemption price.  The notice of
redemption could come at a time when it is not advisable or
possible to exercise the warrants.  As a result, holders
would be unable to benefit from owning the warrants being
redeemed. 

Our ability to use net operating loss carryovers to reduce future
tax payments may be limited. 

As of
December 31, 2015, we had net operating loss carryforwards (NOLs)
for federal income tax purposes of approximately $70 million. These
NOLs are generally carried forward to reduce taxable income in
future years.  If unused, the NOLs will begin to expire
December 31, 2025.  However, our ability to utilize the
NOLs is subject to the rules under Section 382 of the Internal
Revenue code. 

In
general, under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended, a corporation that undergoes an  ownership
change  is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize
its pre-change net operating losses ( NOLs ), to offset
future taxable income. In general, an ownership change occurs if
the aggregate stock ownership of certain stockholders (generally 5%
shareholders, applying certain look-through and aggregation rules)
increases by more than 50 percentage points over such stockholders'
lowest percentage ownership during the testing period (generally
three years).  In the event of an ownership change,
Section 382 imposes an annual limitation on the amount of taxable
income a corporation may offset with NOL carryforwards. This annual
limitation is generally equal to the product of the value of our
stock on the date of the ownership change, multiplied by the
long-term tax-exempt rate published monthly by the Internal Revenue
Service. Any unused annual limitation may be carried over to later
years until the applicable expiration date for the respective NOL
carryforwards. 

The
rules of Section 382 are complex and subject to varying
interpretations. As a result of our numerous capital raises, which
have included the issuance of various classes of convertible
securities and warrants, uncertainty exists as to whether we may
have undergone an ownership change in the past or will undergo one
as a result of the recently completed Rights Offering. Even if the
Rights Offering does not cause an ownership change, it may increase
the likelihood that we may undergo an ownership change in the
future. Based on our recent stock prices, we believe any ownership
change would severely limit our ability to utilize the NOLs.
Limitations imposed on our ability to utilize NOL carryforward
amounts could cause U.S. federal income taxes to be paid earlier
than if such limitations were not in effect and could cause such
NOL carryforward amounts to expire unused, in each case reducing or
eliminating the expected benefit to us. Furthermore, we may not be
able to generate sufficient taxable income to utilize our NOL
carryforward amounts before they expire. If any of these events
occur, we may not derive some or all of the benefits from our NOL
carryforward amounts.  Presently, impairment tests have
not been conducted to verify NOL
preservation.  Accordingly, no assurance can be given
that our NOLs will be fully available. 

Employment agreements with of our officers may require us to pay
severance benefits to such persons if terminated under specified
circumstances, including in connection with a change of control of
us, which could harm our financial condition or
results. 

Our
officers are parties to employment agreements that contain change
of control and severance provisions providing for severance and
other benefits, including accelerated vesting of stock options, in
the event of a termination of employment under specified
circumstances, including in connection with a change of control of
us. The accelerated vesting of options could result in dilution to
our existing stockholders and harm the market price of our common
stock. The payment of severance benefits could harm our financial
condition and results of operation. In addition, these potential
severance payments and benefits may discourage or prevent third
parties from seeking a business combination with us. 

Item
6. 

Exhibits 

Exhibit 
 No. 

Description 

31.1* 

Certification of
Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002. 

32.1* 

Certification of
Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002. 

101* 

Financial
statements from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company
for the period ended September 30, 2016, formatted in Extensible
Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) Consolidated Balance
Sheets; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations;
(iii) Consolidated Statements of Changes in
Stockholders  Equity; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash
Flows; and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

_______________ 

*  

  Filed
herewith. 

36 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant
has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

OPEXA
THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

Date:
November 14, 2016  

By: 

/s/  Neil
K.
Warma         

Neil K.
Warma 

President, Chief
Executive Officer and Acting Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial and Principal
Accounting Officer) 

37 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 
 No. 

Description 

31.1* 

Certification of
Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002. 

32.1* 

Certification of
Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002. 

101* 

Financial
statements from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company
for the period ended September 30, 2016, formatted in Extensible
Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) Consolidated Balance
Sheets; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations;
(iii) Consolidated Statements of Changes in
Stockholders  Equity; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash
Flows; and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

_____________ 

*  

  Filed
herewith. 

38 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 opxa_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLY ACT OF 2002

Untitled Document 

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 

I, Neil
K. Warma, certify that: 

1. 

  I have reviewed
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Opexa Therapeutics,
Inc.; 

2. 

  Based on my
knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. 

  Based on my
knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
this report; 

4. 

  The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a. 

  Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

b. 

  Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c. 

  Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d. 

  Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

  The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and
the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 

  All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to
record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b. 

  Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who
have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date:
November 14, 2016  

By: 

/s/  Neil
K.
Warma         

Neil K.
Warma 

President, Chief
Executive Officer and Acting Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting
Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 opxa_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 18 U.S.C. PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Untitled Document 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Opexa Therapeutics, Inc.
(the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending
September 30, 2016 (the  Report ), as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Neil K.
Warma, President, Chief Executive Officer and Acting Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

1. 

  The Report fully
complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 

  The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company 

Date:
November 14, 2016  

By: 

/s/  Neil
K.
Warma         

Neil K.
Warma 

President, Chief
Executive Officer and Acting Chief 

Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial
and 

Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 opxa-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 opxa-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 opxa-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 opxa-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 opxa-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 opxa-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

