<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1651987_0001571049-16-019709_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5244596</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>93215</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>252244</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1393286</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2309803</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1072181</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>74</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001571049-16-019709.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110093850
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001571049-16-019709
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Central Federal Bancshares, Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001651987
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				474884908
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55553
		FILM NUMBER:		161986261

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		210 WEST 10TH STREET
		CITY:			ROLLA
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			65401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(573) 364-1024

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		210 WEST 10TH STREET
		CITY:			ROLLA
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			65401

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001571049-16-019709.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 t1602617_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended
September 30, 2016 

OR  

For the transition period from
_______________ to _______________ 

Commission File No. 000-55553  

Central
Federal Bancshares, Inc.    

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

(573) 364-1024   

 (Registrant s telephone number) 

N/A   

 (Former name or former address, if changed
since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
requirements for the past 90 days. 

 YES  x      NO

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). 

 YES  x      NO

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (Check one) 

Large accelerated filer     
       
     Accelerated filer      
 
     Non-accelerated filer     
       
     Smaller reporting company  x   
 
     (Do not check if smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 YES         NO
 x  

As of November 9, 2016, there were 1,788,020 shares
of common stock outstanding. 

Central Federal Bancshares, Inc.  

Form 10-Q  

Index  

Page    

Part I. Financial Information   

Item 1.  
       
      Financial Statements  
       
     3  

Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (unaudited)  
       
     3  

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three Months Ended and Nine Months Ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  
       
     4  

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Three Months Ended and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  (unaudited)   
       
     5  

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  
       
     6  

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  
       
     7  

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)  
       
     8  

Item 2.  
       
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
       
     28  

Item 3.  
       
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
       
     40  

Item 4.  
       
      Controls and Procedures  
       
     40  

Part II. Other Information   

Item 1.  
       
      Legal Proceedings  
       
     40  

Item 1A.  
       
      Risk Factors  
       
     40  

Item 2.  
       
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
       
     40  

Item 3.  
       
      Defaults upon Senior Securities  
       
     40  

Item 4.  
       
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
       
     40  

Item 5.  
       
      Other Information  
       
     40  

Item 6.  
       
      Exhibits  
       
     40  

Signature Page  
       
     41  

Table of Contents        

Part I.   Financial Information  

Item 1. Financial Statements  

central
federal bancshares, inc. 

 consolidated
statementS of financial condition 

See Accompanying Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements.  

Table of Contents        

central
federal bancshares, inc. 

 consolidated
statements of operations 

(1)  Basic and diluted earnings per share is N/A for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2015 as no shares were outstanding during these periods. 

See Accompanying Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements.  

Table of Contents        

CENTRAL
FEDERAL Bancshares, Inc. 

 consolidated
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

See Accompanying Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements.  

Table of Contents        

CENTRAL
FEDERAL Bancshares, Inc. 

 consolidated
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES in stockholders  EQUITY 

 FOR THE
NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015 (UNAUDITED) 

See Accompanying Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements.  

Table of Contents        

CENTRAL
FEDERAL Bancshares, Inc. 

 consolidated
statements of cash flows 

See Accompanying Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements.  

Table of Contents        

central
federal bancshares, inc. 

 notes to
CoNsolidated financial statements 

NOTE 1  
      SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

Nature of Operations  

 Central Federal Bancshares, Inc.
( Central Federal Bancshares  or the  Company ) is a holding company that owns 100% of Central Federal
Savings and Loan Association of Rolla ( Central Federal ). Central Federal is a community-oriented financial institution,
dedicated to serving the financial service needs of customers within its market area, which generally consists of Phelps County,
Missouri, although it also services customers in the contiguous Missouri counties of Dent, Texas, Crawford, Pulaski and Maries.
Central Federal offers a variety of loan and deposit products to meet the borrowing needs of its customers. Central Federal operates
out of its office in Rolla, Missouri. Central Federal is subject to regulation, examination, and supervision by the Office of the
Comptroller of the Currency, or OCC, its primary federal regulator, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or FDIC, its
deposit insurer. 

Stock Conversion   

 On August 4, 2015, the Board
of Directors of Central Federal adopted a Plan of Conversion, as subsequently amended, providing for Central Federal to convert
from a federally chartered mutual savings association into a federally chartered stock savings association and operate as a wholly-owned
subsidiary of a newly chartered savings and loan holding company.  On January 12, 2016, Central Federal completed the
conversion and now operates as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. In connection with the conversion, the Company sold 1,719,250
shares of common stock in a subscription offering at $10.00 per share, including the sale of 143,042 shares to the employee stock
ownership plan formed by Central Federal in connection with the conversion. In addition, the Company contributed an additional
68,770 shares of common stock and $100,000 in cash to the Central Federal Community Foundation, a charitable organization created
by the Company and Central Federal in connection with the conversion and the related stock offering. The costs of the conversion
and issuance of common stock was deferred and deducted from the proceeds of the offering. Central Federal incurred conversion costs
of $1,425,000. 

In accordance with applicable
federal conversion regulations, at the time of the completion of the conversion, Central Federal established a liquidation account
in an amount equal to Central Federal s total retained earnings as of the latest balance sheet date in the final prospectus
used in the conversion (which was June 30, 2015). Each eligible account holder or supplemental account holder is entitled
to a proportionate share of this liquidation account only in the event of a complete liquidation of Central Federal. This share
will be reduced if the eligible account holder s or supplemental account holder s deposit balance falls below the amounts
on the date of record as of any December 31 and will cease to exist if the account is closed. The liquidation account will
never be increased despite any increase after conversion in the related deposit balance. Central Federal may not pay dividends
if those dividends would reduce equity capital below the required liquidation account amount. 

Table of Contents        

central
federal bancshares, inc. 

 notes to
CoNsolidated financial statements 

NOTE 1  
      SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)   

Principles of Consolidation   

 On January 12, 2016, Central
Federal  completed its conversion  from the mutual to stock form of ownership and now operates
as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The conversion was accounted for as a change in corporate form with the historic base
of Central Federal s assets, liabilities and equity unchanged as a result. The unaudited consolidated financial statements
as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are for the Company and Central Federal. Intercompany transactions
and balances have been eliminated in the consolidation. The financial statements as of December 31, 2015 and the unaudited financial
statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 represent Central Federal only, as the conversion to stock form
had not yet occurred. 

Unaudited Interim Consolidated
Financial Statements   

 The interim consolidated financial
statements prepared by management as of September 30, 2016 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
contain all adjustments (consisting of only normal recurring accruals) necessary to present fairly the financial position at September
30, 2016, and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and are not necessarily
indicative of the results to be expected for the full year. These consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction
with the financial statements of Central Federal for the year ended December 31, 2015, contained in the 2015 Annual Report on Form
10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2016. 

Use of Estimates  

 The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP) requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period.
Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Material estimates that are particularly
susceptible to significant change in the near term include the determination of the allowance for loan losses, valuation of foreclosed
assets, valuation of deferred tax assets, and fair values of financial instruments. 

Table of Contents        

central
federal bancshares, inc. 

 notes to
CoNsolidated financial statements 

NOTE 1  
      SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)   

New Accounting Standards  

In June 2016, the FASB issued
ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. The ASU requires
an organization to measure all expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date based on historical experience,
current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Financial institutions and other organizations will now use forward-looking
information to better inform their credit loss estimates. Many of the loss estimation techniques applied today will still be permitted,
although the inputs to those techniques will change to reflect the full amount of expected credit losses. Additionally, the ASU
amends the accounting for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities and purchased financial assets with credit deterioration.
For the Company, this update will be effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2020. The Company has
not yet determined the impact the adoption of ASU 2016-13 will have on the consolidated financial statements. 

Reclassification  

 Certain amounts in the 2015
financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the 2016 presentation. 

Subsequent
Events  

 In preparing these financial
statements, the Company has evaluated events and transactions for potential recognition or disclosure through the date the financial
statements were available to be issued. 

Table of Contents        

central
federal bancshares, inc. 

 notes to
CoNsolidated financial statements 

note 2 
     LOSS per share  

Loss per share is based upon
the weighted-average shares outstanding. The shares outstanding were issued on January 12, 2016. The shares in the Company s
Employee Stock Ownership Plan, which have been committed to be released, are considered outstanding. 

note 3 
     Certificates of DEPOSIT IN OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS  

Certificates of deposit in other
financial institutions are as follows: 

Table of Contents        

central
federal bancshares, inc. 

 notes to
CoNsolidated financial statements 

note 4 
     sECURITIES  

The amortized cost and estimated
fair market value of investment securities classified as available-for-sale are summarized as follows: 

The amortized cost and fair value
of securities available-for-sale as of September 30, 2016 by contractual maturity are shown below. Maturities may differ from contractual
maturities in mortgage backed securities, because mortgages underlying the securities may be called or repaid without any penalties.
Therefore, these securities are segregated in the following maturity summary: 

There were no securities pledged
as collateral at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

During the nine-month periods
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company did not sell any securities. 

Table of Contents        

central
federal bancshares, inc. 

 notes to
CoNsolidated financial statements 

note 4 
     sECURITIES (CONTINUED)  

The following table shows securities
with gross unrealized losses at September 30, 2016, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities
have been in a continuous loss position. There were no securities in an unrealized loss position at December 31, 2015. 

There were no securities with
unrealized losses which management believes were other-than-temporarily impaired at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

note 5   
      LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES   

Loans are summarized as follows: 

Residential real estate loans
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 include loans secured by one-to-four family, non-owner occupied properties of $9,669,000
and $10,177,000, respectively. 

At September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, construction loans were $3,664,000 and $2,011,000, respectively. Loans in process at September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015 were $3,620,000 and $609,000, respectively. 

Table of Contents        

central
federal bancshares, inc. 

 notes to
CoNsolidated financial statements 

note 5   
       loans and allowance for
    loan losses (continued)    

The following presents, by portfolio
segment, the activity in the allowance for loan losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Table of Contents        

central
federal bancshares, inc. 

 notes to
CoNsolidated financial statements 

note 5   
       loans and allowance for loan losses
    (continued)    

The following presents, by portfolio
segment, the activity in the allowance for loan losses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Table of Contents        

central
federal bancshares, inc. 

 notes to
CoNsolidated financial statements 

NOTE 5  
      LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES (CONTINUED)   

The following
tables show the loans allocated by management s internal risk ratings: 

The following tables show the
aging analysis of the loan portfolio by time past due: 

Table of Contents        

central
federal bancshares, inc. 

 notes to
CoNsolidated financial statements 

NOTE 5  
      LOANS  and allowance for loan losses (continued)  

Interest income that would have
been recorded for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 had nonaccrual loans been current according to their original
terms amounted to $19,000 and $17,000, respectively. Interest income recognized on nonaccrual loans during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 amounted to $3,000 and $4,000, respectively. 

The following tables present
information related to impaired loans: 

Table of Contents        

central
federal bancshares, inc. 

 notes to
CoNsolidated financial statements 

NOTE 5  
      LOANS  and allowance for loan losses (continued)  

The Company does not have material
commitments to lend additional funds to borrowers with loans whose terms have been modified in troubled debt restructurings (TDRs)
or whose loans are on nonaccrual. 

There were no loan relationships
that were considered a TDR as of September 30, 2016. During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, one loan relationship, that was
considered a TDR, with a balance of $413,000 was paid off. 

Table of Contents        

central
federal bancshares, inc. 

 notes to
CoNsolidated financial statements 

Note 6 
     foreclosed assets  

Activity in foreclosed assets
is as follows: 

note 7 
     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS WITH OFF-BALANCE SHEET RISK  

In the normal course of business,
the Company has outstanding commitments and contingent liabilities, such as commitments to extend credit and standby letters of
credit, which are not included in the accompanying financial statements. Central Federal s exposure to credit loss in the
event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instruments for commitments to extend credit and standby letters of
credit is represented by the contractual or notional amount of those instruments. The Company uses the same credit policies in
making such commitments as it does for instruments that are included in the statement s  of
financial condition. 

The following financial instruments
whose contract amount represents credit risk were approximately as follows: 

Commitments to extend credit
are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments
generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments
are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements.
The Company evaluates each customer s creditworthiness on a case by case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed
necessary by the Company upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation. Collateral held varies but
may include accounts receivable, inventory, property and equipment, and income producing commercial properties. 

Table of Contents        

central
federal bancshares, inc. 

 notes to
CoNsolidated financial statements 

note 7 
     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS WITH OFF-BALANCE SHEET RISK (CONTINUED)  

Standby letters of credit are
conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Standby letters of credit
generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. The credit risk involved in
issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. The Company s
policy for obtaining collateral, and the nature of such collateral, is essentially the same as that involved in making commitments
to extend credit. 

Central Federal was not required
to perform on any financial guarantees and did not incur any losses on its commitments. 

note 8   
       income taxes    

In connection with the offering
of common stock, the Company contributed to the Central Federal Community Foundation $100,000 in cash and common stock with a fair
value of $687,700 (68,770 shares at the $10.00 offering price) for a total contribution of $787,700. For Federal income tax purposes,
the deduction for charitable contributions is limited to a maximum of 10% of taxable income before charitable contributions, net
operating losses and dividends received deductions. The Company is permitted, under the Internal Revenue Code, to carry the excess
contribution over the five-year period following the contribution to the charitable foundation, subject to the 10% annual limitation. 

The Company may not have sufficient
taxable income to be able to fully deduct the contribution in the year in which it is made or during the five-year carryover period
permitted under the Internal Revenue Code. The Company estimates it will not be able to fully utilize the carryover and, in the
first quarter of 2016, established a valuation allowance related to the entire deferred tax asset related to the contribution as
it is not deemed to be realizable. As of September 30, 2016, the deferred tax asset related to the contribution that is not deemed
to be realized is $304,000. 

note 9 
     REGULATORY MATTERS  

Central Federal is subject to
various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal and state banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital
requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could
have a direct material effect on the Company s financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory
framework for prompt corrective action, Central Federal must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures
of their assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance-sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The capital
amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings, and other
factors. Prompt corrective action provisions are not generally applicable to savings and loan holding companies. 

Table of Contents        

central
federal bancshares, inc. 

 notes to
CoNsolidated financial statements 

note 9   
       REGULATORY MATTERS (CONTINUED)    

As of September 30, 2016, the
most recent notification from the banking regulators categorized Central Federal as  well capitalized  under the regulatory
framework for prompt corrective action. To be categorized as well capitalized, Central Federal must maintain minimum total risk-based,
Tier 1 risk-based, common equity Tier 1 risk-based, and Tier 1 leverage ratios as set forth in the following tables.
There are no conditions or events since the notification that management believes have changed Central Federal s category. 

Quantitative measures established
by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require Central Federal to maintain minimum amounts and ratios set forth in the following
table. Management believes, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, that Central Federal met all its capital adequacy requirements. 

Central Federal s capital
amounts and ratios are presented in the following table. 

Table of Contents        

central
federal bancshares, inc. 

 notes to
CoNsolidated financial statements 

note 9 
     REGULATORY MATTERS (CONTINUED)  

The Basel III Capital Rules,
which became effective January 1, 2015, revised the prompt corrective action requirements by: (i) introducing a Common Equity Tier
1 risk-based ratio requirement at each level (other than critically undercapitalized), with the required Common Equity Tier 1 risk-based
ratio being 6.5% for  well-capitalized  status; (ii) increasing the minimum Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio requirement
for each category (other than critically undercapitalized), with the minimum Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio for  well-capitalized 
status being 8% (compared to the prior ratio of 6%); and (iii) eliminating the former provision that provided that a bank with
a composite supervisory rating of 1 may have a 3% Leverage Ratio and still be adequately capitalized. The Basel III Capital Rules
did not change the total risk based capital requirement for any prompt corrective action category. The rules also establish a  capital
conservation buffer  of 2.5% above the risk-based capital ratios, shown in the table above, which is being phased in at 0.625%
of risk-weighted assets each year beginning in January 2016. 

NOTE 10 
     EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP PLAN ( esop )  

On January 12, 2016, the Company
announced the formation of the ESOP, a non-contributory plan for its employees. All employees of the Company meeting certain tenure
requirements are entitled to participate in the ESOP. 

The ESOP was originally established
with the purchase of 143,042 shares of common stock using the proceeds in the offering completed on January 12, 2016. The Company
is making quarterly payments of principal and interest over a term of 100 quarters and the unpaid principal has an annual interest
rate of 3.50%. Dividends paid on unallocated stock will also be applied as a payment. The trustee holds unallocated shares purchased
by the ESOP in a loan suspense account and will release the shares of common stock on a pro rata basis each quarter as payments
are made. Released shares will be allocated among active participants on the basis of each active participant s proportional
share of compensation. Compensation expense related to the ESOP was $45,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

A summary of Central Federal s
ESOP is as follows at September 30, 2016: 

Table of Contents        

central
federal bancshares, inc. 

 notes to
CoNsolidated financial statements 

NOTE 11 
     FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS  

The Company categorizes its assets
and liabilities measured at fair value into a three-level hierarchy based on the priority of the inputs to the valuation technique
used to determine fair value. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical
assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). If the inputs used in the determination
of the fair value measurement fall within different levels of the hierarchy, the categorization is based on the lowest level input
that is significant to the fair value measurement. Assets and liabilities valued at fair value are categorized based on the inputs
to the valuation techniques as follows: 

Level 1    Inputs that
utilize quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that an entity has the ability to access. 

Level 2    Inputs that
include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability,
either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. Fair values for these instruments are
estimated using pricing models, quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics, or discounted cash flows. 

Level 3    Inputs that
are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, which are typically based on an entity s own assumptions, as there is
little, if any, related market activity. 

Subsequent to initial recognition,
the Company may remeasure the carrying value of assets and liabilities measured on a nonrecurring basis to fair value. Adjustments
to fair value usually result when certain assets are impaired. Such assets are written down from their carrying amounts to their
fair value. 

Professional standards allow
entities the irrevocable option to elect to measure certain financial instruments and other items at fair value for the initial
and subsequent measurement on an instrument-by-instrument basis. The Company adopted the policy to value certain financial instruments
at fair value. The Company has not elected to measure any existing financial instruments at fair value; however, it may elect to
measure newly acquired financial instruments at fair value in the future. 

Table of Contents        

central
federal bancshares, inc. 

 notes to
CoNsolidated financial statements 

NOTE 11 
     FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (CONTINUED)  

Recurring Basis   

 The Company uses fair value measurements
to record fair value adjustments to certain assets and liabilities and to determine fair value disclosures. The following tables
present the balances of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis: 

The following is a description
of the valuation methodologies used for instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis, as well as the general classification
of such instruments pursuant to the valuation hierarchy. 

Securities  

 When available, the Company uses
quoted market prices to determine the fair value of securities; such items are classified in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.
For the Company s securities for which quoted prices are not available for identical securities in an active market, the
Company determines fair value utilizing vendors who apply matrix pricing for similar bonds for which no price is observable or
may compile prices from various sources. Level 2 inputs consider observable data that may include dealer quotes, market spread,
cash flows, treasury yield curve, trading levels, credit information and terms, amount other factors. 

Nonrecurring Basis   

 Certain assets are measured at
fair value on a nonrecurring basis. These assets are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis; however, they are subject
to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances, such as there is evidence of impairment or a change in the amount of previously
recognized impairment. 

Table of Contents        

central
federal bancshares, inc. 

 notes to
CoNsolidated financial statements 

NOTE 11  
      FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (CONTINUED)   

Nonrecurring Basis (Continued)   

 Net impairment losses including
charge-offs or allocated losses, related to nonrecurring fair value measurements of certain assets for the periods ended September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consisted of the following: 

The significant inputs used in
the fair value measurements for Level 3 assets measured at fair value on the nonrecurring basis are as follows as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Valuation   
           
       Unobservable   
           
       Range    

Techniques   
           
       Inputs   
           
       (Average)    
 
      Impaired Loans  
      Evaluation of  Collateral  
       
      Estimation of  Value  
       
      NM*   

*   Not Meaningful.  Evaluations of the underlying assets are completed for each impaired loan
with a specific allowance. The types of collateral vary widely and could include accounts receivables, inventory, a variety of
equipment, and real estate. Collateral evaluations are reviewed and discounted as appropriate based on knowledge of the specific
type of collateral. In the case of real estate, an independent appraisal may be obtained. Types of discounts considered include
aging of receivables, condition of the collateral and potential market for the collateral, and estimated disposal costs. These
discounts will vary from loan to loan, thus, providing a range would not be meaningful.   

Impaired Loans  

 In accordance with the provisions
of the loan impairment guidance, impairment was measured for which it is probable that payment of interest and principal will not
be made in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan agreement. The fair value of impaired loans is estimated using one
of several methods, including collateral value, market value of similar debt, or discounted cash flows. Those impaired loans not
requiring an allowance represent loans for which the fair value of the expected repayments or collateral exceeds the recorded investments
in such loans. Impaired loans for which an allowance is established based on the fair value of collateral require classification
in the fair value hierarchy. Collateral values are estimated using Level  3  inputs based
on customized discounting criteria. 

Impairment amounts on impaired
loans represent specific valuation allowance and write-downs during the period presented on impaired loans that were individually
evaluated for 

Table of Contents        

central
federal bancshares, inc. 

 notes to
CoNsolidated financial statements 

impairment based on the estimated
fair value of the collateral less estimated selling costs, excluding impaired loans fully charged-off. 

NOTE 12 
     fair value OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  

Disclosure of fair value information
about financial instruments, for which it is practicable to estimate that value, is required whether or not recognized in the statements
of financial condition. In cases in which quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on estimates using present
value or other valuation techniques. Those techniques are significantly affected by the assumptions used, including the discount
rate and estimate of future cash flows. In that regard, the derived fair value estimates cannot be substantiated by comparison
to independent markets and, in many cases, could not be realized in immediate settlement of the instruments. Certain financial
instruments with a fair value that is not practicable to estimate and all non-financial instruments are excluded from the disclosure
requirements. Accordingly, the aggregate fair value amounts presented do not necessarily represent the underlying value of the
Company. 

The
following disclosures represent financial instruments in which the ending balances at  September 30 ,
2016 and December 31, 2015 are not carried at fair value in their entirety on the statements of financial condition.  

Cash and Cash Equivalents
and Accrued Interest  

 The carrying amounts reported
in the statements of financial condition approximate those assets  and liabilities  fair values. Accrued interest is
primarily accrued interest from loans. 

Certificates of Deposit
in Other Financial Institutions  

 Fair values of certificates of
deposit in other financial institutions are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses based on current rates for similar types
of deposits. 

Federal Home Loan Bank
( FHLB ) Stock, at Cost  

 The carrying amount of FHLB stock
approximates its fair value based on the redemption provisions of the FHLB. 

Loans  

 For variable-rate loans that
reprice frequently and with no significant change in credit risk, fair values are based on carrying values. The fair values of
other loans are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, using interest rates currently being offered for loans with similar
terms to borrowers of similar credit quality. 

Deposits  

 The fair values of demand deposits
are, by definition, equal to the amount payable on demand at the balance sheet date. The fair values of fixed-rate certificates
of deposit are estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies current incremental interest rates being offered
on certificates of deposit to a schedule of aggregated expected monthly maturities of the outstanding certificates of deposit. 

Table of Contents        

central
federal bancshares, inc. 

 notes to
CoNsolidated financial statements 

Off-Balance-Sheet Credit-Related
Instruments  

 Off-Balance-Sheet Credit Related
Instrument commitments are generally of a short-term nature. The contract amount of such commitments approximates their fair value
since the commitments are comprised primarily of unfunded loan commitments which are generally priced at market at the time of
funding. 

NOTE 12    fair
                                         value OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)  

Fair Value of Financial
Instruments   

 The estimated fair values, and
related carrying or notional amounts, of the Company s financial instruments are as follows: 

Table of Contents        

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  

Forward-Looking Statements   

Statements included in this report and
in our future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, in our press releases, and in oral statements made with the
approval of an authorized executive officer, which are not historical or current facts, are  forward-looking statements 
made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and are subject to certain
risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical earnings and those presently anticipated
or projected. These forward-looking statements are sometimes identified by the use of terms and phrases such as  believe, 
 should,   expect,   project,   estimate,   anticipate,   aim, 
 intend,   plan,   will,   can,   may,  or similar expressions elsewhere
in this report. Forward-looking statements include: 

statements of our goals, intentions and expectations;    

statements regarding our business plan, prospects, growth and operating
strategies;    

statements regarding the quality of our loan and investment portfolios;
and    

estimates of our risks and future costs and benefits.    

Such statements are based on management s
current views and assumptions, and involve risks and uncertainties that could affect expected results. Those risks and uncertainties
include but are not limited to the following: 

general economic conditions, either nationally or in our primary market
area, that are worse than expected;    

changes in the interest rate environment that reduce our interest
margins or reduce the fair value of financial investments;    

credit risks of lending activities, including changes in the level
and trend of loan delinquencies and write-offs and in our allowance for loan losses and provision for loan losses;    

our ability to implement our strategic plans;    

changes in our organization, compensation and benefit plans, and our
ability to attract and retain key members of our senior management team and to address staffing needs in response to product demand
or to implement our strategic plans;    

the use of estimates in determining fair value of certain of our assets,
which may prove to be incorrect and result in significant declines in valuations;    

fluctuations in the demand for loans, which may be affected by the
number of unsold homes, land and other properties in our market areas and by any declines in the value of real estate in our market
area;    

our ability to attract and maintain deposits and our success in introducing
new financial products    

significant increases in our loan losses, including as a result of
our inability to resolve classified and non-performing assets or reduce risks associated with our loans, and management s
assumptions in determining the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses;    

declines in the yield on our assets resulting from the current low
interest rate environment;    

risks related a high concentration of loans secured by real estate
located in our market area;    

the results of examinations by our regulators, including the possibility
that our regulators may, among other things, require us to increase our allowance for loan losses, write down assets, change our
regulatory capital position, limit our ability to borrow funds or maintain or increase deposits, or prohibit us from paying dividends,
which could adversely affect our dividends and earnings;    

our ability to have sufficient taxable income to be able to fully
deduct the contribution to our charitable foundation;    

the recovery of the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets;    

changes in the level of government support of housing finance;    

our ability to enter new markets successfully and capitalize on growth
opportunities;    

changes in our compensation and benefit plans;    

loan delinquencies and changes in the underlying cash flows of our
borrowers;    

Table of Contents        

our ability to control costs and expenses, particularly those associated
with operating as a publicly traded company;    

the failure or security breaches of computer systems on which we depend;    

the ability of key third-party service providers to perform their
obligations to us;    

changes in the financial condition or future prospects of issuers
of securities that we own;    

increased competitive pressures among financial services companies;    

changes in consumer spending, borrowing and savings habits;    

adverse changes in the financial industry, securities, credit and
national and local real estate markets (including real estate values);    

changes in laws or government regulations or policies affecting financial
institutions, including the Dodd-Frank Act, which could result in, among other things, increased deposit insurance premiums and
assessments, capital requirements (particularly the new capital regulations), regulatory fees and compliance costs and the resources
we have available to address such changes;    

changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by
the bank regulatory agencies, the SEC, the Financial Accounting Standards Board or the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board;
and    

other economic, competitive, governmental, regulatory and operational
factors affecting our operations, pricing, products and services described elsewhere in this report.    

Our results of operations and financial
condition may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Any of the forward-looking statements that we make
in this report and in other public statements we make may later prove incorrect because of inaccurate assumptions, the factors
illustrated above or other factors that we cannot foresee. 

You should not rely upon forward-looking
statements that we make in this report and in other public statements we make as predictions of future events. Although we believe
that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that the future results,
levels of activity, performance or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur.
Moreover, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this report
to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations. 

Overview  

Central Federal Bancshares, Inc. ( Central Federal Bancshares 
or the  Company ) is a holding company that owns 100% of Central Federal Savings and Loan Association of Rolla ( Central
Federal ). Central Federal is a community-oriented financial institution founded in 1952, dedicated to serving the financial
service needs of customers within its market area, which generally consists of Phelps County, Missouri, although it also services
customers in the contiguous Missouri countries of Dent, Texas, Crawford, Pulaski and Maries. We currently operate out of our office
in Rolla, Missouri. 

We offer a variety of loan and deposit products to meet the
borrowing needs of our customers. Our real estate loans consist primarily of residential loans, including owner-occupied and non-owner
occupied one-to four-family residential loans. We also offer commercial and multi-family real estate loans, commercial business
loans and consumer loans, including automobile and recreational vehicle loans. We are subject to extensive regulation, examination
and supervision by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the OCC, our primary federal regulator, and the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation, our deposit insurer. 

We will continue to explore ways to service our customers and
their needs in order to be a full service banking institution. The results of our operations depend primarily on our net interest
income. Net interest income is the difference between the interest income we earn on interest-earning assets, primarily loans,
and interest we pay on interest-bearing liabilities, consisting of deposits. The interest income we generate is based on the origination
of commercial, mortgage and consumer loans. Our primary source of funding is deposits. The largest expenses we incur are associated
with salaries and related employee benefits. It is critical for Central Federal to maintain appropriate regulatory leverage and
risk-based capital ratios. 

Table of Contents        

Critical Accounting Policies  

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
from those estimates. Material estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant change in the near term include the determination
of the allowance for loan losses, valuation of foreclosed assets, and valuation of deferred tax assets. 

Allowance for Loan Losses.   The
allowance for loan losses is an estimate made by management as necessary to cover probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio
at the balance sheet date. The allowance is established through a provision for loan losses which is charged to expense. Additions
to the allowance are expected to maintain the adequacy of the total allowance after loan losses and loan growth. Loan losses are
charged-off against the allowance when Central Federal determines the loan balance to be uncollectible. Cash received on previously
charged-off amounts is recorded as a recovery to the allowance. Although management believes the allowance to be adequate, ultimate
losses may vary from its estimates. At least quarterly, the board of directors reviews the adequacy of the allowance, including
consideration of the relevant risks in the portfolio, current economic conditions, and other factors. If the board of directors
and management determine that changes are warranted based on those reviews, the allowance is adjusted. In addition, Central Federal s
primary regulator may require additions to the allowance based on their judgment about information available at the time of their
examinations. The regulatory agency is not, however, directly involved in the determination of the allowance for loan losses, and
any decisions to increase or decrease the allowance for loan losses are the responsibility of Central Federal s management. 

Foreclosed Assets.   Assets
acquired through, or in lieu of, loan foreclosure are held for sale and are initially recorded at fair value less estimated selling
costs at the date of foreclosure, establishing a new cost basis. Subsequent to foreclosure, valuations are periodically performed
by management and the assets held for sale are carried at the lower of the new cost basis or fair value less cost to sell. This
evaluation is inherently subjective and requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revisions as more information becomes
available. Due to potential changes in conditions, it is at least reasonably possible that changes in fair values will occur in
the near term and that such changes could materially affect the amounts reported in Central Federal s financial statements. 

Deferred Tax Assets.   Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial
statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are
expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in
income in the period that includes the enactment date. These calculations are based on many complex factors including estimates
of the timing of reversals of temporary differences, the interpretation of federal and state income tax laws, and a determination
of the differences between the tax and the financial reporting basis of assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ significantly
from the estimates and interpretations used in determining the current and deferred income tax liabilities. 

The Company maintains significant net deferred
tax assets for deductible temporary differences, the largest of which relates to the Company s contribution to establish
the Central Federal Community Foundation. Under generally accepted accounting principles, a valuation allowance is required to
be recognized if it is  more likely than not  that the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The determination
of the realizability of the deferred tax assets is highly subjective and dependent upon management s judgment and evaluation
of both positive and negative evidence, including the forecasts of future income, tax planning strategies and assessments of the
current and future economic and business conditions. The Company considers both positive and negative evidence regarding the ultimate
realizability of the deferred tax assets. Positive evidence includes the ability to implement tax planning strategies to accelerate
taxable income recognition and the probability that taxable income will be generated in future periods. Negative evidence includes
the continued expenses related to operating as a publicly traded company, current financial performance, and the general business
and economic trends. 

Table of Contents        

In connection with the offering of common
stock, the Company contributed to the Central Federal Community Foundation $100,000 in cash and common stock with a fair value
of approximately $688,000 (68,770 shares at the $10.00 offering price) for a total contribution of approximately $788,000. For
Federal income tax purposes, the deduction for charitable contributions is limited to a maximum of 10% of taxable income before
charitable contributions, net operating losses and dividends received deductions. We are permitted, under the Internal Revenue
Code, to carry the excess contribution over the five-year period following the contribution to the charitable foundation, subject
to the 10% annual limitation. 

We may not have sufficient taxable income
to be able to fully deduct the contribution in the year in which it is made or during the five-year carryover period permitted
under the Internal Revenue Code. We estimate we will not be able to fully utilize the carryover and, in the first quarter of 2016,
we established a valuation allowance related to the entire deferred tax asset related to the contribution as it is not deemed to
be realizable. This determination was based primarily upon the effect of anticipated costs related to operation as a publicly traded
company and their effect on future taxable income. The creation of the valuation allowance does not have an effect on the Company s
cash flows and may be recoverable in subsequent periods if the Company were to realize certain sustainable future taxable income.
It is possible that future conditions may differ substantially from those anticipated in determining the need for a valuation allowance
on deferred tax assets and adjustments may be required in the future. 

Determining the ultimate settlement of
any tax position requires significant estimates and judgements in arriving at the amount of tax benefits to be recognized in the
financial statements. It is possible that the tax benefits realized upon the ultimate resolution of a tax position may result in
tax benefits that are significantly different from those estimated. 

Results of Operations for the Nine Months Ended September
30, 2016 and 2015  

Overview.    We had
a net loss of $885,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to net income of $71,000 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. The $956,000, or 1,346.5%, decrease in net income between the periods was primarily a result of noninterest
expense increasing $1.2 million, partially offset by net interest income increasing $128,000. We also had an income tax benefit
of $52,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to an income tax expense of $45,000 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. 

Net Interest Income.    Net
interest income increased by $128,000, or 8.9%, to $1.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $1.4 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Although interest income on loans decreased by $75,000 from the nine months ended
September 30, 2015 to the nine months ended September 30, 2016, interest expense on deposits decreased by $77,000 during that same
period. In addition, securities and other interest income increased by $126,000 due to increased investment in available-for-sale
securities and short term certificates of deposit during 2016. Securities and other interest income consists primarily of interest
on bank accounts, securities available-for-sale, certificates of deposits and federal funds sold and, to a lesser extent, Federal
Home Loan Mortgage Corporation stock and Federal Home Loan Bank stock. 

The $75,000, or 4.3%, decrease in interest
income on loans is a result of a decrease in the average yield on loans of 17 basis points and a $401,000, or 0.8%, decrease in
the average balance of loans from $50.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $49.8 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016. 

The $77,000, or 22.0%, decrease in interest
expense on deposits was due to a decrease in the average rate on deposits of 16 basis points and a $3.2 million, or 6.8%, decrease
in the average balance of interest-bearing deposits from $46.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $43.3 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Table of Contents        

Average Balances and Yields.    The
following table presents information regarding average balances of assets and liabilities, the total dollar amounts of interest
income and dividends from average interest-earning assets, the total dollar amounts of interest expense on average interest-bearing
liabilities, and the resulting annualized average yields and costs. The yields and costs for the periods indicated are derived
by dividing income or expense by the average balances of assets or liabilities, respectively, for the periods presented. Average
balances have been calculated using daily balances, and non-accrual loans are included in average balances only. Loan fees are
included in interest income on loans and are insignificant. Any adjustments necessary to present yields on a tax-equivalent basis
are insignificant. 

(2)  Interest rate spread represents the difference between
the yield on average interest-earning assets and the cost of average interest-bearing liabilities. 

(3)  Net interest-earning assets represents total interest-earning
assets less total interest-bearing liabilities. 

(4)  Net interest margin represents net interest income divided
by total interest-earning assets. 

Provision for Loan Losses.    We
maintain an allowance for loan losses at a level necessary to absorb management s best estimate of probable loan losses in
the portfolio. Management reviews the level of the allowance for loan losses on a quarterly basis based on a variety of factors.
Management considers, among other factors, historical loss experience, type and amount of loans, borrower concentrations and current
conditions of the economy. In addition, the allowance considers the level of loans which management monitors as a result of inconsistent
repayment patterns. Such loans carry a higher degree of credit risk than our historical single-family lending. 

Management also reviews individual loans
for which full collectability may not be reasonably assured and considers, among other matters, the estimated fair value of the
underlying collateral. This evaluation is ongoing and results in variations in our provision for loan losses. 

We had no provision for loan losses for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Net loan recoveries amounted to $1,000 during the nine months ended September 30,
2016, compared to net charge-offs of $18,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Table of Contents        

Although management utilizes its best judgment
in providing for losses, there can be no assurance that they will not have to change its allowance for loan losses in subsequent
periods. The allowance for loan losses reflects the estimate we believe to be appropriate to cover incurred probable losses in
the loan portfolio at September 30, 2016. While we believe the estimates and assumptions used in our determination of the adequacy
of the allowance are reasonable, such estimates and assumptions could be proven incorrect in the future, and the actual amount
of future provisions may exceed the amount of past provisions, and the increase in future provisions that may be required may adversely
impact our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our primary regulator may comment during an examination
on the provision for loan losses or the recognition of further loan charge-offs. The regulatory agency is not, however, directly
involved in the determination of the allowance for loan losses, and any decisions to increase or decrease the allowance for loan
losses are the responsibility of Central Federal s management. Management will continue to monitor the allowance for loan
losses and make additional provisions to the allowance as appropriate. 

Noninterest Income.   Total
noninterest income increased by $19,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. This was a result of customer service fees increasing $11,000 and other non-interest income increasing
by $8,000. 

Noninterest Expense.   Total
noninterest expenses increased by $1.2 million, or 87.0%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. The increase primarily was attributable to a $788,000 contribution made to the Central Federal Community
Foundation during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. At this time, we do not expect to make additional contributions during
the year. Legal and professional services expense increased by $326,000 from period to period due to higher professional fees incurred
as a public company and certain one-time events, including legal costs incurred for establishment of the ESOP and outside consulting
fees paid due to lack of a CFO for the majority of the period. At this time, we do not expect this trend in legal and professional
fees to continue. In addition, data processing and outside services increased by $39,000 from period to period attributable to
IT and network expenses, the expense to introduce chip card technology and increases in data processing costs. 

Income Tax Expense
(Benefit).   We had an income tax benefit of $52,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to an
income tax expense of $45,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This is due to a loss before income taxes of
$937,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to income before income taxes of $116,000 during the same
period in 2015. In the first quarter of 2016, we established a valuation allowance of $304,000 on the entire deferred tax
asset related to the contribution to the Central Federal Community Foundation of $788,000 as it is not deemed to be
realizable. 

Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended September
30, 2016 and 2015  

Overview.   We had a net loss
of $24,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to net loss of $10,000 for the three months ended September
30, 2015. The $14,000, or 140.0%, increase in net loss between the periods was primarily a result of noninterest expense increasing
$113,000, partially offset by net interest income increasing $78,000. 

Net Interest Income.   Net
interest income increased by $78,000, or 16.9%, to $539,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $461,000 for the
three months ended September 30, 2015. Interest income on loans increased by $10,000 from the three months ended September 30,
2015 to the three months ended September 30, 2016, while interest expense on deposits decreased by $27,000 during that same period.
In addition, securities and other interest income increased by $41,000 for the same period due to increased investment in available-for-sale
securities in 2016. Securities and other interest income consists primarily of interest on bank accounts, securities available-for-sale,
certificates of deposits and federal funds sold and, to a lesser extent, Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation stock and Federal
Home Loan Bank (FHLB) stock. 

Table of Contents        

The $10,000, or 1.8%, increase in interest
income on loans is a result of an increase in the average yield on loans of 10 basis points offsetting the decline of $158,000
in the average balance of loans from $49.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 compared to $49.0 million for
the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

The $27,000, or 23.7%, decrease in interest
expense on deposits was due to a decrease in the average rate on deposits of 20 basis points and a $2.6 million, or 5.7%, decrease
in the average balance of interest-bearing deposits from $45.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $42.8 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Average Balances and Yields.   The
following table presents information regarding average balances of assets and liabilities, the total dollar amounts of interest
income and dividends from average interest-earning assets, the total dollar amounts of interest expense on average interest-bearing
liabilities, and the resulting annualized average yields and costs. The yields and costs for the periods indicated are derived
by dividing income or expense by the average balances of assets or liabilities, respectively, for the periods presented. Average
balances have been calculated using daily balances, and non-accrual loans are included in average balances only. Loan fees are
included in interest income on loans and are insignificant. Any adjustments necessary to present yields on a tax-equivalent basis
are insignificant. 

(2)  Interest rate spread represents the difference between
the yield on average interest-earning assets and the cost of average interest-bearing liabilities. 

(3)  Net interest-earning assets represents total interest-earning
assets less total interest-bearing liabilities. 

(4)  Net interest margin represents net interest income divided
by total interest-earning assets. 

Provision for Loan Losses.   We
had no provision for loan losses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Net loan recoveries of $1,000 and net
charge-offs of $17,000 were recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Noninterest Income.   Total
noninterest income increased by $20,000, or 117.7%, during the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the three months
ended September 30, 2015. This was a result of customer service fees and other non-interest income both increasing by $10,000. 

Table of Contents        

Noninterest Expense.   Total
noninterest expenses increased by $113,000, or 23.2%, for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the three months
ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to legal and professional services expense increasing by $37,000
from period to period due to higher professional fees incurred as a public company. Compensation and benefits increased $22,000
over the prior year three month period due to the hiring of additional staff. In addition, expenses related to data processing
and other outside services increased by $19,000, or 28.8%, from period to period attributable to IT and network expenses, the expense
to introduce chip card technology and increases in data processing costs. Operations of foreclosed assets, net increased by $42,000,
or 600.0%, for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015 due primarily to a loss on sale of
one commercial property of $34,000. 

Income Tax Expense.   We had
no income tax expense or benefit for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to an income tax expense of $1,000 for
the three months ended September 30, 2015. This is due to a loss before income taxes of $21,000 for the three months ended September
30, 2016, compared to loss before income taxes of $9,000 during the same period in 2015. 

Balance Sheet Analysis as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  

Total Assets.   At September
30, 2016, total assets were $74.3 million, a decrease of $6.5 million, or 8.1%, from total assets of $80.9 million at December
31, 2015. The decrease in total assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was due mainly to a $12.4 million, or 49.6%,
decrease in cash and cash equivalents, offset by a $6.7 million, or 1,532.3%, increase in available-for-sale securities. In addition,
a $1.5 million, or 60.0%, increase in certificates of deposit in other institutions was offset by a $582,000, or 95.7%, decrease
in foreclosed assets, and a $1.2 million, or 83.6%, decrease in other assets. 

Loans.   At September 30, 2016,
residential real estate loans totaled $33.2 million, or 66.8% of the total loan portfolio, compared to $31.7 million, or 63.2%
of the total loan portfolio, at December 31, 2015. Residential real estate loans increased by $1.5 million, or 4.8%, during the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 as we continue to attract new and existing customers in our market area. 

Commercial and multi-family real estate
loans totaled $14.5 million and represented 29.2% of total loans at September 30, 2016, compared to $16.1 million, or 32.1% of
total loans, at December 31, 2015. The decrease in commercial and multi-family real estate loans between periods was primarily
due to repayment of loans, offset by minimal originations. The market area served by Central Federal is very competitive and interest
rate sensitive. 

Commercial business loans totaled $1.4
million, or 2.8% of total loans, at September 30, 2016 and $2.0 million, or 3.9% of total loans, at December 31, 2015. 

Consumer and other loans totaled $559,000,
or 1.1% of total loans, at September 30, 2016 and $418,000, or 0.8% of total loans, at December 31, 2015. 

Allowance for Loan Losses.   The
allowance for loan losses (allowance) is an estimate of probable loan losses in Central Federal s loan portfolio. The allowance
is established through a provision for loan losses which is charged to expense. Additions to the allowance are expected to maintain
the adequacy of the total allowance after loan losses and loan growth. Loan losses are charged-off against the allowance when Central
Federal determines the loan balance to be uncollectible. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. 

At September 30, 2016, the allowance was
$262,000 and represented 0.5% of total loans. At December 31, 2015, the allowance was $261,000 and also represented 0.5% of total
loans. At September 30, 2016, our allowance for loan losses of $262,000 was 73.2% of nonperforming loans. At December 31, 2015,
our allowance for loan losses of $261,000 was 33.5% of nonperforming loans. 

Table of Contents        

There was a $1,000 increase in the allowance
for loan losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we had $1,000 of charge-offs
related to consumer and other loans, as well as $2,000 of recoveries related to residential real estate loans. The allowance for
loan losses decreased by $18,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 as there were $2,000 of charge-offs related to consumer
and other loans and $17,000 of charge-offs related to residential real estate loans. These charge-offs were partially offset by
$1,000 of recoveries related to residential real estate loans. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the largest allowance in the portfolio was allowance for residential real estate loans which made up about $197,000, or 75.2%,
and $183,000, or 70.1%, of the total allowance, respectively. 

Although we believe that we use the best
available information to establish the allowance for loan losses, future adjustments to the allowance for loan losses may be necessary
and our results of operations could be adversely affected if circumstances differ substantially from the assumptions used in making
the determinations. At least quarterly, the board of directors reviews the adequacy of the allowance, including consideration of
the relevant risks in the portfolio, current economic conditions and other factors. If the board of directors and management determine
that changes are warranted based on those reviews, the allowance is adjusted. 

Furthermore, while we believe we have established
our allowance for loan losses in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and have taken into account the views
of regulators and the current economic environment, there can be no assurance that in the future Central Federal s regulators
will not require further increases in the allowance. The regulatory agency is not, however, directly involved in the determination
of the allowance for loan losses, and any decisions to increase or decrease the allowance for loan losses are the responsibility
of Central Federal s management. Any material increases in the allowance for loan losses may adversely affect our financial
condition and results of operation. 

Delinquent and Non-Accrual Loans
and Troubled Debt Restructurings.   As of September 30, 2016, there were 7 loans delinquent between 30-89 days which totaled
$329,000, compared to the 9 loans delinquent for 30-89 days which totaled $198,000 as of December 31, 2015. There were no loans
delinquent for 90 days or more as of September 30, 2016, compared to 3 loans which totaled $100,000 as of December 31, 2015. 

Loans are generally placed on non-accrual
status when the collectability is considered to be uncertain or payments have become more than 90 days or more delinquent, unless
the credit is well-secured and in process of collection. In some cases, loans are placed on nonaccrual or charged-off at an earlier
date if collection of principal or interest is considered doubtful. Credit card loans and other personal loans are typically charged-off
no later than 180 days past due. As of September 30, 2016, we had 2 loans on non-accrual status totaling $358,000, compared to
December 31, 2015, at which point there were 2 loans on non-accrual status amounting to $679,000. 

Total non-performing loans decreased by
$421,000 from $779,000 at December 31, 2015 to $358,000 at September 30, 2016. The majority of this change was due to the sale
of real estate collateralizing the non-performing loans and full repayment. 

Under certain circumstances, Central Federal
will provide borrowers relief through loan restructuring. A restructuring of debt constitutes a TDR if Central Federal, for economic
or legal reasons related to the borrower s financial situation, grants a concession to the borrower that it would not otherwise
have considered. Loans that are reported as TDRs are considered impaired and measured for impairment. Depending on the individual
facts and circumstances of the borrower, restructuring loans can involve loans remaining in full nonaccrual, moving to nonaccrual
or continuing on accrual status. 

There were no loan relationships that were
considered a TDR as of September 30, 2016 compared to one loan with a value of $390,000 being classified as a TDR as of December
31, 2015. 

Table of Contents        

Foreclosed assets at September 30, 2016
totaled $26,000 and consisted of 1 property, which is a decrease from the 3 foreclosed properties at December 31, 2015 which totaled
$608,000. The decline in the total amount of foreclosed assets is due primarily to 3 properties being sold. The first sale was for a property sold in Cuba, Missouri for $267,000,
resulting in a gain of $2,000. The second sale was a property sold in Rolla, Missouri for $91,000, at a gain of $18,000. During
the process of the second sale, the property was separated into 2 distinct properties. In the period ending September 30, 2016,
a third property was sold for $209,000 resulting in a loss of $34,000. 

Investment Portfolio.   We
have legal authority to invest in various types of liquid assets, including U.S. Treasury obligations, securities of various government-sponsored
agencies and of state and municipal governments, mortgage-backed securities and certificates of deposit of federally insured institutions.
Within certain regulatory limits, we also may invest a portion of our assets in other permissible securities. As a member of the
Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines, we also are required to maintain an investment in the stock of that institution. 

We held $4.0 million and $2.5 million of
certificates of deposit as investment in financial institutions at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we purchased an additional $1.5 million of certificates of deposits to increase our investment
portfolio, as one of our certificates of deposit will mature later this year. We plan to hold these investments until maturity. 

At September 30, 2016, our securities available-for-sale
consisted of 6 mortgage-backed securities and a fully guaranteed Small Business Administration investment, with fair values of
$5,681,000 and $989,000, respectively, purchased during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, one municipal bond backed by
a local school district with a fair value of $421,000, and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation common stock with a fair value
of $26,000 for a total of $7,117,000 as compared to the December 31, 2015 available-for-sale security portfolio with a fair value
of $436,000. 

Deposits.   Deposits have traditionally
been our primary source of funds for use in lending and investment activities. Deposits generally are attracted from within our
market area through the offering of a broad selection of deposit instruments, including non-interest-bearing demand deposits (such
as checking accounts), interest-bearing demand deposit accounts (such as NOW and money market accounts), statement savings accounts,
and certificates of deposit. Deposit account terms vary according to the minimum balance required, the time periods the funds must
remain on deposit, and the interest rate, among other factors. 

Total deposits decreased by $20.2 million,
or 30.3%, from $66.6 million, or 82.4% of total assets, at December 31, 2015 to $46.4 million, or 62.4% of total assets, at September
30, 2016. The majority of the change was due to an $18.4 million decrease in non-interest bearing deposits from $21.8 million,
or 32.8% of total deposits, as of December 31, 2015 to $3.4 million, or 7.4 % of total deposits, as of September 30, 2016. Subscriptions
in advance of the conversion of Central Federal to stock form were placed in a non-interest bearing deposit account as of December
31, 2015. After the conversion, these funds were released and removed from the deposit account. 

Interest-bearing demand deposits and certificates
of deposit make up the majority of the deposit balance. Interest-bearing deposits accounted for $20.2 million, or 43.5%, of total
deposits as of September 30, 2016, which is an increase of $1.4 million from $18.8 million, or 28.2% of total deposits, as of December
31, 2015. Certificates of deposit decreased by $3.3 million from $22.5 million, or 33.8% of total deposits, as of December 31,
2015 to $19.2 million, or 41.4% of total deposits, as of September 30, 2016. Savings accounts remained consistent. 

Stockholders  Equity.   Stockholders 
equity increased by $14.2 million, or 104.0%, to $27.9 million at September 30, 2016 from $13.7 million at December 31, 2015 as
the result of the conversion of Central Federal from a federally chartered mutual savings association into a federally chartered
stock savings association and the related sale of common stock, which was completed on January 12, 2016. The proceeds from the
sale of common stock in the subscription were the main source of the increase in stockholders  equity. As described above,
the Company had a net loss of $885,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Table of Contents        

Capital Ratios  . The Company
was well capitalized according to applicable regulatory standards at September 30, 2016 with a Tier 1 capital to adjusted total
assets ratio of 27.5%, a Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 49.7%, a total risk-based capital to weighted assets ratio
of 50.3%, and a common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 49.7%. See Note 9 to our Unaudited Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

Liquidity Management  

Liquidity is the ability to meet current
and future financial obligations of a short-term nature. Our primary sources of funds available to meet short-term liquidity needs
consist of deposits, funds from scheduled loan payments, loan prepayments, and income on earning assets. While maturities and scheduled
amortization of loans are predictable sources of funds, deposit flows and mortgage prepayments are greatly influenced by general
interest rates, economic conditions, and competition. 

Our most liquid assets are cash and cash
equivalents, interest-bearing deposits, and securities available for sale. At September 30, 2016, cash and cash equivalents totaled
$12.6 million. Certificates of deposits in other financial institutions and securities available-for-sale totaled $4.0 million
and $7.1 million, respectively, at September 30, 2016. 

Our cash flows are composed of three primary
classifications: cash flows from operating activities, investing activities, and financing activities. Net cash used in operating
activities was $87,000 and $327,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Net cash used in investing
activities, which consists primarily of activity in securities available-for-sale and loans, was $7.1 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, and net cash provided by investing activities was $2.6 million for the nine months ended September 30,
2015. Net cash used in financing activities, consisting of activity in deposit accounts and proceeds from sale of common stock,
was $5.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Net cash used in financing activities was $2.2 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. 

Certificates of deposit maturing over the
next 12 months totaled $12.7 million, or 66.0% of certificates of deposit. Although we generally manage the pricing of our deposits
to be competitive, management understands that if these maturing deposits are not reinvested or do not stay with Central Federal,
we will be required to seek other sources of funding or rely on new certificates of deposit. If these deposits are withdrawn, it
is anticipated that they would be funded with available cash or replaced with deposits from other customers. FHLB or Federal Reserve
Bank borrowings or proceeds from the sale of securities could also be used to replace unanticipated outflows of deposits. 

Capital Management  

We are subject to various regulatory capital
requirements administered by the OCC, including risk-based capital measures. The risk-based capital guidelines include both a definition
of capital and a framework for calculating risk-weighted assets by assigning balance sheet assets and off-balance sheet items to
broad risk categories. At September 30, 2016, we exceeded all of our regulatory capital requirements and were considered  well
capitalized  under regulatory guidelines. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements.   In
the normal course of business, Central Federal has outstanding commitments and contingent liabilities, such as commitments to extend
credit and standby letters of credit, which are not included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Central Federal s
exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instruments is represented by the contractual
or notional amount of those instruments. Central Federal has $7.4 million in unfunded commitments under lines of credit and no
standby letters of credit at September 30, 2016. The amount of unfunded commitments under lines of credit and standby letters of
credit were $5.6 million and $15,000 at December 31, 2015. 

Table of Contents        

Commitments to extend credit are agreements
to lend a customer as long as there is no violation of any conditions established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed
expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Central Federal evaluates each customer s
creditworthiness on a case by case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by Central Federal upon extension
of credit, is based on management credit evaluation. Collateral held varies but may include accounts receivable, inventory, property
and equipment, and income producing commercial property. 

Standby letters of credit are conditional
commitments issued by Central Federal to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Standby letters of credit generally
have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. The credit risk involved in issuing
letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. Central Federal s policy
for obtaining collateral, and the nature of such collateral, is essentially the same as that involved in making commitments to
extend credit. Central Federal was not required to perform on any financial guarantees and did not incur any losses on its commitments. 

Table of Contents        

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk  

Not applicable, as the Registrant is a smaller
reporting company. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

As of the end of the period covered by this
report, an evaluation was carried out, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the principal
executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosures controls and procedures
(as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act )). Based
on this evaluation, the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer concluded that the disclosure controls
and procedures are effective. 

There was no change in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting during the most recently completed fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over financial reporting. 

Part II   Other Information  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings   

The Registrant is not involved in any pending
legal proceedings other than routine legal proceedings occurring in the ordinary course of business. The Registrant s management
believes that such routine legal proceedings, in the aggregate, are immaterial to its financial condition and results of operations. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

Not applicable, as the Registrant is a smaller
reporting company. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds   

Not applicable. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

Not applicable. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information   

None. 

Item 6. Exhibits   

101  The following materials from Central Federal Bancshares s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language):
(i) the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss,) (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes In Stockholders  Equity, (v) the
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Table of Contents        

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Central Federal Bancshares, Inc.   

Date:  November 10, 2016 
     /s/ William A. Stoltz  

William A. Stoltz  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: November 10, 2016 
     /s/ Angie Medwick  

Angie Medwick  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 t1602617_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

Certification of Principal Executive
Officer   
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

I, William A. Stoltz, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Central
Federal Bancshares, Inc.; 

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

c)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:  November 10, 2016 
     /s/ William A. Stoltz  

William A. Stoltz  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 t1602617_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

Certification of Principal Financial
Officer  
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

I, Angie Medwick, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
of Central Federal Bancshares, Inc.; 

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b) 
     Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

c) 
     Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 

a) 
     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b) 
     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:  November 10, 2016 
     /s/ Angie Medwick  

Angie Medwick  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 t1602617_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32  

  Certification of Principal Executive
Officer and Principal Financial Officer  
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of Central Federal Bancshares, Inc. ( Central Federal Bancshares ) for the quarter ended September 30,
2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
     the Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

2.  the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Central Federal Bancshares. 

Date:  November 10, 2016 
     /s/ William A. Stoltz  

William A. Stoltz  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Date:  November 10, 2016 
     /s/ Angie Medwick  

Angie Medwick  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906 has been provided to Central Federal Bancshares and will be retained by Central Federal Bancshares and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 cfbi-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cfbi-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cfbi-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cfbi-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cfbi-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cfbi-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

