<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1464963_0001193125-16-764418_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3295165</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>283822</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2329080</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>110</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>6</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-764418.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109163110
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-764418
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		7
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			THL Credit, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001464963
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-00789
		FILM NUMBER:		161984634

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 FEDERAL STREET
		STREET 2:		31ST FLOOR
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02110
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(800) 450-4424

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 FEDERAL STREET
		STREET 2:		31ST FLOOR
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02110

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-764418.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 d273158d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

FORM 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES    
   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION        WASHINGTON, DC 20549         
        FORM 10-Q
             
   (Mark One)    
 
   For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016        OR        
 
   For the transition period from
                       to
                              Commission file number 814-00789         
        THL CREDIT,
INC.        (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)    

Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: 800-450-4424    
   Securities registered pursuant to 12(b) of the Act:    
         
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days.    Yes         No        
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every
Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    Yes         No        
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.   

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-Accelerated filer  
     
       (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      
  Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934).    Yes         No        
  The number of shares of the registrant s common stock, $0.001 par value per share, outstanding at November 9, 2016 was
33,169,376.           

Table of Contents  

    THL CREDIT, INC.    
   FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED September 30, 2016          Table of Contents        

INDEX    
      
   PAGE     NO.   

PART I.   
     
  FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.   
     
  Financial Statements  

Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   

3  

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   

4  

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   

5  

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   

6  

Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   

8  

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   

19  

Item 2.   
     
   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

56  

Item 3.   
     
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

96  

Item 4.   
     
   Controls and Procedures   

97  

PART II.   
     
   OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.   
     
   Legal Proceedings   

98  

Item 1A.   
     
   Risk Factors   

98  

Item 2.   
     
   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

99  

Item 3.   
     
   Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

99  

Item 4.   
     
   Mine Safety Disclosures   

99  

Item 5.   
     
   Other Information   

99  

Item 6.   
     
   Exhibits   

100  

SIGNATURES     

101  

2   

Table of Contents  

    THL Credit, Inc. and Subsidiaries    
     Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities    
   (in thousands, except per share data)        (unaudited)        
    See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements.   
         3   

Table of Contents  

    THL Credit, Inc. and Subsidiaries    
     Consolidated Statements of Operations    
   (in thousands, except per share data)        (unaudited)        
    See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements.   
         4   

Table of Contents  

    THL Credit, Inc. and Subsidiaries    
     Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets    
   (in thousands)        (unaudited)        
    See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements.   
         5   

Table of Contents  

    THL Credit, Inc. and Subsidiaries    
     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows    
   (in thousands)        (unaudited)        
 
         6   

Table of Contents  

    Non-cash Operating Activities:    
  See Note 5 in the notes to consolidated financial statements for non-cash restructurings.   
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, THL Credit recognized PIK income of $1,733 and $3,565, respectively.   
  See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements.   
         7   

Table of Contents  

      THL Credit, Inc. and Subsidiaries    
   Consolidated Schedules of Investments        September 30, 2016        (dollar amounts in thousands)    
   (unaudited)        
 
          (continued on next page)
      See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements   
      8   

Table of Contents  

    THL Credit, Inc. and Subsidiaries    
   Consolidated Schedules of Investments        September 30, 2016        (dollar amounts in thousands)    
   (unaudited)          
           (continued on next page)    
         See
accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements.          9   

Table of Contents  

    THL Credit, Inc. and Subsidiaries    
   Consolidated Schedules of Investments        September 30, 2016        (dollar amounts in thousands)    
   (unaudited)          

(1)  
  All debt investments are income-producing, unless otherwise noted. Equity and member interests are non-income-producing unless otherwise noted.

(2)  
  All investments are pledged as collateral under the Revolving Facility and Term Loan Facility.     

(4)  
  Variable interest rate investments bear interest in reference to London Interbank offer rate, or LIBOR, or ABR, which are effective as of September 30, 2016. LIBOR
loans are typically indexed to 30-day, 60-day, 90-day or 180-day LIBOR rates, at the borrower s option, and ABR rates are typically indexed to the current prime rate or federal funds rate. Both LIBOR and ABR rates may be subject to interest
floors.     

(5)  
  Principal includes accumulated PIK, or paid-in-kind, interest and is net of repayments.     

(6)  
  Foreign company at the time of investment and, as a result, is not a qualifying asset under Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act.     

(7)  
  Unitranche investment; interest rate reflected represents the implied interest rate earned on the investment for the most recent quarter.     
          
  10   

Table of Contents  

(8)  
  Issuer pays 0.50% unfunded commitment fee on delayed draw term loan and/or revolving loan facilities.     

(9)  
  The negative cost is the result of the capitalized discount being greater than the principal amount outstanding on the loan.     

(10)  
  Publicly-traded company with a market capitalization in excess of $250 million at the time of investment and, as a result, is not a qualifying asset under
Section 55(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940.     

(11)  
  At the option of the issuer, interest can be paid in cash or cash and PIK. The percentage of PIK shown is the maximum PIK that can be elected by the company.

(12)  
  Member interests of limited liability companies are the equity equivalents of the stock of corporations.     

(13)  
  Equity ownership may be held in shares or units of companies related to the portfolio company.     

(14)  
  Preferred stock investment return is income-producing with a stated rate of 12.8% cash and 2% PIK due on a monthly basis     

(15)  
  Interest held by a wholly owned subsidiary of THL Credit, Inc.     

(16)  
  Income-producing security with no stated coupon; interest rate reflects an estimation of the effective yield to expected maturity as of September 30, 2016.

(17)  
  Non-registered investment company at the time of investment and, as a result, is not a qualifying asset under Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act.

(18)  
  As defined in Section 2(a)(9) of the 1940 Act, the Company is deemed to control this portfolio company because it owns more than 25% of the portfolio
company s outstanding voting securities. See Schedule 12-14 in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for transactions for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 in which the issuer was a portfolio company that
the Company is deemed to control.     

(19)  
  Part of our preferred stock return is income-producing with a stated rate of 3% due on a quarterly basis.     

(20)  
  On December 3, 2014, the Company entered into an agreement with Perspecta to create THL Credit Logan JV LLC, or Logan JV, a joint venture, which invests primarily
in senior secured first lien term loans. All Logan JV investment decisions must be unanimously approved by the Logan JV investment committee consisting of one representative from each of the Company and Perspecta. Although the Company owns more than
25% of the voting securities of Logan JV, the Company does not believe that it has control over Logan JV (other than for purposes of the 1940 Act or otherwise). Funding to Logan JV will only be made pursuant to unanimous approval from the Company
and Perspecta.     

(22)  
  Common stock and member interest.     

(23)  
  Investment formerly known as Key Brand Entertainment, Inc. The name change was effective May 16, 2016.     

(24)  
  Preferred stock investment return is income-producing with a stated rate of 12.5% PIK capitalized annually.     

(26)  
  Issuer pays 3.0% weighted average unfunded commitment fee on the revolving loan facility.     

(27)  
  Issuer pays 4.75% unfunded commitment fee on the revolving loan facility.        See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements.   
         11   

Table of Contents  

    THL Credit, Inc. and Subsidiaries    
   Consolidated Schedules of Investments        December 31, 2015        (dollar amounts in thousands)    

12   

Table of Contents  

(Continued on next page)
          13   

Table of Contents  

14   

Table of Contents  

15   

Table of Contents  

(continued on next page)    
         16   

Table of Contents  

(1)  
  All debt investments are income-producing, unless otherwise noted. Equity and member interests are non-income-producing unless otherwise noted.

(2)  
  All investments are pledged as collateral under the Revolving Facility and Term Loan Facility.     

(3)  
  Variable interest rate investments bear interest in reference to LIBOR or ABR, which are effective as of December 31, 2015. LIBOR loans are typically indexed to
30-day, 60-day, 90-day or 180-day LIBOR rates, at the borrower s option, and ABR rates are typically indexed to the current prime rate or federal funds rate. Both LIBOR and ABR rates are subject to interest floors.     

(4)  
  Principal includes accumulated PIK, or paid-in-kind, interest and is net of repayments.     

(5)  
  Foreign company at the time of investment and, as a result, is not a qualifying asset under Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act.     

(6)  
  Unitranche investment; interest rate reflected represents the implied interest rate earned on the investment for the most recent quarter.     

(7)  
  Issuer pays 0.50% unfunded commitment fee on delayed draw term loan and revolving loan facility.     

(8)  
  The negative cost is the result of the capitalized discount being greater than the principal amount outstanding on the loan.     

(9)  
  Publicly-traded company with a market capitalization in excess of $250 million at the time of investment and, as a result, is not a qualifying asset under
Section 55(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940.     

(10)  
  At the option of the issuer, interest can be paid in cash or cash and PIK. The percentage of PIK shown is the maximum PIK that can be elected by the company.

(11)  
  Member interests of limited liability companies are the equity equivalents of the stock of corporations.     

(12)  
  Equity ownership may be held in shares or units of companies related to the portfolio company.     

(13)  
  Preferred stock investment return is income-producing with a stated rate of 12% cash and 2% PIK due on a monthly basis     

(14)  
  Interest held by a wholly owned subsidiary of THL Credit, Inc.     
         17   

Table of Contents  

(15)  
  Income-producing security with no stated coupon; interest rate reflects an estimation of the effective yield to expected maturity as of December 31, 2015.

(16)  
  Non-registered investment company at the time of investment and, as a result, is not a qualifying asset under Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act.

(17)  
  As defined in Section 2(a)(9) of the 1940 Act, the Company is deemed to control this portfolio company because it owns more than 25% of the portfolio
company s outstanding voting securities. See Schedule 12-14 in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for transactions during the year ended December 31, 2015 in which the issuer was a portfolio company that the
Company is deemed to control.     

(18)  
  Part of our preferred stock investment return is income-producing with a stated rate of 3% due on a quarterly basis.     

(19)  
  On December 3, 2014, the Company entered into an agreement with Perspecta to create THL Credit Logan JV LLC, or Logan JV, a joint venture, which invests primarily
in senior secured first lien term loans. All Logan JV investment decisions must be unanimously approved by the Logan JV investment committee consisting of one representative from each of the Company and Perspecta. Although the Company owns more than
25% of the voting securities of Logan JV, the Company does not believe that it has control over Logan JV (other than for purposes of the 1940 Act or otherwise). Funding to Logan JV will only be made pursuant to unanimous approval from the Company
and Perspecta.     

(21)  
  Common stock, member interest, and warrants     

(22)  
  Warrants received at initial acquisition date at no cost to the Company     
 
         18   

Table of Contents  

    THL Credit, Inc. and Subsidiaries    
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    
   September 30, 2016        (in thousands, except per share data)        (unaudited)    
   1. Organization       THL
Credit, Inc., or the Company, was organized as a Delaware corporation on May 26, 2009. The Company has elected to be regulated as a business development company, or BDC, under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or 1940 Act. The
Company has elected to be treated for tax purposes as a regulated investment company, or RIC, under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, or as amended, the Code. In 2009, the Company was treated for tax purposes as a corporation. The Company s
investment objective is to generate both current income and capital appreciation, primarily through privately negotiated investments in debt and equity securities of lower middle market companies.   
  On April 20, 2010, in anticipation of completing an initial public offering and formally commencing principal operations, the Company
entered into a purchase and sale agreement with THL Credit Opportunities, L.P. and THL Credit Partners BDC Holdings, L.P., or BDC Holdings, an affiliate of the Company, to effectuate the sale by THL Credit Opportunities, L.P. to the Company of
certain securities valued at $62,107, as determined by the Company s board of directors, and on the same day issued 4,140 shares of common stock to BDC Holdings valued at $15.00 per share, pursuant to such agreement, in exchange for the
aforementioned securities. Subsequently, the Company filed an election to be regulated as a BDC.      In December 2015, the Company
completed a public debt offering selling $35,000 of 6.75% Notes due 2022, or the 2022 Notes, including the exercise of the overallotment option, through a group of underwriters, less an underwriting discount, and received net proceeds of $33,950.
     The Company has established wholly owned subsidiaries, THL Credit AIM Media Holdings Inc., THL Credit Holdings, Inc. and THL
Credit YP Holdings Inc., which are structured as Delaware entities, or tax blockers, to hold equity or equity-like investments in portfolio companies organized as limited liability companies, or LLCs (or other forms of pass-through entities).
Corporate subsidiaries are not consolidated for income tax purposes and may incur income tax expense as a result of their ownership of portfolio companies.      The Company has a wholly owned subsidiary, THL Corporate Finance, Inc. and THL Corporate Finance, LLC, its wholly owned subsidiary, serves as the administrative agent on certain investment transactions.
      2. Significant Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Updates    
    Basis of Presentation        The Company is an investment company following the accounting and reporting guidance under the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC )
Topic 946,  Financial Services Investment Companies .      The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the
Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All  inter-company  accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior period financial statements
to conform to current period presentation. In accordance with Article 6 of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Company generally will not consolidate its interest
in any company other than in investment company subsidiaries and controlled operating companies substantially all of whose business consists of providing services to the Company.   
  The accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Company have been presented in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) and pursuant to the requirements for reporting on Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, certain disclosures accompanying annual financial statements prepared in
accordance with GAAP are omitted. In the opinion of management, the unaudited financial results included herein contain all adjustments, consisting solely of normal accruals, considered necessary for the fair statement of financial statements for
the interim period included herein. The current period s results of operations are not necessarily indicative of the operating results to be expected for the period ending December 31, 2016.   
  The information included in this Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations and the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the SEC on March 10, 2016. The financial
results of the Company s portfolio companies are not consolidated in the financial statements.      The accounting records of
the Company are maintained in U.S. dollars.   
         19   

Table of Contents  

     Consolidation     
  The Company follows the guidance in ASC Topic 946  Financial Services Investment Companies  and will not generally consolidate
its investment in a company other than an investment company subsidiary or a controlled operating company whose business consists of providing services to the Company. The Company consolidated the results of its wholly owned subsidiaries in its
consolidated financial statements. The Company does not consolidate its non-controlling interest in THL Credit Logan JV LLC, or Logan JV. See also the disclosure under the heading, Significant Accounting Policies THL Credit Logan JV LLC.
       Use of Estimates        The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that may affect the reported amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Changes in the economic environment, financial markets, creditworthiness of our portfolio companies and any other parameters used in determining these estimates could cause actual results to differ and these differences could be material.
       Cash        Cash consists of funds held in demand deposit accounts at several financial institutions and, at certain times, balances may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insured limit and is therefore
subject to credit risk. There were no cash equivalents as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.   
    Deferred Financing Costs        Deferred financing costs consist of fees and expenses paid in connection with the closing of credit facilities and public debt offering of Notes. These costs are capitalized at the time of payment and are
amortized using the straight line and effective yield methods over the term of the credit facilities and Notes, respectively. Capitalized deferred financing costs related to the Term Loan Facility and Notes, as defined in Note 7, Borrowings,
are presented net against the respective balances outstanding on the Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities. Capitalized deferred financing costs related to the Revolving Facility, as defined in Note 7, Borrowings, are presented
separately on the Company s Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities. See also the disclosure in Note 7, Borrowings.        Deferred Offering Costs        Deferred offering costs consist of fees and
expenses incurred in connection with the offer and sale of the Company s common stock, including legal, accounting, printing fees and other related expenses, as well as costs incurred in connection with the filing of a shelf registration
statement. These costs are capitalized when incurred and recognized as a reduction of offering proceeds when the offering becomes effective.        Deferred Revenue        Deferred revenues consist of proceeds received for
interest and other fees for which the earnings process is not yet complete. Such amounts will be recognized into income over such time that the income is earned.        Interest Rate Derivative        The Company recognizes derivatives as
either interest rate derivative assets or liabilities at fair value on its Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities with valuation changes and interest rate payments recorded as net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on
interest rate derivative and interest rate derivative periodic interest payments, net, respectively, on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. See also the disclosure in Note 8, Interest Rate Derivative.   
    Partial Loan Sales        The Company follows the guidance in ASC Topic 860  Transfers and Servicing  when accounting for loan participations and other partial loan sales. Such guidance requires a participation or other
partial loan sale to meet the definition of a  participating interest , as defined in the guidance as a pro-rata ownership interest in an entire financial asset, in order for sale treatment to be allowed. Participations or other partial
loan sales which do not meet the definition of a participating interest remain on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities and the proceeds are recorded as a secured borrowing until the definition is met.   
         20   

Table of Contents  

     Fair Value of Financial Instruments     
  The carrying amounts of the Company s financial instruments, including cash, accounts payable and accrued expenses, approximate fair
value due to their short-term nature. The carrying amounts and fair values of the Company s long-term obligations are disclosed in Note 7, Borrowings.        Valuation of Investments        Investments, for which market quotations
are readily available, are valued using market quotations, which are generally obtained from an independent pricing service or broker-dealers or market makers. Debt and equity securities, for which market quotations are not readily available or are
not considered to be the best estimate of fair value, are valued at fair value as determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors. Because the Company expects that there will not be a readily available market value for many of the
investments in the Company s portfolio, it is expected that many of the Company s portfolio investments  values will be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors in accordance with a documented valuation policy
that has been reviewed and approved by our board of directors and in accordance with GAAP. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of the
Company s investments may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a readily available market value existed for such investments, and the differences could be material.   
  With respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available, the Company s board of directors undertakes a
multi- step valuation process each quarter, as described below:       

the Company s quarterly valuation process begins with each portfolio company or investment being initially valued by the investment professionals
responsible for the portfolio investment;          

preliminary valuation conclusions are then documented and discussed with senior management of THL Credit Advisors LLC, or the Advisor;

to the extent determined by the audit committee of the Company s board of directors, independent valuation firms are used to conduct independent
appraisals and review the Advisor s preliminary valuations in light of their own independent assessment;          

the audit committee of the Company s board of directors reviews the preliminary valuations of the Advisor and independent valuation firms and, if
necessary, responds and supplements the valuation recommendation of the independent valuation firms to reflect any comments; and          

the Company s board of directors discusses valuations and determines the fair value of each investment in the Company s portfolio in good
faith based on the input of the Advisor, the respective independent valuation firms and the audit committee.      
  The types of factors that the Company may take into account in fair value pricing its investments include, as relevant, the nature and
realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments and its earnings and discounted cash flows, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparison to publicly traded securities and other
relevant factors. The Company generally utilizes an income approach to value its debt investments and a combination of income and market approaches to value its equity investments. With respect to unquoted securities, the Advisor and the
Company s board of directors, in consultation with the Company s independent third party valuation firms, values each investment considering, among other measures, discounted cash flow models, comparisons of financial ratios of peer
companies that are public and other factors, which valuation is then approved by the board of directors.        Debt
Investments        For debt investments, the Company generally determines the fair value primarily using an income, or yield,
approach that analyzes the discounted cash flows of interest and principal for the debt security, as set forth in the associated loan agreements, as well as the financial position and credit risk of each portfolio investments. The Company s
estimate of the expected repayment date is generally the legal maturity date of the instrument. The yield analysis considers changes in leverage levels, credit quality, portfolio company performance and other factors. The enterprise value, a market
approach, is used to determine the value of equity and debt investments that are credit impaired, close to maturity or where the Company also holds a controlling equity interest. The method for determining enterprise value uses a multiple analysis,
whereby appropriate multiples are applied to the portfolio company s net income before net interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA.   
         21   

Table of Contents  

     Interest Rate Derivative     
  The Company values its interest rate derivative agreement using an income approach that analyzes the discounted cash flows associated with
the interest rate derivative agreement. Significant inputs to the discounted cash flows methodology include the forward interest rate yield curves in effect as of the end of the measurement period and an evaluation of the counterparty s credit
risk.        Collateralized Loan Obligations        The Company values its residual interest investments in collateralized loan obligations, or CLOs, using an income approach that analyzes the discounted cash flows of its residual interest. The discounted
cash flows model utilizes prepayment,  re-investment  and loss assumptions based on historical experience and projected performance, economic factors, the characteristics of the underlying cash flow, and
comparable yields for similar collateralized loan obligation fund subordinated notes or equity, when available. Specifically, the Company uses Intex cash flow models, or an appropriate substitute to form the basis for the valuation of the
Company s residual interest. The models use a set of assumptions including projected default rates, recovery rates, re-investment rates and prepayment rates in order to arrive at estimated cash flows. The assumptions are based on available
market data and projections provided by third parties as well as management estimates.        Payment Rights
       The Company values its investment in payment rights using an income approach that analyzes the discounted projected
future cash flow streams assuming an appropriate discount rate, which will among other things consider other transactions in the market, the current credit environment, performance of the underlying portfolio company and the length of the remaining
payment stream.        Equity        The Company generally uses the market approach to value its equity investments. The market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or
comparable assets or liabilities (including a business). The measurement is based on the value indicated by current market expectations about those future amounts. In following these approaches, the types of factors that the Company may take into
account in fair value pricing the Company s investments include, as relevant: available current market data, including relevant and applicable market trading and transaction comparables, applicable market yields and multiples, the current
investment performance rating, security covenants, call protection provisions, information rights, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments, its earnings and discounted cash flows, the
markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparisons of financial ratios of peer companies that are public, transaction comparables, the Company s principal market as the reporting entity and enterprise values, among other factors.
       Investment in Funds        In circumstances in which net asset value per share of an investment is determinative of fair value, the Company estimates the fair value of an investment in an investment company using the net asset
value per share of the investment (or its equivalent) without further adjustment if the net asset value per share of the investment is determined in accordance with the specialized accounting guidance for investment companies as of the reporting
entity s measurement date.      In accordance with the authoritative guidance on fair value measurements and disclosures under
GAAP, the Company discloses the fair value of its investments in a hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for
identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). The guidance establishes three levels of the fair value hierarchy as follows:   
  Level 1 Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or
liabilities;      Level 2 Quoted prices in markets that are not considered to be active or financial instruments for which
significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly;      Level 3 Prices or valuations that require inputs that
are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable.      The level of an asset or liability within the fair value
hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement. However, the determination of what constitutes  observable  requires significant judgment by management.   
  The Company considers whether the volume and level of activity for the asset or liability have significantly decreased and identifies
transactions that are not orderly in determining fair value. Accordingly, if the Company determines that either the volume and/or level of activity for an asset or liability has significantly decreased (from normal conditions for that asset or
liability) or price quotations or observable inputs are not associated with orderly transactions, increased analysis and management judgment will be required to estimate fair value. Valuation techniques such as an income approach might be
appropriate to supplement or replace a market approach in those circumstances.   
         22   

Table of Contents  

   The Company has adopted the authoritative guidance under GAAP for estimating the fair value
of investments in investment companies that have calculated net asset value per share in accordance with the specialized accounting guidance for Investment Companies. Accordingly, in circumstances in which net asset value per share of an investment
is determinative of fair value, the Company estimates the fair value of an investment in an investment company using the net asset value per share of the investment (or its equivalent) without further adjustment if the net asset value per share of
the investment is determined in accordance with the specialized accounting guidance for investment companies as of the reporting entity s measurement date. Redemptions are not generally permitted in the Company s investments in funds. The
remaining term of the Company s investments in funds is expected to be three to seven years.      The following provides
quantitative information about Level 3 fair value measurements as of September 30, 2016:       
 
         23   

Table of Contents  

   The following provides quantitative information about Level 3 fair value measurements as of
December 31, 2015:       

(1)  
  Averages were determined using a weighted average based upon the fair value of the investments in each investment category.     
  The primary significant unobservable input used in the fair value measurement of the Company s debt securities (first lien secured
debt, second lien debt and subordinated debt), including income-producing investments in funds and income producing securities, payment rights and CLO residual interests is the weighted average cost of capital, or WACC. Significant increases
(decreases) in the WACC in isolation would result in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement. In determining the WACC, for the income, or yield approach, the Company considers current market yields and multiples, portfolio company
performance, leverage levels, credit quality, among other factors, including U.S. federal tax rates, in its analysis. In the case of CLO residual interests, the Company considers prepayment, re-investment and loss assumptions based upon historical
and projected performance as well as comparable yields for other similar structured products. In the case of the tax receivable agreement ( TRA ), the Company considers the risks associated with changes in tax rates, the performance of the
portfolio company and the expected term of the investment. Changes in one or more of these factors can have a similar directional change on other factors in determining the appropriate WACC to use in the income approach.   
  The primary significant unobservable input used in the fair value measurement of the Company s equity investments and investments in
warrants is the EBITDA multiple adjusted by management for differences between the investment and referenced comparables, or the Multiple. Significant increases (decreases) in the Multiple in isolation would result in a significantly higher (lower)
fair value measurement. To determine the Multiple for the market approach, the Company considers current market trading and/or transaction multiples, portfolio company performance (financial ratios) relative to public and private peer companies and
leverage levels, among other factors. Changes in one or more of these factors can have a similar directional change on other factors in determining the appropriate Multiple to use in the market approach.   
    Investment Risk        The value of investments will generally fluctuate with, among other things, changes in prevailing interest rates, federal tax rates, counterparty risk, general economic conditions, the condition of
certain financial markets, developments or trends in any particular industry and the financial condition of the issuer. During periods of limited liquidity and higher price volatility, the Company s ability to dispose of investments at a price
and time that the Company deems advantageous may be impaired. The extent of this exposure is reflected in the carrying value of these financial assets and recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities.   
         24   

Table of Contents  

   Lower-quality debt securities involve greater risk of default or price changes due to
changes in the credit quality of the issuer. The value of lower-quality debt securities often fluctuates in response to company, political, or economic developments and can decline significantly over short periods of time or during periods of
general or regional economic difficulty. Lower-quality debt securities can be thinly traded or have restrictions on resale, making them difficult to sell at an acceptable price. The default rate for lower-quality debt securities is likely to be
higher during economic recessions or periods of high interest rates.        Security Transactions, Payment-in-Kind, Income
Recognition, Realized/Unrealized Gains or Losses        Security transactions are recorded on a trade-date basis. The Company
measures realized gains or losses by the difference between the net proceeds from the repayment or sale and the amortized cost basis of the investment, using the specific identification method. Net realized gains and losses reflects the impact of
investments written off during the period, if any. The Company reports changes in fair value of investments that are measured at fair value as a component of net change in unrealized appreciation on investments in the Consolidated Statements of
Operations. The Company reports changes in fair value of the interest rate derivative that is measured at fair value as a component of net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation on interest rate derivative in the Consolidated Statements
of Operations.      Interest income, adjusted for amortization of premium and accretion of discount, is recorded on an accrual
basis to the extent that the Company expects to collect such amounts. Dividend income is recognized on the ex-dividend date. Original issue discount, representing the estimated fair value of detachable equity or warrants obtained in conjunction with
the acquisition of debt securities and market discount or premium are capitalized and accreted or amortized into interest income over the life of the respective security using the effective yield method. The amortized cost of investments represents
the original cost adjusted for the accretion/amortization of discounts and premiums and upfront loan origination fees.      Loans
are placed on non-accrual status when principal or interest payments are past due 30 days or more and/or when it is no longer probable that principal or interest will be collected. However, the Company may make exceptions to this policy if the loan
has sufficient collateral value and is in the process of collection. The Company records the reversal of any previously accrued income against the same income category reflected in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. As of September 30,
2016, the Company had four loans from two issuers on non-accrual status with an amortized cost basis of $21,127 and fair value of $18,746. As of December 31, 2015, the Company had two loans from two issuers on non-accrual with an amortized cost
basis of $25,032 and fair value of $13,854.      The Company has investments in its portfolio which contain a contractual
paid-in-kind, or PIK, interest provision. PIK interest is computed at the contractual rate specified in each investment agreement, is added to the principal balance of the investment, and is recorded as income. The Company will cease accruing PIK
interest if there is insufficient value to support the accrual or if the Company does not expect amounts to be collectible and will generally only begin to recognize PIK income again when all principal and interest have been paid or upon the
restructuring of the investment where the interest is deemed collectable. To maintain the Company s status as a RIC, PIK interest income, which is considered investment company taxable income, must be paid out to stockholders in the form of
dividends even though the Company has not yet collected the cash. Amounts necessary to pay these dividends may come from available cash.      The following shows a rollforward of PIK income activity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:   

(1)  
  Primarily in connection with the restructuring of the Company s investments in OEM Group, Inc. and Tri-Starr Management Services, Inc. PIK income accrued in
connection with the existing loan to each portfolio company was completely reduced and is no longer receivable.     
  Interest income from the Company s TRA and CLO residual interests is recorded based upon an estimation of an effective yield to
expected maturity using anticipated cash flows. Amounts in excess of income recognized are recorded as a reduction to the cost basis of the investment. The Company monitors the anticipated cash flows from its TRA and CLO residual interests and will
adjust its effective yield periodically as needed.      The Company capitalizes and amortizes upfront loan origination fees
received in connection with the closing of investments. The unearned income from such fees is accreted into interest income over the contractual life of the loan based on the effective interest method. Upon prepayment of a loan or debt security, any
prepayment premiums, unamortized upfront loan origination fees, and unamortized discounts are recorded as interest income.      The
Company will recognize any earned exit or back-end fees into income when it believes the amounts will ultimately become collected by using either the beneficial interest model or other appropriate income recognition frameworks.   
         25   

Table of Contents  

   In certain investment transactions, the Company may provide advisory services. For services
that are separately identifiable and external evidence exists to substantiate fair value, income is recognized as earned. The Company had no income from advisory services related to portfolio companies for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015.      The Company may also generate revenue in the form of fees from the management of Greenway
and Greenway II, prepayment premiums, commitment, loan origination, structuring or due diligence fees, exit fees, portfolio company administration fees, fees for providing significant managerial assistance and consulting fees.   
    U.S. Federal Income Taxes, Including Excise Tax        The Company has elected to be taxed as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code and currently qualifies, and intends to continue to qualify each year, as a RIC under the Code. Accordingly, the Company is not
subject to federal income tax on the portion of its taxable income and gains distributed to stockholders.      In order to qualify
for favorable tax treatment as a RIC, the Company is required to distribute annually to its stockholders at least 90% of its investment company taxable income, as defined by the Code. To avoid a 4% U.S. federal excise tax on undistributed earnings,
the Company is required to distribute each calendar year the sum of (i) 98% of its ordinary income for such calendar year (ii) 98.2% of its net capital gains for the one-year period ending October 31 of that calendar year
(iii) any income recognized, but not distributed, in preceding years and on which the Company paid no U.S. federal income tax. The Company, at its discretion, may choose not to distribute all of its taxable income for the calendar year and pay
a non-deductible 4% excise tax on this income. If the Company chooses to do so, all other things being equal, this would increase expenses and reduce the amount available to be distributed to stockholders. To the extent that the Company determines
that its estimated current year annual taxable income will be in excess of estimated current year dividend distributions from such taxable income, the Company accrues excise taxes on estimated excess taxable income as taxable income is earned using
an annual effective excise tax rate.      The annual effective excise tax rate is determined by dividing the estimated annual
excise tax by the estimated annual taxable income. See also the disclosure in Note 10, Dividends, for a summary of the dividends paid. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company incurred U.S. federal excise tax and
other tax (benefit) expenses of $85 and $147, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company incurred U.S. federal excise tax and other tax expenses of $310 and $476, respectively.   
  Certain consolidated subsidiaries of the Company are subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes. These taxable entities are not
consolidated for income tax purposes and may generate income tax liabilities or assets from permanent and temporary differences in the recognition of items for financial reporting and income tax purposes at the subsidiaries.   
  The following shows the breakdown of current and deferred income tax provisions for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015:       
    These current and deferred income taxes are determined from taxable income estimates provided by
portfolio companies where the Company holds equity or equity-like investments organized as pass-through entities in its corporate subsidiaries. These tax estimates may be subject to further change once tax information is finalized for the year. As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $153 and $396, respectively, of income tax receivable was included in prepaid expenses and other assets on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. As of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, $4,384 and $3,881, respectively, were included in deferred tax liability on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities primarily relating to deferred taxes on unrealized gains on investments and other temporary
book to tax differences held in its corporate subsidiaries. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $1,403 and $1,118, respectively of deferred tax assets were included in deferred tax assets on the Consolidated Statements of
Assets and Liabilities relating to net operating loss carryforwards and unrealized losses on investments and other temporary book to tax differences that are expected to be used in future periods.   
         26   

Table of Contents  

   Under the RIC Modernization Act (the  RIC Act ), we are permitted to carry forward
capital losses incurred in taxable years beginning after December 22, 2010, for an unlimited period. However, any losses incurred during post-enactment taxable years will be required to be utilized prior to the losses incurred in pre-enactment
taxable years, which carry an expiration date. As a result of this ordering rule, pre-enactment capital loss carryforwards may be more likely to expire unused. Additionally, post-enactment capital loss carryforwards will retain their character as
either short-term or long-term capital losses rather than being considered all short-term as permitted under the rules applicable to pre-enactment capital losses.      Because U.S. federal income tax regulations differ from GAAP, distributions in accordance with tax regulations may differ from net investment income and realized gains recognized for financial reporting
purposes. Differences may be permanent or temporary. Permanent differences are reclassified among capital accounts in the consolidated financial statements to reflect their tax character. Temporary differences arise when certain items of income,
expense, gain or loss are recognized at some time in the future. Differences in classification may also result from the treatment of short-term gains as ordinary income for tax purposes.   
  The Company follows the provisions under the authoritative guidance on accounting for and disclosure of uncertainty in tax positions. The
provisions require management to determine whether a tax position of the Company is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the
position. For tax positions not meeting the more likely than not threshold, the tax amount recognized in the consolidated financial statements is reduced by the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon
ultimate settlement with the relevant taxing authority. There are no unrecognized tax benefits or obligations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Although the Company files U.S. federal and state tax returns, the Company s
major tax jurisdiction is U.S. federal. The Company s inception-to-date U.S. federal tax years remain subject to examination by taxing authorities.        Dividends        Dividends and distributions to stockholders are recorded
on the applicable record date. The amount to be paid out as a dividend is determined by the Company s board of directors on a quarterly basis. Net realized capital gains, if any, are generally distributed at least annually out of assets legally
available for such distributions, although the Company may decide to retain such capital gains for investment.      Capital
transactions in connection with the Company s dividend reinvestment plan are recorded when shares are issued.   
    Recent Accounting Pronouncements        In August 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2014 15,  Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic 205   40): Disclosure of Uncertainties About an
Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern  ( ASU 2014-15 ). ASU 2014-15 requires management to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a
going concern, and to provide certain disclosures when it is probable that the entity will be unable to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. ASU 2014-15 is effective for
annual periods ending after December 31, 2016 and interim periods thereafter, with early adoption permitted. Since this guidance is primarily around certain disclosures to the financial statements, we anticipate no impact on our financial position,
results of operations or cash flows from adopting this standard. We are currently assessing the additional disclosure requirements, if any, of ASU 2014-15.      In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02,  Consolidation (Topic 810)   Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis,  which amends the current consolidation guidance and ends the deferral
granted to investment companies from applying the VIE guidance. ASU 2015-02 changes the manner in which a reporting entity assesses one of the five characteristics that determine if an entity is a variable interest entity. ASU 2015-2 will be
effective for annual reporting periods in fiscal years and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company adopted this standard effective January 1, 2016. The adoption did not have an impact on the Company s
consolidated financial statements.      In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt
Issuance Costs (Topic 835),  which amends the presentation of debt issuance costs on an entity s balance sheet. Under ASU 2015-03, an entity would present debt issuance costs as a direct deduction from the carrying value of the associated
liability instead of a separate deferred asset. ASU 2015-03 will be effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company has adopted this standard effective January 1, 2016. The adoption
resulted in a change in the presentation and disclosure of deferred financing costs, loans payable and notes payable to the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities.      In May 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-07,  Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities that Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or its Equivalent), 
which amends the presentation of investments measured at net asset value, as a practical expedient for fair value, from the fair value hierarchy. Under ASU 2015-07, an entity would remove investments measured using the practical expedient from the
fair value hierarchy. ASU 2015-07 is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015 and early adoption is permitted. The Company adopted the ASU during the quarter ended March 31, 2016, which did not
have an impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements other than updating the required disclosures around fair value measurements.      In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial Instruments Overall , which makes limited amendments to the guidance in U.S. GAAP on the classification and measurement of financial
instruments. The new standard significantly revises an entity s accounting related to (1) the classification and measurement of investments in equity securities and (2) the presentation of certain fair value changes for financial
liabilities measured at fair value. It also amends certain disclosure requirements associated with the fair value of financial instruments. ASU 2016-01 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods
therein. Early adoption is permitted specifically for the amendments pertaining to the presentation of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities measured at fair value. Early adoption of all other amendments is not permitted.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-01 on its consolidated financial statements.   
         27   

Table of Contents  

   In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers
(Topic 606),  which amends the criteria for revenue recognition where an entity enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or where there is a transfer of nonfinancial assets. Under ASU 2016-10, an entity should
recognize revenue in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. ASU 2016-10 will be effective for annual and interim reporting periods after December 15,
2018. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-10 on its consolidated financial statements.   
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) , which seeks to reduce diversity in how
certain cash payments are presented in the Statement of Cash Flows. Under ASU 2016-15, an entity will need to conform to the presentation as prescribed for eight specific cash flow issues. ASU 2016-15 will be effective for annual and interim
reporting periods after December 15, 2017. The application of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.       3. Investments       The following is a summary of the levels within the fair
value hierarchy in which the Company invests as of September 30, 2016:       
    The following is a summary of the levels within the fair value hierarchy in which the Company invests as
of December 31, 2015:       

(1)  
  Certain investments that are measured at fair value using net asset value have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in
this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities.     
         28   

Table of Contents  

   The following is a summary of the industry classification in which the Company invests as of
September 30, 2016:       
    The following is a summary of the industry classification in which the Company
invests as of December 31, 2015   (1)   :   

(1)  
  Certain portfolio companies were reclassified to conform to current year presentation.     
  The following is a summary of the geographical concentration of our investment portfolio as of September 30, 2016:   

29   

Table of Contents  

   The following is a summary of the geographical concentration of our investment portfolio as
of December 31, 2015:       
    The following table rolls forward the changes in fair value during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 for
investments classified within Level 3:       

(1)  
  All unrealized appreciation (depreciation) in the table above is reflected in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations.     

(2)  
  Includes reorganizations and restructurings of investments.        The following table rolls forward the changes in fair value during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 for investments classified within Level 3:   

(1)  
  All unrealized appreciation (depreciation) in the table above is reflected in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations.     

(2)  
  Includes reorganizations and restructurings of investments.     

(3)  
  Represents transfer of Surgery Center Holdings, Inc. from Level 3 to Level 2 because of availability of observable inputs at the reporting date. Transfers are assumed
to have occurred at the beginning of the period.     
         30   

Table of Contents  

     Unconsolidated Significant Subsidiaries     
  In accordance with the SEC s Regulation S-X and GAAP, the Company is not permitted to consolidate any subsidiary or other entity that
is not an investment company or a controlled operating company whose business consists of providing services to the company, including those in which the Company has a controlling interest. The Company had certain unconsolidated subsidiaries, which
met at least one of the significance conditions under Rule 1-02(w) of the SEC s Regulation S-X for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Accordingly, summarized, comparative financial information, is presented below for our
significant unconsolidated subsidiaries which include C K Market, Inc., OEM Group, LLC, THL Credit Logan JV, LLC, Thibaut, Inc. and Tri-Starr Management Services, Inc. for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and C K Market, Inc.,
Dimont   Associates, Inc., THL Credit Logan JV, LLC, and Thibaut, Inc., for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.       
      THL Credit Logan JV LLC        On December 3, 2014, the Company entered into an agreement with Perspecta Trident LLC, an affiliate of Perspecta Trust LLC, or Perspecta, to create THL Credit Logan JV LLC, or Logan JV, a joint
venture, which invests primarily in senior secured first lien term loans. All Logan JV investment decisions must be unanimously approved by the Logan JV investment committee consisting of one representative from each of the Company and Perspecta.
     The Company has determined that Logan JV is an investment company under ASC 946, however, in accordance with such guidance,
the Company will generally not consolidate its investment in a company other than a wholly owned investment company subsidiary or a controlled operating company whose business consists of providing services to the Company. Accordingly, the Company
does not consolidate its non-controlling interest in Logan JV.      Logan JV is capitalized with capital contributions which are
generally called from its members, on a pro-rata basis based on their capital commitments, as transactions are completed. Any decision by the Logan JV to call down on capital commitments requires the explicit authorization of the Company, coupled
with that of Perspecta, and the Company may withhold such authorization for any reason in its sole discretion.      As of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, Logan JV had the following commitments, contributions and unfunded commitments from its Members.       
 
         31   

Table of Contents  

   On December 17, 2014, Logan JV entered into a senior credit facility, or the Logan JV
Credit Facility, with Deutsche Bank AG which allows Logan JV to borrow up to $50,000 subject to leverage and borrowing base restrictions. Throughout the course of 2015 and 2016, in accordance with the terms of the Logan JV Credit Facility, Deutsche
Bank AG and other banks increased the commitment amount to $135,000. The amended revolving loan period ends on February 18, 2018 and the final maturity date is February 18, 2021. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
Logan JV had $129,257 and $108,137 outstanding debt under the credit facility, respectively. The Logan JV Credit Facility bears interest at three month LIBOR (with no LIBOR floor) plus 2.50%. As of September 30, 2016, the effective interest rate on
the Logan JV Credit Facility was 3.22% per annum.      As of September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, Logan JV had
total investments at fair value of $203,362 and $161,911, respectively. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, Logan JV s portfolio was comprised of senior secured first lien loans and a second lien loan to 95 and 85
different borrowers, respectively. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, none of these loans were on non-accrual status. Additionally, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, Logan JV had unfunded commitments to fund
revolver and delayed draw loans to its portfolio companies totaling $712 and $342, respectively. The portfolio companies in Logan JV are in industries similar to those in which the Company may invest directly.   
  Below is a summary of Logan JV s portfolio, followed by a listing of the individual loans in Logan JV s portfolio as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:       

(1)  
  At current principal amount.     

(2)  
  Weighted average yield at their current cost.        For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company s share of income from distributions related to its Logan JV LLC equity interest was $2,000 and $1,200, respectively, which
amounts are included in dividend income and realized gains from controlled investments in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company s share of income from distributions
declared related to its Logan JV LLC equity interest was $5,360 and $2,304, respectively, which amounts are included in dividend income and realized gains from controlled investments in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. As of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $2,956 and $1,900, respectively, of income related to the Logan JV was included in interest, dividends and fees receivable on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. As of
September 30, 2016, dividend income and realized gains of $2,000 was recognized for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and represented a dividend yield to the Company of 13.6% based upon average equity invested. As of December 31,
2015, dividend income earned of $1,520 for the quarter ended December 31, 2015, represented a dividend yield to the Company of 12.8% based upon average equity invested.   
         32   

Table of Contents  

    Logan JV Loan Portfolio as of September 30, 2016    
   (dollar amounts in thousands)        
 
         33   

Table of Contents  

34   

Table of Contents  

35   

Table of Contents  

(1)  
  Variable interest rates indexed to 30-day, 60-day, 90-day or 180-day LIBOR rates, at the borrower s option. LIBOR rates may be subject to interest rate floors.

(2)  
  Represents fair value in accordance with ASC Topic 820. The determination of such fair value is not included in our board of director s valuation process described
elsewhere herein.     

(5)  
  At the option of the issuer, interest can be paid in cash or cash and PIK. The percentage of PIK shown is the maximum PIK that can be elected by the company.
        Logan JV Loan Portfolio as of December 31, 2015    
   (dollar amounts in thousands)        
 
         36   

Table of Contents  

37   

Table of Contents  

38   

Table of Contents  

39   

Table of Contents  

(1)  
  Variable interest rates indexed to 30-day, 60-day, 90-day or 180-day LIBOR rates, at the borrower s option. LIBOR rates are subject to interest rate floors.

(2)  
  Represents fair value in accordance with ASC Topic 820. The determination of such fair value is not included in our board of director s valuation process described
elsewhere herein.     

40   

Table of Contents  

   Below is certain summarized financial information for Logan JV as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:       Selected Balance
Sheet Information:        
     Selected Statement of Operations Information:    

Investment in Tax Receivable Agreement Payment Rights        In June 2012,
the Company invested in a TRA that entitles it to certain payment rights, or TRA Payment Rights, from Duff   Phelps Corporation, or Duff   Phelps. The TRA transfers the economic value of certain tax deductions, or tax benefits,
taken by Duff   Phelps to the Company and entitles the Company to a stream of payments to be received. The TRA payment right is, in effect, a subordinated claim on the issuing company which can be valued based on the credit risk of the
issuer, which includes projected future earnings, the liquidity of the underlying payment right, risk of tax law changes, the effective tax rate and any other factors which might impact the value of the payment right.   
         41   

Table of Contents  

   Through the TRA, the Company is entitled to receive an annual tax benefit payment based upon
85% of the savings from certain deductions along with interest. The payments that the Company is entitled to receive result from cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state or local income tax that Duff   Phelps realizes (i) from the
tax savings derived from the goodwill and other intangibles created in connection with the Duff   Phelps initial public offering and (ii) from other income tax deductions. These tax benefit payments will continue until the relevant
deductions are fully utilized, which is projected to be 16 years. Pursuant to the TRA, the Company maintains the right to enforce Duff   Phelps payment obligations as a transferee of the TRA contract. If Duff   Phelps chooses to
pre-pay and terminate the TRA, the Company will be entitled to the present value of the expected future TRA payments. If Duff   Phelps breaches any material obligation than all obligations are accelerated and calculated as if an early
termination occurred. Failure to make a payment is a breach of a material obligation if the failure occurs for more than three months.      The projected annual tax benefit payment will be accrued on a quarterly basis and paid annually. The payment will be allocated between a reduction in the cost basis of the investment and interest income
based upon an amortization schedule. Based upon the characteristics of the investment, the Company has chosen to categorize the investment in the TRA payment rights as investment in payment rights in the fair value hierarchy. The amortized cost
basis and fair value of the TRA as of September 30, 2016 was $11,482 and $13,559, respectively. The amortized cost basis and fair value of the TRA as of December 31, 2015 was $11,482 and $13,307, respectively. For the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized interest income totaling $509 and $1,509, respectively, related to the TRA. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company recognized interest income totaling $508 and
$1,509, respectively, related to the TRA.        Managed Funds     
  The Advisor and its affiliates may also manage other funds in the future that may have investment mandates that are similar, in whole and
in part, with ours. For example, the Advisor may serve as investment adviser to one or more private funds, registered closed-end funds and collateralized loan obligations (CLO). In addition, the Company s officers may serve in similar
capacities for one or more private funds, registered closed-end funds and CLOs. The Advisor and its affiliates may determine that an investment is appropriate for us and for one or more of those other funds. In such event, depending on the
availability of such investment and other appropriate factors, the Advisor or its affiliates may determine that the Company should invest side- by-side with one or more other funds. The Advisor s policies will also be designed to manage and
mitigate the conflicts of interest associated with the allocation of investment opportunities if we are able to co-invest, either pursuant to SEC interpretive positions or an exemptive order, with other funds managed by the Advisor and its
affiliates. As a result, the Advisor and/or its affiliates may face conflicts in allocating investment opportunities between us and such other entities. Although the Advisor and its affiliates will endeavor to allocate investment opportunities in a
fair and equitable manner and consistent with applicable allocation procedures, it is possible that, in the future, we may not be given the opportunity to participate in investments made by investment funds managed by the Advisor or its affiliates.
     The 1940 Act generally prohibits BDCs from making certain negotiated co-investments with affiliates absent an order from the
SEC permitting the BDC to do so. The SEC staff has granted the Company relief sought in an exemptive application that expands its ability to co-invest in portfolio companies with other funds managed by the Adviser or its affiliates ( Affiliated
Funds ) in a manner consistent with our investment objective, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors, subject to compliance with certain conditions (the
 Order ). Pursuant to the Order, the Company is permitted to co-invest with Affiliated Funds if a  required majority  (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) or the Company s independent directors make certain
conclusions in connection with a co-investment transaction, including that (1) the terms of the transactions, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to the Company and its stockholders and do not involve overreaching by
the Company or its stockholders on the part of any person concerned (2) the transaction is consistent with the interests of the Company s stockholders and is consistent with its investment objective and strategies.   
   Greenway    
  On January 14, 2011, THL Credit Greenway Fund LLC, or Greenway, was formed as a Delaware limited liability company. Greenway is a
portfolio company of the Company. Greenway is a closed-end investment fund which provides for no liquidity or redemption options and is not readily marketable. Greenway operates under a limited liability agreement dated January 19, 2011, or the
Agreement. Greenway will continue in existence until January 14, 2021, subject to earlier termination pursuant to certain terms of the Agreement. The term may also be extended for up to three additional one-year periods pursuant to certain
terms of the Agreement. Greenway had a two year investment period.      Greenway had $150,000 of capital committed by affiliates of
a single institutional investor and is managed by the Company. The Company s capital commitment to Greenway is $15. The Company s nominal investment in Greenway is reflected in the September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015
Consolidated Schedules of Investments. As of September 30, 2016, all of Greenway s committed capital has been fully called.      The Company acts as the investment adviser to Greenway and is entitled to receive certain fees relating to its investment management services provided, including a base management fee, a performance fee
and a portion of the closing fees on each investment transaction. As a result, Greenway is classified as an affiliate of the Company. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company earned $70 and $226, respectively, in fees
related to Greenway, which are included in other income from non-controlled, affiliated investments in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For the three and nine months   
         42   

Table of Contents  

ended September 30, 2015, the Company earned $101 and $492, respectively, in fees related to Greenway, which are included in other income from non-controlled, affiliated investments in the
Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $122 and $145 of fees related to Greenway, respectively, were included in due from affiliate on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities.
     Greenway invested in securities similar to those of the Company pursuant to investment and allocation guidelines which
address, among other things, the size of the borrowers, the types of transactions and the concentration and investment ratio amongst Greenway and the Company. However, the Company has the discretion to invest in other securities.   
   Greenway II       On January 31, 2013, THL Credit Greenway Fund II, LLC, or Greenway II LLC, was formed as a Delaware limited liability company and is a portfolio company of the Company. Greenway II LLC is a
closed-end investment fund which provides for no liquidity or redemption options and is not readily marketable. Greenway II LLC operates under a limited liability agreement dated February 11, 2013, as amended, or the Greenway II LLC Agreement.
Greenway II LLC will continue until October 10, 2021, subject to earlier termination pursuant to certain terms of the Greenway II LLC Agreement. The term may also be extended for up to three additional one-year periods pursuant to certain terms of
the Greenway II LLC Agreement. Greenway II LLC has a two year investment period.      As contemplated in the Greenway II LLC
Agreement, the Company has established a related investment vehicle and entered into an investment management agreement with an account set up by an unaffiliated third party investor to invest alongside Greenway II LLC pursuant to similar economic
terms. The account is also managed by the Company. References to  Greenway II  herein include Greenway II LLC and the account of the related investment vehicle. Greenway II had $186,500 of capital commitments primarily from institutional
investors. The Company s capital commitment to Greenway II is $5. The Company s nominal investment in Greenway II LLC is reflected in the September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 Consolidated Schedules of Investments. Greenway II
LLC is managed by the Company. As of September 30, 2016, all of Greenway II s committed capital has been fully called.   
  The Company acts as the investment adviser to Greenway II and is entitled to receive certain fees relating to its investment management
services provided, including a base management fee, a performance fee and a portion of the closing fees on each investment transaction. As a result, Greenway II is classified as an affiliate of the Company. For the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, the Company earned $303 and $1,012, respectively, in fees related to Greenway II, which are included in other income from non-controlled, affiliated investments in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company earned $399 and $1,254, respectively, in fees related to Greenway II, which are included in other income from non-controlled, affiliated investments in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $351 and $448, respectively, of fees related to Greenway II were included in due from affiliate on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. As of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, there was no interest owed to Greenway II.      Other deferred assets consist of placement agent expenses incurred in
connection with the offer and sale of partnership interests in Greenway II. These costs are capitalized when the partner signs the Greenway II subscription agreement and are recognized as an expense over the period when the Company expects to
collect management fees from Greenway II. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized $56 and $169, respectively, in expenses related to placement agent expenses, which are included in other general and
administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company recognized $56 and $169, respectively, in expenses related to placement agent expenses, which are included
in other general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $206 and $375, respectively, was included in other deferred assets on the Consolidated Statements of
Assets and Liabilities.      Greenway II invested in securities similar to those of the Company pursuant to investment and
allocation guidelines which address, among other things, the size of the borrowers, the types of transactions and the concentration and investment ratio amongst Greenway II and the Company. However, the Company has the discretion to invest in other
securities.   
         43   

Table of Contents  

     CLO Residual Interests     
  As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had investments in the CLO residual interests, or subordinated
notes, which can also be structured as income notes. The subordinated notes are subordinated to the secured notes issued in connection with each CLO. The secured notes in each structure are collateralized by portfolios consisting primarily of
broadly syndicated senior secured bank loans.      The following table shows a summary of the Company investments in CLO residual
interests:       
    The subordinated notes and income notes do not have a stated rate of interest, but are entitled to receive
distributions on quarterly payment dates subject to the priority of payments to secured note holders in the structures if and to the extent funds are available for such purpose. The payments on the subordinated notes and income notes are
subordinated not only to the interest and principal claims of all secured notes issued, but to certain administrative expenses, taxes, and the base and subordinated fees paid to the collateral manager. Payments to the subordinated notes and income
notes may vary significantly quarter to quarter for a variety of reasons and may be subject to 100% loss. Investments in subordinated notes and income notes, due to the structure of the CLO, can be significantly impacted by change in the market
value of the assets, the distributions on the assets, defaults and recoveries on the assets, capital gains and losses on the assets along with prices, interest rates and other risks associated with the assets.   
  For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized interest income totaling $485 and $1,676,
respectively, related to CLO residual interests. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company recognized interest income totaling $746 and $3,040, respectively, related to CLO residual interests.   
    Revolving and Unfunded Delayed Draw Loans        For the Company s investments in revolving and delayed draw loans, the cost basis of the investments purchased is adjusted for the cash received for the discount on the total balance committed. The
fair value is also adjusted for price appreciation or depreciation on the unfunded portion. As a result, the purchase of commitments not completely funded may result in a negative value until it is offset by the future amounts called and funded.
      4. Related Party Transactions         Investment Management Agreement        On March 8, 2016, the
Company s investment management agreement was re-approved by its board of directors, including a majority of its directors who are not interested persons of the Company. Under the investment management agreement, the Advisor, subject to the
overall supervision of the Company s board of directors, manages the day-to-day operations of, and provides investment advisory services to the Company.      The Advisor receives a fee for investment advisory and management services consisting of a base management fee and a two-part incentive fee.   
  The base management fee is calculated at an annual rate of 1.5% of the Company s gross assets payable quarterly in arrears on a
calendar quarter basis. For purposes of calculating the base management fee,  gross assets  is determined as the value of the Company s assets without deduction for any liabilities. The base management fee is calculated based on the
value of the Company s gross assets at the end of the most recently completed calendar quarter, and appropriately adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the current calendar quarter.   
  For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred base management fees of $2,678 and $8,390, respectively. For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company incurred base management fees of $2,991 and $8,885, respectively. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $2,678 and $2,944, respectively, was payable to the
Advisor.   
         44   

Table of Contents  

   The incentive fee has two components, ordinary income and capital gains, as follows:
     The ordinary income component is calculated, and payable, quarterly in arrears based on the Company s preincentive fee
net investment income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter, subject to a cumulative total return requirement and to deferral of non-cash amounts. The preincentive fee net investment income, which is expressed as a rate of return on the
value of the Company s net assets attributable to the Company s common stock, for the immediately preceding calendar quarter, will have a 2.0% (which is 8.0% annualized) hurdle rate (also referred to as  minimum income level ).
Preincentive fee net investment income means interest income, amortization of original issue discount, commitment and origination fees, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees, such as, structuring, diligence, managerial
assistance and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus the Company s operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee, expenses payable under the
Company s administration agreement (discussed below), and any interest expense and any dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the incentive fee and any offering expenses and other expenses not charged to
operations but excluding certain reversals to the extent such reversals have the effect of reducing previously accrued incentive fees based on the deferral of non-cash interest. Preincentive fee net investment income includes, in the case of
investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with PIK interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that we have not yet received in cash. The Advisor receives no incentive fee for any
calendar quarter in which the Company s preincentive fee net investment income does not exceed the minimum income level. Subject to the cumulative total return requirement described below, the Advisor receives 100% of the Company s
preincentive fee net investment income for any calendar quarter with respect to that portion of the preincentive net investment income for such quarter, if any, that exceeds the minimum income level but is less than 2.5% (which is 10.0% annualized)
of net assets (also referred to as the  catch-up  provision) and 20.0% of the Company s preincentive fee net investment income for such calendar quarter, if any, greater than 2.5% (10.0% annualized) of net assets. The foregoing
incentive fee is subject to a total return requirement, which provides that no incentive fee in respect of the Company s preincentive fee net investment income is payable except to the extent 20.0% of the cumulative net increase in net assets
resulting from operations over the then current and 11 preceding calendar quarters exceeds the cumulative incentive fees accrued and/or paid for the 11 preceding quarters. In other words, any ordinary income incentive fee that is payable in a
calendar quarter is limited to the lesser of (i) 20% of the amount by which the Company s preincentive fee net investment income for such calendar quarter exceeds the 2.0% hurdle, subject to the  catch- up  provision, and
(ii) (x) 20% of the cumulative net increase in net assets resulting from operations for the then current and 11 preceding quarters minus (y) the cumulative incentive fees accrued and/or paid for the 11 preceding calendar quarters. For
the foregoing purpose, the  cumulative net increase in net assets resulting from operations  is the amount, if positive, of the sum of the Company s preincentive fee net investment income, base management fees, realized gains and
losses and unrealized appreciation and depreciation for the then current and 11 preceding calendar quarters. In addition, the portion of such incentive fee that is attributable to deferred interest (sometimes referred to as payment-in-kind interest,
or PIK, or original issue discount, or OID) will be paid to THL Credit Advisors, together with interest thereon from the date of deferral to the date of payment, only if and to the extent we actually receive such interest in cash, and any accrual
thereof will be reversed if and to the extent such interest is reversed in connection with any write-off or similar treatment of the investment giving rise to any deferred interest accrual. There is no accumulation of amounts on the hurdle rate from
quarter to quarter and accordingly there is no clawback of amounts previously paid if subsequent quarters are below the quarterly hurdle rate and there is no delay of payment if prior quarters are below the quarterly hurdle rate.   
  For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred $2,624 and $2,654, respectively, of incentive fees
related to ordinary income. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company incurred $2,912 and $8,873, respectively, of incentive fees related to ordinary income. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
$2,483 and $2,903, respectively, of such incentive fees are currently payable to the Advisor. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $1,435 and $1,340, respectively of incentive fees incurred by the Company were generated from
deferred interest (i.e. PIK, certain discount accretion and deferred interest) and are not payable until such amounts are received in cash.      The second component of the incentive fee (capital gains incentive fee) is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the investment management
agreement, as of the termination date). This component is equal to 20.0% of the cumulative aggregate realized capital gains from inception through the end of that calendar year, computed net of the cumulative aggregate realized capital losses and
cumulative aggregate unrealized capital depreciation through the end of such year. The aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gains incentive fees is subtracted from such capital gains incentive fee calculated. There was no capital gains
incentive fee payable to our Advisor under the investment management agreement as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.   
         45   

Table of Contents  

   GAAP requires that the incentive fee accrual considers the cumulative aggregate realized
gains and losses and unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation of investments or other financial instruments, such as an interest rate derivative, in the calculation, as an incentive fee would be payable if such realized gains and losses or
unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation were realized, even though such realized gains and losses and unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation is not permitted to be considered in calculating the fee actually payable under the
investment management agreement ( GAAP Incentive Fee ). There can be no assurance that such unrealized appreciation or depreciation will be realized in the future. Accordingly, such fee, as calculated and accrued, would not necessarily be
payable under the investment management agreement, and may never be paid based upon the computation of incentive fees in subsequent periods. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company incurred no incentive fees
related to the GAAP Incentive Fee.        Administration Agreement     
  The Company has also entered into an administration agreement with the Advisor under which the Advisor will provide administrative
services to the Company. Under the administration agreement, the Advisor performs, or oversees the performance of administrative services necessary for the operation of the Company, which include, among other things, being responsible for the
financial records which the Company is required to maintain and preparing reports to the Company s stockholders and reports filed with the SEC. In addition, the Advisor assists in determining and publishing the Company s net asset value,
oversees the preparation and filing of the Company s tax returns and the printing and dissemination of reports to the Company s stockholders, and generally oversees the payment of the Company s expenses and the performance of
administrative and professional services rendered to the Company by others. The Company will reimburse the Advisor for its allocable portion of the costs and expenses incurred by the Advisor for overhead in performance by the Advisor of its duties
under the administration agreement and the investment management agreement, including facilities, office equipment and our allocable portion of cost of compensation and related expenses of our chief financial officer and chief compliance officer and
their respective staffs, as well as any costs and expenses incurred by the Advisor relating to any administrative or operating services provided by the Advisor to the Company. Such costs are reflected as administrator expenses in the accompanying
Consolidated Statements of Operations. Under the administration agreement, the Advisor provides, on behalf of the Company, managerial assistance to those portfolio companies to which the Company is required to provide such assistance. To the extent
that our Advisor outsources any of its functions, the Company pays the fees associated with such functions on a direct basis without profit to the Advisor.      For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred administrator expenses of $888 and $2,708, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the
Company incurred administrator expenses of $912 and $2,782, respectively. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $38 and $45, respectively, was due to the Advisor for administrator expenses.   
    License Agreement        The Company and the Advisor have entered into a license agreement with THL Partners, L.P., or THL Partners, under which THL Partners has granted to the Company and the Advisor a non-exclusive, personal,
revocable, worldwide, non-transferable license to use the trade name and service mark  THL , which is a proprietary mark of THL Partners, for specified purposes in connection with the Company s and the Advisor s respective businesses.
This license agreement is royalty-free, which means the Company is not charged a fee for its use of the trade name and service mark  THL . The license agreement is terminable either in its entirety or with respect to the Company or the Advisor
by THL Partners at any time in its sole discretion upon 60 days prior written notice, and is also terminable with respect to either the Company or the Advisor by THL Partners in the case of certain events of non-compliance. After the expiration of
its first one year term, the entire license agreement is terminable by either the Company or the Advisor at the Company or its sole discretion upon 60 days prior written notice. Upon termination of the license agreement, the Company and the Advisor
must cease to use the name and mark  THL , including any use in the Company s respective legal names, filings, listings and other uses that may require the Company to withdraw or replace the Company s names and marks. Other than with
respect to the limited rights contained in the license agreement, the Company and the Advisor have no right to use, or other rights in respect of, the  THL  name and mark. The Company is an entity operated independently from THL Partners, and
third parties who deal with the Company have no recourse against THL Partners.        Due To and From Affiliates
       The Advisor paid certain other general and administrative expenses on behalf of the Company. As of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, there were $27 and $36, respectively, due to affiliate, which was included in accrued expenses and other payables on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities.   
  As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company owed $38 and $45, respectively, of Administrator expense to the
Advisor, which was included in accrued expenses and other payables on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities.   
         46   

Table of Contents  

   As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company incurred $14 and $93,
respectively, of other general and administrative expense on behalf of the Advisor, which was included in due from affiliates on the Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities.   
  The Company acts as the investment adviser to Greenway and Greenway II and is entitled to receive certain fees. As a result, Greenway and
Greenway II are classified as affiliates of the Company. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $474 and $593 of total fees and expenses related to Greenway and Greenway II, respectively, were included in due from affiliate on the
Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities.       5. Realized Gains and Losses on Investments, net of income tax provision
      The following shows the breakdown of realized gains and losses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015:       

(1)         
        On March 14,
2016, as part of a further restructuring of the business, the cost basis of the Company s equity interest totaling $6,569 and subordinated term loan totaling $4,474 was converted to an equity interest in an affiliated entity valued at $129. In
connection with the restructuring, the Company recognized a realized loss in the amount of $10,914, which was offset by a $10,777 change in unrealized appreciation.      

(2)         
        On March 17,
2016, as part of a restructuring of the business, the cost basis of the Company s first lien loans totaling $33,242 was converted to a new first lien senior secured term loan of $18,703 and a controlled equity interest in an affiliated entity
valued at $8,313. In connection with the restructuring, the Company recognized a realized loss of $6,226, which was offset by a $5,575 change in unrealized appreciation. Additionally, the Company made a $4,660 investment in a first lien senior
secured revolving loan as part of a $7,000 commitment.      

(3)         
        On July 1,
2016, as part of the restructuring, the Company exchanged the cost basis of its senior secured loans totaling $14,705 for a new senior secured term loan of $7,000, a debt-like preferred equity position, valued at $1,114, and 10% warrants. As result
of the restructuring, the Company recognized a $6,574 loss on conversion to preferred equity, which was offset by a $5,074 change in unrealized appreciation. Additionally, the Company made a $1,500 investment in a first lien senior secured term
loan.      

(4)         
        On July 22,
2016, as part of the restructuring, the Company exchanged the cost basis of its subordinated debt totaling $20,558 for a controlled equity position of an affiliate of Tri-Starr Management Services, Inc. valued at $3,136. As result of the
restructuring, the Company recognized a $17,422 loss on conversion of its subordinated debt investment to common equity, which was offset by a $17,422 change in unrealized appreciation. Additionally, the Company made a $8,807 investment in first
lien senior secured term loans.      
         47   

Table of Contents  

    6. Net Increase in Net Assets Per Share Resulting from Operations    
  The following information sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net increase in net assets per share resulting from operations:
      
    Diluted net increase in net assets per share resulting from operations equals basic net increase in net
assets per share resulting from operations for each period because there were no common stock equivalents outstanding during the above periods.   
   7. Borrowings       The
following shows a summary of the Company s borrowings as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:       

Credit Facility     
  On August 19, 2015, the Company entered into an amendment, or the Revolving Amendment, to its existing revolving credit agreement, or
Revolving Facility, and entered into an amendment, or the Term Loan Amendment, to its Term Loan Facility. The Revolving Facility and Term Loan Facility are collectively referred to as the Facilities.   
  The Revolving Amendment revised the Facility dated April 30, 2014 to, among other things, extend the maturity date from April 2018 to
August 2020 (with a one year term out period beginning in August 2019). The one year term out period is the one year anniversary between the revolver termination date, or the end of the availability period, and the maturity date. During this time,
the Company is required to make mandatory prepayments on its loans from the proceeds it receives from the sale of assets, extraordinary receipts, returns of capital or the issuances of equity or debt. The Revolving Facility has an interest rate of
LIBOR plus 2.5% (with no LIBOR floor). The non-use fee is 1.0% annually if the Company uses 35% or less of the Revolving Facility and 0.50% annually if the Company uses more than 35% of the Revolving Facility. The Company elects the LIBOR rate on
the loans outstanding on its Revolving Facility, which can have a LIBOR period that is one, two, three or nine months. The LIBOR rate on the borrowings outstanding on its Revolving Facility currently has a one month LIBOR period.   
         48   

Table of Contents  

   The Term Loan Amendment revised the Term Loan Facility dated April 30, 2014 to, among
other things, extend the maturity date from April 2019 to August 2021. The Term Loan Amendment also changes the interest rate of the Term Loan Facility to LIBOR plus 2.75% (with no LIBOR Floor) and has substantially similar terms to the existing
Revolving Facility (as amended by the Revolving Amendment). The Company elects the LIBOR rate on its Term Loan, which can have a LIBOR period that is one, two, three or nine months. The LIBOR rate on its Term Loan currently has a one month LIBOR
period.      Each of the Facilities includes an accordion feature permitting the Company to expand the Facilities if certain
conditions are satisfied; provided, however, that the aggregate amount of the Facilities, collectively, is capped at $600,000.   
  The Facilities generally require payment of interest on a quarterly basis for ABR loans (commonly based on the Prime Rate or the Federal
Funds Rate), and at the end of the applicable interest period for Eurocurrency loans bearing interest at LIBOR, the interest rate benchmark used to determine the variable rates paid on the Facilities. LIBOR maturities can range between one and nine
months at the election of the Company. All outstanding principal is due upon each maturity date. The Facilities also require a mandatory prepayment of interest and principal upon certain customary triggering events (including, without limitation,
the disposition of assets or the issuance of certain securities).      Borrowings under the Facilities are subject to, among other
things, a minimum borrowing/collateral base. The Facilities have certain collateral requirements and/or covenants, including, but not limited to covenants related to: (a) limitations on the incurrence of additional indebtedness and liens,
(b) limitations on certain investments, (c) limitations on certain restricted payments, (d) limitations on the creation or existence of agreements that prohibit liens on certain properties of the Company and its subsidiaries, and
(e) compliance with certain financial maintenance standards including (i) minimum stockholders  equity, (ii) a ratio of total assets (less total liabilities not represented by senior securities) to the aggregate amount of senior
securities representing indebtedness, of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries, of not less than 2.00, (iii) minimum liquidity, (iv) minimum net worth, and (v) a consolidated interest coverage ratio. In addition to the
financial maintenance standards, described in the preceding sentence, borrowings under the Facilities (and the incurrence of certain other permitted debt) are subject to compliance with a borrowing base that applies different advance rates to
different types of assets in the Company s portfolio.      The credit agreements governing the Facilities also include default
provisions such as the failure to make timely payments under the Facilities, the occurrence of a change in control, and the failure by the Company to materially perform under the operative agreements governing the Facilities, which, if not complied
with, could, at the option of the lenders under the Facilities, accelerate repayment under the Facilities, thereby materially and adversely affecting the Company s liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. Each loan originated
under the Revolving Facility is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. The Company cannot be assured that it will be able to borrow funds under the Revolving Facility at any particular time or at all. The Company is currently in
compliance with all financial covenants under the Facilities.      For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company
borrowed $98,250 and repaid $153,250 under the Facilities. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company borrowed $120,000 and repaid $139,500 under the Facilities.   
  As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the carrying amount of the Company s outstanding Facilities approximated
fair value. The fair values of the Company s Facilities are determined in accordance with ASC 820, which defines fair value in terms of the price that would be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
at the measurement date under current market conditions. The fair value of the Company s Facilities is estimated based upon market interest rates and entities with similar credit risk. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
the Facilities would be deemed to be Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.      Interest expense and related fees, excluding
amortization of deferred financing costs, of $2,050 and $2,310, respectively, were incurred in connection with the Facilities for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Interest expense and related fees, excluding amortization of
deferred financing costs, of $6,198 and $6,872, respectively, were incurred in connection with the Facilities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Amortization of deferred financing costs of $260 and $627, respectively, were
incurred in connection with the Facilities for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Amortization of deferred financing costs of $775 and $1,301, respectively, were incurred in connection with the Facilities for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had $2,702 of deferred financing costs related to the Revolving Facility, which is presented as an asset and $1,649 of deferred financing costs related to the Term
Loan Facility as a reduction to loans payable on the Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities. As of December 31, 2015, the Company had $3,224 of deferred financing costs related to the Revolving Facility, which is presented as an asset
and $1,902 of deferred financing costs related to the Term Loan Facility as a reduction to loans payable on the Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities.      In accordance with the 1940 Act, with certain exceptions, the Company is only allowed to borrow amounts such that its asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least 200% after such borrowing. The
Company s asset coverage as of September 30, 2016 was in excess of 200%.   
         49   

Table of Contents  

     Notes        In December 2014, the Company completed a public offering of $50,000 in aggregate principal amount of 6.75% notes due 2021, or the 2021 Notes. The 2021 Notes mature on November 15, 2021, and may be
redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option on or after November 15, 2017. The 2021 Notes bear interest at a rate of 6.75% per year payable quarterly on
March 30, June 30, September 30 and December 30, of each year, beginning December 30, 2014 and trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol  TCRX .   
  In December 2015, the Company completed a public offering of $35,000 in aggregate principal amount of 6.75% notes due 2022, or the 2022
Notes. The 2022 Notes mature on December 30, 2022, and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option on or after December 30, 2018. The 2022 Notes bear interest at a rate of 6.75% per year payable
quarterly on March 30, June 30, September 30 and December 30, of each year, beginning March 30, 2016 and trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol  TCRZ .   
  The 2021 Notes and the 2022 Notes are referred to collectively as the Notes.   
  As of September 30, 2016, the carrying amount and fair value of our Notes was $85,000 and $88,340, respectively. As of
December 31, 2015, the carrying amount and fair value of Company s Notes was $85,000 and $84,716, respectively. The fair value of our Notes are determined in accordance with ASC 820, which defines fair value in terms of the price that
would be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. The fair value of the Notes is based on the closing price of the security, which is a Level 2 input
under ASC 820 due to the trading volume.      In connection with the issuance of the Notes, the Company incurred $3,565 of fees and
expenses. Any of these unamortized fees and expenses are presented as a reduction to the Notes payable balance and are being amortized using the effective yield method over the term of the Notes. For the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, the Company amortized approximately $129 and $382 of deferred financing costs, respectively, which is reflected in amortization of deferred financing costs on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2015, the Company amortized approximately $76 and $227 of deferred financing costs, respectively, which is reflected in amortization of deferred financing costs on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had $2,833 and $3,190 remaining deferred financing costs on the Notes, which reduced the notes payable balance on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities.   
  For the three and nine months ending September 30, 2016, the Company incurred interest expense on the Notes of $1,434 and $4,290,
respectively. For the three and nine months ending September 30, 2015, the Company incurred interest expense on the Notes of $844 and $2,522, respectively.      The indenture and supplements thereto relating to the Notes contain certain covenants, including but not limited to (i) an inability to incur additional borrowings, including through the issuance of
additional debt or the sale of additional debt securities unless the Company s asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least 200% after such borrowing and (ii) if we are not subject to the reporting requirements under the
Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 to file periodic reports with the SEC we will provide interim and consolidated financial information to the holders of the Notes and the trustee.       8. Interest Rate Derivative       On May 10, 2012, the Company entered into
a five-year interest rate swap agreement, or swap agreement, with ING Capital Markets, LLC. Under the swap agreement, with a notional value of $50,000, the Company pays a fixed rate of 1.1425% and receives a floating rate based upon the current
three-month LIBOR rate. The Company entered into the swap agreement to manage interest rate risk and not for speculative purposes.      The Company records the change in valuation of the swap agreement in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) as of each measurement period. When the quarterly interest rate swap amounts are paid or
received under the swap agreement, the amounts are recorded as a realized gain (loss) through interest rate derivative periodic interest payments, net on the Consolidated Statement of Operations.   
  The Company recognized a realized loss for three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 of $66 and $232, respectively, which is
reflected as interest rate derivative periodic interest payments, net on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company recognized a realized loss for three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 of $109 and $336, respectively, which
is reflected as interest rate derivative periodic interest payments, net on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.      For the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized $144 and $104, respectively, of net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) from the swap agreement, which is reflected in net change in unrealized appreciation
(depreciation) on interest rate derivative in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company recognized ($114) and ($257), respectively, of net change in unrealized appreciation
(depreciation) from the swap agreement, which is reflected in net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on interest rate derivative in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
the Company s fair value of its swap agreement is ($102) and ($206), respectively, which is reflected as an interest rate derivative liability on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities.   
         50   

Table of Contents  

    9. Commitments and Contingencies and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements    
  From time to time, the Company, or the Advisor, may become party to legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including
proceedings related to the enforcement of the Company s rights under contracts with its portfolio companies. Neither the Company, nor the Advisor, is currently subject to any material legal proceedings.   
  Unfunded commitments to provide funds to portfolio companies are not reflected on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Assets and
Liabilities. The Company s unfunded commitments may be significant from time to time. These commitments will be subject to the same underwriting and ongoing portfolio maintenance as are the on-balance sheet financial instruments that the
Company holds. Since these commitments may expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amount does not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Company intends to use cash flow from normal and early principal repayments and
proceeds from borrowings and offerings to fund these commitments.      As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
the Company has the following unfunded commitments to portfolio companies:       

(1)   
        Investment
formerly known as Key Brand Entertainment, Inc. The name change was effective May 16, 2016.          10. Dividends
      The Company has elected to be taxed as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. In order to maintain its status as a RIC, it
is required to distribute annually to its stockholders at least 90% of its investment company taxable income, as defined by the Code. To avoid a 4% excise tax on undistributed earnings, the Company is required to distribute each calendar year the
sum of (i) 98% of its ordinary income for such calendar year (ii) 98.2% of its net capital gains for the one-year period ending October 31 of that calendar year (iii) any income recognized, but not distributed, in preceding years
and on which the Company paid no federal income tax.      The Company s quarterly distributions, if any, will be determined
by its board of directors. The Company intends to make distributions to stockholders on a quarterly basis of substantially all of its net investment income. In addition, although the Company intends to make distributions of net realized capital
gains, if any, at least annually, out of assets legally available for such distributions, it may in the future decide to retain such capital gains for investment.   
         51   

Table of Contents  

   In addition, the Company may be limited in its ability to make distributions due to the BDC
asset coverage test for borrowings applicable to the Company as a BDC under the 1940 Act.      The following table summarizes the
Company s dividends declared and paid or to be paid on all shares, including dividends reinvested, if any:       
    The Company may not be able to achieve operating results that will allow it to make distributions at a
specific level or to increase the amount of these distributions from time to time. If the Company does not distribute a certain percentage of its income annually, it will suffer adverse tax consequences, including possible loss of its status as a
regulated investment company. The Company cannot assure stockholders that they will receive any distributions at a particular level.      The Company maintains an  opt in  dividend reinvestment plan for our common stockholders. As a result, unless stockholders specifically elect to have their dividends automatically reinvested in
additional shares of common stock, stockholders will receive all such dividends in cash. There were no dividends reinvested for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 under the dividend reinvestment plan.   
  Under the terms of the Company s dividend reinvestment plan, dividends will primarily be paid in newly issued shares of common stock.
However, the Company reserves the right to purchase shares in the open market in connection with the implementation of the plan. This feature of the plan means that, under certain circumstances, the Company may issue shares of our common stock at a
price below net asset value per share, which could cause our stockholders to experience dilution.      Distributions in excess of
the Company s current and accumulated profits and earnings would be treated first as a return of capital to the extent of the stockholder s tax basis, and any remaining distributions would be treated as a capital gain. The determination of
the tax attributes of the Company s distributions will be made annually as of the end of our fiscal year based upon its taxable income for the full year and distributions paid for the full year. Therefore, a determination made on a quarterly
basis may not be representative of the actual tax attributes of the Company s distributions for a full year. If the Company had determined the tax attributes of its 2016 distributions as of September 30, 2016, 100% would be from ordinary
income, 0% would be from capital gains and 0% would be a return of capital. There can be no certainty to stockholders that this determination is representative of what the tax attributes of the Company s 2016 distributions to stockholders will
actually be.   
         52   

Table of Contents  

Each year, a statement on Form 1099-DIV identifying the source of the distribution will be mailed to the Company s stockholders.       11. Financial Highlights        

(1)  
  Calculated based on weighted average common shares outstanding.     

(2)  
  Includes the cumulative effect of rounding.     

(3)  
  Total return is based on the change in market price per share during the period. Total return takes into account dividends and distributions, if any, reinvested in
accordance with the Company s dividend reinvestment plan.     

(4)  
  Not annualized     

(5)  
  Annualized, except for dividend income, the reversal of previously accrued interest income, taxes and the related impact of incentive fees.     
    For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, the ratio components included 0.88% of incentive fee, 2.78% of base management fee, 3.86% of the cost of borrowing, 2.05% of other operating expenses, and 0.20% of the impact of all taxes. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the
ratio components included 2.67% of base management fee, 2.66% of incentive fee, 3.29% of the cost of borrowing, 1.99% of other operating expenses, and 0.12% of the impact of all taxes.       12. Stock Repurchase Program       On March 6, 2015, the Company s
board of directors authorized a $25,000 stock repurchase program that was put into effect in May 2015. The timing and amount of any stock repurchases will depend on the terms and conditions of the repurchase program and no assurances can be given
that any common stock, or any particular amount, will be purchased. This stock repurchase program terminated on March 6, 2016. On March 8, 2016, the Company s board of directors authorized a new $25,000 stock repurchase program.
Unless extended by the Company s board of directors, the stock purchase program will terminate on   
         53   

Table of Contents  

March 8, 2017 and may be modified or terminated at any time for any reason without prior notice. The Company has provided our stockholders with notice of our intention to repurchase shares
of our common stock in accordance with 1940 Act requirements. The Company will retire immediately all such shares of common stock that the Company purchases in connection with the stock repurchase program.   
  The following table summarizes our share repurchases under our stock repurchase program for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015:       
     13. Subsequent Events       From October 1, 2016 through November 8, 2016, the Company closed one new and one follow-on first lien investment totaling $13,918 in the financial services and industrials industries. The new floating
rate investment and follow on fixed rate investment have a combined weighted average yield based upon cost at the time of the investment of 8.3%.      On October 3, 2016, the Company sold its first lien investment in American Achievement Corporation at cost for net proceeds of $9,626.   
  On October 5, 2016, the Company restructured its investment in Copperweld Bimetallics LLC, or Copperweld. As part of the restructuring,
THL Credit exchanged the cost basis of its senior secured loan totaling $19,265 for a debt-like preferred equity position of $3,385 and a controlled equity position of an affiliate of Copperweld valued at $8,950, with $5,415 remaining as a senior
secured term loan. In connection with the restructuring, the Company recognized a $1,515 loss.     On October 20, 2016, the Company
received proceeds of $11,000 from the repayment of its second lien investment in Synarc-Biocore Holdings, LLC at par.      On
November 8, 2016, the Company s board of directors declared a dividend of $0.27 per share payable on December 30, 2016 to stockholders of record at the date of business on December 15, 2016.   
         54   

Table of Contents  

    Schedule 12-14        THL Credit, Inc. and Subsidiaries        Schedule of Investments in and
Advances to Affiliates        (dollar amounts in thousands)    
   (unaudited)        

(1)  
  The principal amount and ownership detail as shown in the Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016. Common stock
and preferred stock, in some cases, are generally non-income producing.     

(2)  
  Represents the total amount of interest and fees credited to income for the portion of the year an investment was included in the Control and Affiliate categories.

(3)  
  Gross additions include increases in the cost basis of investments resulting from new portfolio investments, follow-on investments, accrued PIK interest and the
exchange of one or more existing securities for one or more new securities. Gross additions also include net increases in unrealized appreciation.     

(4)  
  Gross reductions include decreases in the cost basis of investments resulting from principal payments or sales and exchanges of one or more existing securities for one
or more new securities. Gross reductions also include net increases in unrealized depreciation.     

(5)  
  On March 14, 2016, THL Credit further restructured its investment in Dimont   Associates, Inc. and affiliated entities. As part of the restructuring, THL
Credit exchanged the cost basis of its equity interest totaling $6,569 and a subordinated term loan totaling $4,474 for a non-controlling equity interest in a related entity valued at $129.     

(6)  
  On March 17, 2016, THL Credit restructured its investment in OEM Group, Inc. As part of the restructuring, THL Credit exchanged the cost basis of its first lien
loans totaling $33,242 for a new first lien senior secured term loan in OEM Group, LLC of $18,703 and a controlled equity position valued at $8,313 in an affiliated entity.     

(7)  
  Together with Perspecta Trident LLC, or Perspecta, an affiliate of Perspecta Trust LLC, the Company invests in THL Credit Logan JV LLC, of Logan JV. Logan JV is
capitalized through equity contributions from its members and investment decisions must be unanimously approved by the Logan JV investment committee consisting of one representative from each of the Company and Perspecta.     

(8)  
  On July 22, 2016, the Company restructured its investment in Tri-Starr Management Services, Inc. As part of the restructuring, THL Credit exchanged the cost basis
of its subordinated debt totaling $20,558 for a controlled equity position of an affiliate of Tri-Starr Management Services, Inc. valued at $3,136.     

(9)  
  Income includes certain fees relating to investment management services provided by the Company, including a base management fee, a performance fee and a portion of the
closing fees on each investment transaction.     
         55   

Table of Contents  

Item 2.   
   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations          The information contained in this section should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report.    
   CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS       This report, and other statements that we may make, may contain forward-looking statements with respect to future financial or business performance, strategies or expectations. Forward-looking statements
are typically identified by words or phrases such as  trend,   opportunity,   pipeline,   believe,   comfortable,   expect,   anticipate,   current, 
 intention,   estimate,   position,   assume,   potential,   outlook,   continue,   remain,   maintain,   sustain,   seek, 
 achieve  and similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as  will,   would,   should,   could,   may  or similar expressions.   
  Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, which change over time. Forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we assume no duty to and do not undertake to update forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements and future results
could differ materially from historical performance.      In addition to factors previously identified elsewhere in this filing,
the following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements or historical performance:       

the introduction, withdrawal, success and timing of business initiatives and strategies;      

changes in political, economic or industry conditions, the interest rate environment or financial and capital markets, which could result in changes in
the value of our assets;          

the relative and absolute investment performance and operations of our investment adviser;      

the impact of increased competition;          

the impact of future acquisitions and divestitures;          

the unfavorable resolution of legal proceedings;          

our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies;      

the impact, extent and timing of technological changes and the adequacy of intellectual property protection;      

the impact of legislative and regulatory actions and reforms and regulatory, supervisory or enforcement actions of government agencies relating to us
or THL Credit Advisors LLC, the Advisor;          

the ability of the Advisor to identify suitable investments for us and to monitor and administer our investments;      

our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties;      

any future financings by us;          

the ability of the Advisor to attract and retain highly talented professionals;      

fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; and          

the impact of changes to tax legislation and, generally, our tax position.      

our ability to exit a control investment in a timely manner      

the ability to fund Logan JV s unfunded commitments to the extent approved by each member of the Logan JV investment committee.
         Overview       THL Credit, Inc., or we, us, our or the Company, was organized as a Delaware corporation on May 26, 2009 and initially funded on July 23, 2009. We commenced principal operations on
April 21, 2010. Our investment objective is to generate both current income and capital appreciation, primarily through investments in privately negotiated investments in debt and equity securities of lower middle market companies.   
         56   

Table of Contents  

   As of September 30, 2016, we, together with our credit-focused affiliates, collectively had
$7,545 million of assets under management. This amount included our assets, assets of the managed funds and a separate account managed by us, and assets of the collateralized loan obligations (CLOs), separate accounts and various fund formats,
including any uncalled commitments of private funds, as managed by the investment professionals of the Advisor or its consolidated subsidiary.      We are a direct lender to lower middle market companies and invest primarily in directly originated first lien secured loans, including through unitranche investments. In certain instances, we also make
second lien, subordinated, or mezzanine, debt investments, which may include an associated equity component such as warrants, preferred stock or other similar securities and direct equity investments. Our first lien secured loans may be structured
as traditional first lien loans or as unitranche loans. Unitranche structures combine characteristics of traditional first lien senior secured as well as second lien and subordinated loans and our unitranche loans will expose us to the risks
associated with second lien and subordinated loans to the extent we invest in the  last-out  tranche or subordinated tranche (or piece) of the unitranche loan. We may also provide advisory services to managed funds.   
  We are an externally managed, non-diversified, closed-end investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development
company, or BDC, under the Investment Company Act of 1940 Act, as amended, or the 1940 Act. As a BDC, we are required to comply with certain regulatory requirements. For instance, we generally have to invest at least 70% of our total assets in
 qualifying assets,  including securities of private or thinly traded public U.S. companies, cash, cash equivalents, U.S. Government securities and high-quality debt investments that mature in one year or less.   
  As a BDC, we must not acquire any assets other than  qualifying assets  specified in the 1940 Act unless, at the time the
acquisition is made, at least 70% of our total assets are qualifying assets (with certain limited exceptions). Qualifying assets include investments in  eligible portfolio companies.  Under the relevant U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission, or SEC, rules the term  eligible portfolio company  includes all private companies, companies whose securities are not listed on a national securities exchange, and certain public companies that have listed their securities on
a national securities exchange and have a market capitalization of less than $250 million, in each case organized in the United States.      We are also registered as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, or the Advisers Act.      Since April 2010, after we completed our initial public offering and commenced principal operations, we have been responsible for making, on behalf of ourselves, managed funds and separately managed
account, over approximately $1,792 million in aggregate commitments into 89 separate portfolio investments through a combination of both initial and follow-on investments. Since April 2010, we, along with our managed funds and separately managed
account, have received $1,108 million from paydowns and sales of these investments. The Company alone has received $905 million from paydowns and sales of investments.      We have elected to be treated for tax purposes as a regulated investment company, or RIC, under Subchapter M of the Code. To qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source of income
and asset diversification requirements. Pursuant to these elections, we generally will not have to pay corporate-level income taxes on any income we distribute to our stockholders.       Portfolio Composition and Investment Activity         Portfolio Composition
       As of September 30, 2016, we had $672.8 million of portfolio investments (at fair value), which represents an
$81.4 million, or 10.8% decrease from the $754.2 million (at fair value) as of December 31, 2015. The decrease in the size of our portfolios reflects recent restructurings and a decrease to the fair value of our portfolio. Our portfolio
consisted of 47 investments, including THL Credit Greenway Fund LLC, or Greenway, and THL Credit Greenway Fund II LLC, or Greenway II, as of September 30, 2016, compared to 55 portfolio investments, including Greenway and Greenway II, as of
December 31, 2015.      At September 30, 2016, our average portfolio company investment, excluding Greenway, Greenway
II, Logan JV, portfolio investments where we only have an equity investment and restructured investments where we converted debt to a controlling equity interest, at amortized cost and fair value, was approximately $15.6 million and $15.0 million,
respectively. Including investments in funds, investments where we hold equity only positions or investments where we converted debt to a controlling equity position would not be representative of our typical portfolio investment size and were
therefore excluded from the calculation. Our largest portfolio company investment, excluding the Logan JV, by cost was approximately $31.6 million and by fair value was $30.5 million. At December 31, 2015, our average portfolio company
investment at both amortized cost and fair value was approximately $15.5 million and $15.1 million, respectively, and our largest portfolio company investment by both amortized cost and fair value was approximately $32.8 million and $29.8 million,
respectively.      At September 30, 2016, based upon fair value, 86.3% of our debt investments bore interest based on
floating rates, which may be subject to interest rate floors, such as the London Interbank offer rate, or LIBOR, and 13.7% bore interest at fixed rates. At December 31, 2015, 78.1% of our debt investments bore interest based on floating rates,
which may be subject to interest rate floors, such as LIBOR, and 21.9% bore interest at fixed rates.   
         57   

Table of Contents  

   The following table shows the weighted average yield by investment category at their current
cost.       

(1)  
  Includes all loans on non-accrual status, excluding the impact of those loans that were restructured after the end of each respective period. If such loans were
included, the weighted average yields as of September 30, 2016 would have been 10.1% and 11.0% for first lien secured debt and total debt and income-producing investments including Logan JV, respectively. There would be no changes to the weighted
average yields as of December 31, 2015.     

(2)  
  Yields from investments in payment rights and CLO residual interests represent an effective yield expected from anticipated cash flows.     
    As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, portfolio investments, in which we have debt investments, had a median earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA,
of approximately $14 million and $16 million, respectively, based on the latest available financial information provided by the portfolio companies for each of these periods. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, our median
attachment point in the capital structure of our debt investments in portfolio companies is approximately 4.5 times and 4.3 times the portfolio company s EBITDA, respectively, based on our latest available financial information for each of
these periods.      As of September 30, 2016, excluding nominal investments made in Greenway and Greenway II as well as the Logan
JV, 84% of our portfolio investments are in sponsored investments and 16% of our portfolio investments are in unsponsored investments. As of September 30, 2016, we have closed portfolio investments with 50 different sponsors since inception. We
expect the percent of our portfolio investments in unsponsored investments to decrease significantly over time as we work through restructurings, and ultimately exit our unsponsored investments. Going forward we expect unsponsored investments we
make, if any, would only be in first lien senior secured investments. As of September 30, 2016, our portfolio of unsponsored investments included seven investments. Four are performing at or above our expectations and have an Investment Score of 1
or 2. Two other unsponsored investments, OEM Group and Tri-Starr Management, were recently restructured during Q3 2016. We restructured the third, Copperweld Bimetallics LLC, on October 5, 2016. These three investments have Investment Scores ranging
from 3 to 5.      As of December 31, 2015, excluding nominal investments made in Greenway and Greenway II as well as the Logan JV,
81% of our portfolio investments are in sponsored investments and 19% of our portfolio investments are in unsponsored investments. As of December 31, 2015, we have closed portfolio investments with 49 different sponsors since inception.   
         58   

Table of Contents  

   The following table summarizes the amortized cost and fair value of investments as of
September 30, 2016 (in millions).       

(1)  
  All investments are categorized as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy, except for investments in funds and the Logan JV, which are excluded from the fair value
hierarchy in accordance with ASU 2015-07. These assets are valued at net asset value.        The following table
summarizes the amortized cost and fair value of investments as of December 31, 2015 (in millions).       

(1)  
  All investments are categorized as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy, except for an equity investment in Surgery Center Holdings, Inc., which is Level 1, and
investments in funds and the Logan JV, which are excluded from the fair value hierarchy in accordance with ASU 2015-07. These assets are valued at net asset value.     
  We expect the percent of first lien senior secured loans to continue to increase as a percent of total investments as we are repaid or
liquidate our second lien debt, subordinated debt, CLO residual interests and other equity holdings over time and redeploy these proceeds. We intend to continue our efforts to reposition the portfolio towards more senior secured floating rate
investments, which we believe will reduce our exposure to portfolio company risks and potential changes in interest rates. Equity interests increased as a result of recently completed restructurings and we expect the percentage of equity interests
to increase further temporarily as we complete additional restructurings in the fourth quarter of 2016. We expect equity interests to decrease as we begin to exit certain of these positions in 2017.   
         59   

Table of Contents  

   The following is a summary of the industry classification in which the Company invests as of
September 30, 2016 (in millions).       
    The following is a summary of the industry classification in which the Company
invests as of December 31, 2015 (in millions)   (1)   .

(1)      
    Certain portfolio companies were reclassified to conform to current year presentation.      
         60   

Table of Contents  

     Investment Activity        The following is a summary of our investment activity, presented on a cost basis, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in millions).   
   
    New investments in first lien senior secured floating rate debt reflect our continuing efforts to
reposition the portfolio towards more floating rate secured investments, which we believe will reduce exposure to portfolio company risks and potential changes in interest rates. See  Portfolio Composition  above for more information about
changes to our portfolio.      For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we received proceeds from prepayments
and sales of our investments, including any prepayment premiums, totaling $47.3 million and $157.8 million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we received proceeds from prepayments and sales of our
investments, including any prepayment premiums, totaling $49.0 million and $146.8 million, respectively.   
         61   

Table of Contents  

   The following are proceeds received from notable prepayments, sales and other activity
related to our investments (in millions):       For the nine months ended September 30, 2016    

Repayment of a first lien senior secured debt investment in 20-20 Technologies Inc. at par, which resulted in proceeds of $29.0 million;

Repayment of a second lien term loan in Connecture, Inc., which resulted in proceeds of $22.3 million, including a prepayment premium and other fees of
$0.4 million;          

Repayment of a first lien senior secured term loan and revolving loan in Hart Intercivic, Inc at par, which resulted in proceeds of $14.7 million. A
new investment of $25.6 million was made in the first lien senior secured term loan in connection with a refinancing of the business;          

Repayment of a second lien debt investment in Granicus, Inc., which resulted in proceeds of $17.3 million, including a prepayment premium of $0.3
million;          

Repayment of a second lien term loan in Oasis Legal Finance Holding Company LLC, which resulted in proceeds of $12.7 million, including a prepayment
premium of $0.1 million;          

Repayment of a second lien debt investment in American Covers, Inc., which resulted in proceeds of $10.2 million, including a prepayment premium of
$0.2 million;          

Repayment of a second lien term loan Vision Solutions, Inc. at par, which resulted in proceeds of $9.6 million;      

Repayment of a second lien term loan in Allen Edmonds Corporation at par, which resulted in proceeds of $7.3 million;      

Repayment of a first lien senior secured term loan at par and sale of our equity investment in Airborne Tactical Advantage Company, LLC, which resulted
in proceeds of $5.2 million. These proceeds included a realized gain of $0.7 million and a $0.2 million escrow related to the sale of the business;          

Sale of a CLO residual interest in Dryden CLO, Ltd., which resulted in proceeds of $4.9 million, of which $1.1 million was recognized as a realized
loss;          

Sale of a common equity position in Surgery Center Holdings, Inc., which resulted in proceeds of $3.7 million, all of which was recognized as a
realized gain; and          

Sale of an equity position in AIM Media Texas Operating, LLC, which resulted in proceeds of $0.7 million.      
   For the nine months ended September 30, 2015        

Repayment of a first lien secured debt investment in Harrison Gypsum, LLC, which resulted in proceeds of $31.6 million, which included a prepayment
premium of $0.07 million;          

Repayment of a subordinated debt investment in The Studer Group, L.L.C. at par, resulting in proceeds of $16.9 million;      

Repayment of a subordinated debt investment in Country Pure Foods, LLC at par, resulting in proceeds of $16.2 million;      

Partial sale of first lien secured debt and common equity investments in Igloo Products Corp., which resulted in proceeds of $14.1 million and included
a nominal realized gain;          

Repayment of second lien and subordinated debt investments in Sheplers, Inc. at par, resulting in proceeds of $13.5 million;

Partial sale of a first lien secured debt investment in Charming Charlie, LLC, which resulted in proceeds of $9.9 million and included a nominal
realized gain;          

Repayment of a first lien secured debt investment in Ingenio Acquisition, LLC, resulting in proceeds of $9.3 million, which included a prepayment
premium of $0.2 million;          

Sale of a CLO residual interest in Adirondack Park CLO Ltd., which resulted in proceeds of $7.8 million, including a nominal realized gain;

Sale of a CLO residual interest in Sheridan Square CLO, Ltd., which resulted in proceeds of $5.0 million, including a nominal realized loss;

Partial sale of a second lien debt investment in BBB US Industries Holdings, Inc., which resulted in proceeds of $2.8 million and included a nominal
realized gain; and          

Partial sale of a second lien debt investment in Vision Solutions, Inc., which resulted in proceeds of $2.0 million.      
         62   

Table of Contents  

   Our level of investment activity can vary substantially from period to period depending on
many factors, including the amount of debt and equity capital available to lower middle market companies, the level of merger and acquisition activity, the general economic environment and the competitive environment for the types of investments we
make. The frequency and volume of any prepayments may fluctuate significantly from period to period.        Aggregate Cash Flow Realized Gross
Internal Rate of Return        Since April 2010, after we completed our initial public offering and commenced principal
operations and through September 30, 2016, our fully exited investments have resulted in an aggregate cash flow realized gross internal rate of return to us of 15.3% (based on cash invested of $762.6 million and total proceeds from these exited
investments of $952.8 million). 94.5% of these exited investments resulted in an aggregate cash flow realized gross internal rate of return to us of 10% or greater.      Internal rate of return, or IRR, is a measure of our discounted cash flows (inflows and outflows). Specifically, IRR is the discount rate at which the net present value of all cash flows is equal to zero.
That is, IRR is the discount rate at which the present value of total capital invested in our investments is equal to the present value of all realized returns from the investments. Our IRR calculations are unaudited.   
  Cash invested, with respect to an investment, represents our aggregate cash investment in the debt or equity securities we acquire.
     Realized returns, with respect to an investment, represents the total cash received with respect to each investment,
including all amortization payments, interest, dividends, prepayment fees, upfront fees, original issue discount, amendment fees and other fees and proceeds.      Gross IRR, with respect to an investment, is calculated based on the dates that we invested capital and dates we received distributions, regardless of when we made distributions to our stockholders.
Initial investments are assumed to occur at time zero, and all cash flows are deemed to occur on the date in which they did occur.      Gross IRR reflects historical results relating to our past performance and is not necessarily indicative of our future results. In addition, gross IRR does not reflect the effect of management fees,
expenses, incentive fees or taxes borne, or to be borne, by us or our stockholders, and would be lower if it did.      Aggregate
cash flow realized gross IRR on our exited investments reflects only invested and realized cash amounts as described above, and does not reflect any unrealized gains or losses in our portfolio or non-cash restructuring transactions. Cash flows
exclude sales of participations if they were anticipated at the time of the initial investment.        Investment Risk     
  The value of our investments will generally fluctuate with, among other things, changes in prevailing interest rates, federal tax rates,
counterparty risk, general economic conditions, the condition of certain financial markets, developments or trends in any particular industry and the financial condition of the issuer. During periods of limited liquidity and higher price volatility,
our ability to dispose of investments at a price and time that we deem advantageous may be impaired.      Lower-quality debt
securities involve greater risk of default or price changes due to changes in the credit quality of the issuer. The value of lower-quality debt securities often fluctuates in response to company, political, or economic developments and can decline
significantly over short periods of time or during periods of general or regional economic difficulty. Lower-quality debt securities can be thinly traded or have restrictions on resale, making them difficult to sell at an acceptable price. The
default rate for lower-quality debt securities is likely to be higher during economic recessions or periods of high interest rates.        THL
Credit Logan JV LLC        On December 3, 2014, we entered into an agreement with Perspecta Trident LLC, an affiliate of
Perspecta Trust LLC, or Perspecta, to create THL Credit Logan JV LLC, or Logan JV, a joint venture, which invests primarily in senior secured first lien term loans. All Logan JV investment decisions must be unanimously approved by the Logan JV
investment committee consisting of one representative from each of us and Perspecta.      We have determined that Logan JV is an
investment company under ASC 946, however, in accordance with such guidance, we will generally not consolidate our investment in a company other than a wholly owned investment company subsidiary or a controlled operating company whose business
consists of providing services to us. Accordingly, we do not consolidate our non-controlling interest in Logan JV.   
         63   

Table of Contents  

   Logan JV is capitalized with equity contributions which are generally called from its
members, on a pro-rata basis based on their equity commitments, as transactions are completed. Any decision by the Logan JV to call down on capital commitments requires the explicit authorization of us, coupled with that of Perspecta, and we may
withhold such authorization for any reason in our sole discretion. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, Logan JV had the following commitments, contributions and unfunded commitments from its Members.   
   
    On December 17, 2014, Logan JV entered into a senior credit facility, or the Logan JV Credit
Facility, with Deutsche Bank AG which allows Logan JV to borrow up to $50.0 million subject to leverage and borrowing base restrictions. Throughout the course of 2015 and 2016, in accordance with the terms of the Logan JV Credit Facility, Deutsche
Bank AG and other banks increased the commitment amount to $135.0 million. The amended revolving loan period ends on February 18, 2018 and the final maturity date is February 18, 2021. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, Logan JV had $129.3 million and $108.1 million of outstanding debt under the credit facility, respectively. The Logan JV Credit Facility bears interest at three month LIBOR (with no LIBOR floor) plus 2.50%. At September 30, 2016, the effective
interest rate on the Logan JV Credit Facility was 3.22% per annum.      As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
Logan JV had total investments at fair value of $203.4 million and $161.9 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, Logan JV s portfolio was comprised of senior secured first lien and second lien loans to
95 and 85 different borrowers, respectively. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, none of these loans were on non-accrual status. Additionally, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, Logan JV had unfunded
commitments to fund revolver and delayed draw loans to its portfolio companies totaling $0.7 million and $0.3 million, respectively. The portfolio companies in Logan JV are in industries similar to those in which we may invest directly.   
         64   

Table of Contents  

   Below is a summary of Logan JV s portfolio, followed by a listing of the individual
loans in Logan JV s portfolio as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (dollar amounts in thousands):       

(1)  
  At current principal amount.     

(2)  
  Weighted average yield at their current cost.        For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, our share of income from distributions declared related to our Logan JV LLC equity interest was $2.0 million and $5.4 million, respectively,
which amounts are included in dividend income and realized gains from controlled investments in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, our share of income from distributions declared
related to our Logan JV LLC equity interest was $1.2 million and $2.3 million, which amounts are included in dividend income from controlled investments in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, $3.0 million and $1.9 million, respectively, of income related to the Logan JV was included in Interest, dividends and fees receivable on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. As of September 30, 2016, dividend income and
realized gains of $2.0 million was recognized for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and represented a dividend yield to the Company of 13.6% based upon average equity invested. As of December 31, 2015, dividend income earned of $1.5
million for the quarter ended December 31, 2015, represented a dividend yield to the Company of 12.8% based upon average equity invested.   
         65   

Table of Contents  

    Logan JV Loan Portfolio as of September 30, 2016    
   (dollar amounts in thousands)        
 
         66   

Table of Contents  

67   

Table of Contents  

68   

Table of Contents  

(1)  
  Variable interest rates indexed to 30-day, 60-day, 90-day or 180-day LIBOR rates, at the borrower s option. LIBOR rates may be subject to interest rate floors.

(2)  
  Represents fair value in accordance with ASC Topic 820. The determination of such fair value is not included in our board of director s valuation process described
elsewhere herein.     

(5)  
  At the option of the issuer, interest can be paid in cash or cash and PIK. The percentage of PIK shown is the maximum PIK that can be elected by the company.
    
         69   

Table of Contents  

    Logan JV Loan Portfolio as of December 31, 2015    
   (dollar amounts in thousands)        
 
         70   

Table of Contents  

71   

Table of Contents  

72   

Table of Contents  

(1)  
  Variable interest rates indexed to 30-day, 60-day, 90-day or 180-day LIBOR rates, at the borrower s option. LIBOR rates are subject to interest rate floors.

(2)  
  Represents fair value in accordance with ASC Topic 820. The determination of such fair value is not included in our board of director s valuation process described
elsewhere herein.     

73   

Table of Contents  

   Below is certain summarized financial information for Logan JV as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:       Selected Balance Sheet Information
       
     Selected Statement of Operations Information    

Managed Funds        The Advisor and its affiliates may also manage other funds in the future that may have investment mandates that are similar, in whole and in part, with ours. For example, the Advisor may serve as
investment adviser to one or more private funds, registered closed-end funds and CLOs. In addition, our officers may serve in similar capacities for one or more private funds, registered closed-end funds and CLOs. The Advisor and its affiliates may
determine that an investment is appropriate for us and for one or more of those other funds. In such event, depending on the availability of such investment and other appropriate factors, the Advisor or its affiliates may determine that we should
invest side-by-side with one or more other funds. Any such investments will be made only to the extent permitted by applicable law and interpretive positions of the SEC and its staff, and consistent with the Advisor s allocation procedures.
  
         74   

Table of Contents  

   The 1940 Act generally prohibits BDCs from making certain negotiated co-investments with
affiliates absent an order from the SEC permitting the BDC to do so. The SEC staff has granted us relief pursuant to the Order. Pursuant to the Order, we are permitted to co-invest with our affiliates if a  required majority  (as defined
in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) or our independent directors make certain conclusions in connection with a co-investment transaction, including that (1) the terms of the transactions, including the consideration to be paid, are
reasonable and fair to us and our stockholders and do not involve overreaching by us or our stockholders on the part of any person concerned and (2) the transaction is consistent with the interests of our stockholders and is consistent with our
investment objective and strategies.       Greenway       On January 14, 2011, THL Credit Greenway Fund LLC, or Greenway, was formed as a Delaware limited liability company. Greenway is a portfolio company of ours. Greenway is a closed-end investment fund
which provides for no liquidity or redemption options and is not readily marketable. Greenway operates under a limited liability agreement dated January 19, 2011, or the Agreement. Greenway will continue in existence until January 14,
2021, subject to earlier termination pursuant to certain terms of the Agreement. The term may also be extended for up to three additional one-year periods pursuant to certain terms of the Agreement. Greenway had a two year investment period.
     Greenway had $150 million of capital committed by affiliates of a single institutional investor, and is managed by us. Our
capital commitment to Greenway is $0.02 million. As of September 30, 2016, all of Greenway s committed capital has been fully called. Our nominal investment in Greenway is reflected in the September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015
Consolidated Schedules of Investments. As of September 30, 2016, distributions representing 122.7% of the committed capital of the investor have been made from Greenway. Distributions from Greenway, including return of capital and earnings, to
its members from inception through September 30, 2016 totaled $184.0 million.      We act as the investment adviser to
Greenway and are entitled to receive certain fees relating to our investment management services provided, including a base management fee, a performance fee and a portion of the closing fees on each investment transaction. As a result, Greenway is
classified as an affiliate of ours. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we earned $0.1 million and $0.1 million in fees related to Greenway, respectively, which are included in other income from non-controlled, affiliated
investment in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we earned $0.2 million and $0.5 million in fees related to Greenway, respectively, which are included in other income from
non-controlled, affiliated investment in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $0.1 million and $0.1 million of fees related to Greenway, respectively, were included in due from
affiliate on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities.      Greenway invested in securities similar to those that we
invest in pursuant to investment and allocation guidelines which address, among other things, the size of the borrowers, the types of transactions and the concentration and investment ratio amongst Greenway and us. However, we have the discretion to
invest in other securities.       Greenway II       On January 31, 2013, THL Credit Greenway Fund II, LLC, or Greenway II LLC, was formed as a Delaware limited liability company and is a portfolio company of ours. Greenway II LLC is a closed-end
investment fund which provides for no liquidity or redemption options and is not readily marketable. Greenway II LLC operates under a limited liability agreement dated February 11, 2013, as amended, or the Greenway II LLC Agreement. Greenway II
LLC will continue in existence until October 10, 2021, subject to earlier termination pursuant to certain terms of the Greenway II LLC Agreement. The term may also be extended for up to three additional one-year periods pursuant to certain terms of
the Greenway II LLC Agreement. Greenway II LLC has a two year investment period.      As contemplated in the Greenway II LLC
Agreement, we have established a related investment vehicle and entered into an investment management agreement with an account set up by an unaffiliated third party investor to invest alongside Greenway II LLC pursuant to similar economic terms.
The account is also managed by us. References to  Greenway II  herein include Greenway II LLC and the account of the related investment vehicle. Greenway II had $186.5 million of commitments primarily from institutional investors. As of
September 30, 2016, all of Greenway II s committed capital has been fully called. Our capital commitment to Greenway II is $0.01 million. Our nominal investment in Greenway II LLC is reflected in the September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 Consolidated Schedules of Investments. Greenway II LLC is managed by us. As of September 30, 2016, distributions representing 52.6% of the committed capital of the Greenway II investors have been made from Greenway II.
Distributions from Greenway II to its members and investors, including return of capital and earnings, from inception through September 30, 2016 totaled $98.3 million.   
         75   

Table of Contents  

   We act as the investment adviser to Greenway II and are entitled to receive certain fees
relating to our investment management services provided, including a base management fee, a performance fee and a portion of the closing fees on each investment transaction. As a result, Greenway II is classified as an affiliate of the Company. For
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we earned $0.3 million and $0.4 million, respectively, in fees related to Greenway II, which are included in other income from non-controlled, affiliated investment in the Consolidated
Statements of Operations. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we earned $1.0 million and $1.3 million, respectively, in fees related to Greenway II, which are included in other income from non-controlled, affiliated investment in
the Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $0.4 million and $0.4 million of fees related to Greenway II were included in due from affiliate on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and
Liabilities. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there was no interest owed to Greenway II.      Other deferred assets
consist of placement agent expenses incurred in connection with the offer and sale of partnership interests in Greenway II. These costs are capitalized when commitments close and are recognized as an expense over the period when the Company expects
to collect management fees from Greenway II. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recognized $0.1 million and $0.1 million, respectively, in expenses related to placement agent expenses, which are included in other general
and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recognized $0.2 million and $0.2 million, respectively, in expenses related to placement agent expenses, which are
included in other general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $0.2 million and $0.4 million, respectively, were included in other deferred assets on the
Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities.      Greenway II invested in securities similar to those that we invest in
pursuant to investment and allocation guidelines which address, among other things, the size of the borrowers, the types of transactions and the concentration and investment ratio amongst Greenway II and us. However, we have the discretion to invest
in other securities.        CLO Residual Interests        As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had investments in the CLO residual interests, or subordinated notes, which can also be structured as income notes. These subordinated notes
are subordinate to the secured notes issued in connection with each CLO. The secured notes in each structure are collateralized by portfolios consisting primarily of broadly syndicated senior secured bank loans. The following table shows a summary
of our investments in CLO residual interests (in millions):       
    The subordinated notes and income notes do not have a stated rate of interest, but are entitled to
receive distributions on quarterly payment dates subject to the priority of payments to secured note holders in the structures if and to the extent funds are available for such purpose. The payments on the subordinated notes and income notes are
subordinated not only to the interest and principal claims of all secured notes issued, but to certain administrative expenses, taxes, and the base and subordinated fees paid to the collateral manager. Payments to the subordinated notes and income
notes may vary significantly quarter to quarter for a variety of reasons and may be subject to 100% loss. Investments in subordinated notes and income notes, due to the structure of the CLO, can be significantly impacted by change in the market
value of the assets, the distributions on the assets, defaults and recoveries on the assets, capital gains and losses on the assets along with prices, interest rates and other risks associated with the assets.   
  For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recognized interest income totaling $0.5 million and $0.7 million,
respectively, related to CLO residual interests. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recognized interest income totaling $1.7 million and $3.0 million, respectively, related to CLO residual interests.   
    Investment in Tax Receivable Agreement Payment Rights        In June 2012, we invested in a TRA that entitles us to certain payment rights, or TRA Payment Rights, from Duff   Phelps Corporation, or Duff   Phelps. The TRA transfers the economic
value of certain tax deductions, or tax benefits, taken by Duff   Phelps to us and entitles us to a stream of payments to be received. The TRA payment right is, in effect, a subordinated claim on the issuing company which can be valued
based on the credit risk of the issuer, which includes projected future earnings, the liquidity of the underlying payment right, risk of tax law changes, the effective tax rate and any other factors which might impact the value of the payment right.
  
         76   

Table of Contents  

   Through the TRA, we are entitled to receive an annual tax benefit payment based upon 85% of
the savings from certain deductions along with interest. The payments that we are entitled to receive result from cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state or local income tax that Duff   Phelps realizes (i) from the tax savings
derived from the goodwill and other intangibles created in connection with the Duff   Phelps initial public offering and (ii) from other income tax deductions. These tax benefit payments will continue until the relevant deductions are
fully utilized, which is projected to be 16 years. Pursuant to the TRA, we maintain the right to enforce Duff   Phelps payment obligations as a transferee of the TRA contract. If Duff   Phelps chooses to pre-pay and terminate the
TRA, we will be entitled to the present value of the expected future TRA payments. If Duff   Phelps breaches any material obligation then all obligations are accelerated and calculated as if an early termination occurred. Failure to make a
payment is a breach of a material obligation if the failure occurs for more than three months.      The projected annual tax
benefit payment is accrued on a quarterly basis and paid annually. The payment is allocated between a reduction in the cost basis of the investment and interest income based upon an amortization schedule. Based upon the characteristics of the
investment, we have chosen to categorize the investment in the TRA payment rights as an investment in payment rights.      The
amortized cost basis and fair value of the TRA as of September 30, 2016 was $11.5 million and $13.6 million, respectively. The amortized cost basis and fair value of the TRA as of December 31, 2015 was $11.5 million and $13.3 million,
respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recognized interest income totaling $0.5 million and $0.5 million, respectively, related to the TRA. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we
recognized interest income totaling $1.5 million and $1.5 million, respectively, related to the TRA.        Asset Quality     
  We employ the use of board observation and information rights, regular dialogue with company management and sponsors, and detailed
internally generated monitoring reports to actively monitor performance. Additionally, THL Credit has developed a monitoring template that promotes compliance with these standards and that is used as a tool to assess investment performance relative
to plan.      As part of the monitoring process, the Advisor assesses the risk profile of each of our investments and assigns each
portfolio investment a score of a 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5      The investment performance scores, or IPS, are as follows:   
  1   The portfolio investment is performing above our underwriting expectations.   
  2   The portfolio investment is performing as expected at the time of underwriting. All new investments are initially scored a 2.
     3   The portfolio investment is operating below our underwriting expectations, and requires closer monitoring. The
company may be out of compliance with financial covenants, however, principal or interest payments are generally not past due.   
  4   The portfolio investment is performing materially below our underwriting expectations and returns on our investment are likely to
be impaired. Principal or interest payments may be past due, however, full recovery of principal and interest payments are expected.      5   The portfolio investment is performing substantially below expectations and the risk of the investment has increased substantially. The company is in payment default and the principal and
interest payments are not expected to be repaid in full.      For any investment receiving a score of a 3 or lower THL Credit
Advisors will increase their level of focus and prepare regular updates for the investment committee summarizing current operating results, material impending events and recommended actions.   
         77   

Table of Contents  

   The Advisor monitors and, when appropriate, changes the investment scores assigned to each
investment in our portfolio. In connection with our investment valuation process, the Advisor and board of directors review these investment scores on a quarterly basis. Our average investment score was 2.28 and 2.13 at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, respectively. The following is a distribution of the investment scores of our portfolio companies at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (in millions):   

Loans are placed on non-accrual status when principal or interest payments are
past due 30 days or more and/or when it is no longer probable that principal or interest will be collected. However, we may make exceptions to this policy if the loan has sufficient collateral value and is in the process of collection. As of
September 30, 2016, we had four loans from two issuers on non-accrual status with an amortized cost basis of $21.1 million and fair value of $18.7 million. As of December 31, 2015, we had two loans from two issuers on non-accrual with an
amortized cost basis of $25.0 million and fair value of $13.9 million. For additional information, please refer to the Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 as well as Recent Developments. We record the
reversal of any previously accrued income against the same income category reflected in the Consolidated Statement of Operations.       Results
of Operations        Comparison of the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
    Investment Income        We generate revenues primarily in the form of interest on the debt and other income-producing securities we hold. Other income-producing securities include investments in funds, investment in payment
rights and residual interests, or equity, of collateralized loan obligations, or CLOs. Our investments in fixed income instruments generally have an expected maturity of five to seven years, and typically bear interest at a fixed or floating rate.
Interest on our debt securities is generally payable quarterly. Payments of principal of our debt investments may be amortized over the stated term of the investment, deferred for several years or due entirely at maturity. In some cases, our debt
instruments and preferred stock investments may defer payments of dividends or pay interest in-kind, or PIK. Any outstanding principal amount of our debt securities and any accrued but unpaid interest will generally become due at the maturity date.
The level of interest income we receive is directly related to the balance of interest-bearing investments multiplied by the weighted average yield of our investments. In addition to interest income, we may receive dividends and other distributions
related to our equity investments. We may also generate revenue in the form of fees from the management of Greenway and Greenway II, prepayment premiums, commitment, loan origination, structuring or due diligence fees, exit fees, amendment fees,
portfolio company administration fees, fees for providing significant managerial assistance and consulting fees. These fees may or may not be recurring in nature as part of our normal business operations. We will disclose below what amounts, if any,
are material non-recurring fees that have been recorded as income during each respective period.   
         78   

Table of Contents  

   The following shows the breakdown of investment income for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in millions):       
     
    The decrease in investment income between the three month periods was primarily due to the
contraction in overall investment portfolio since September 30, 2015, which led to lower interest income, and additional loans that were put on non-accrual status or were restructured into non-income producing securities. This decrease was
offset primarily by an increase in dividend income related to the Logan JV, prepayment premiums and accelerated amortization from loans that were repaid during the three months ended September 30, 2016.   
  The decrease in investment income between the nine month periods was primarily related to the contraction in the overall investment
portfolio, additional loans that were put on non-accrual status or were restructured into non-income producing securities and lower other income related to fees on certain portfolio investments. Interest income on both debt and other income
securities was lower primarily due to the recycling of proceeds from prepayments and sales of debt and CLO investments into the Logan JV and the impact of additional non-accrual investments or investments that were restructured into non-income
producing securities. This decrease was offset by an increase in dividend income related to the Logan JV, prepayment premiums and accelerated amortization from loans that were repaid during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.   
  The following shows a rollforward of PIK income activity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in
millions):       

(1)  
  Primarily in connection with the restructuring of our investments in OEM Group, Inc. and Tri-Starr Management Services, Inc. PIK income accrued in connection with the
existing loan to each portfolio company was completely reduced and is no longer receivable.        In certain
investment transactions, we may provide advisory services. For services that are separately identifiable and external evidence exists to substantiate fair value, income is recognized as earned. We earned no income from advisory services related to
portfolio companies for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.        Expenses     
  Our primary operating expenses include the payment of base management fees, an incentive fee, borrowing expenses related to our credit
facilities, and expenses reimbursable under the investment management agreement and the allocable portion of overhead under the administration and investment management agreements ( administrator expenses ). The base management fee
compensates the Advisor for work in identifying, evaluating, negotiating, closing and monitoring our investments. Our investment management agreement and administration agreement provides that we will reimburse the Advisor for costs and expenses
incurred by the Advisor for facilities, office equipment and utilities allocable to the performance by the Advisor of its duties under the agreements, as well as any costs and expenses incurred by the Advisor relating to any administrative or
operating services provided by the Advisor to us. We bear all other costs and expenses of our operations and transactions.   
         79   

Table of Contents  

   The following shows the breakdown of expenses for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in millions):       

(a)  
  Interest, fees and amortization of deferred financing costs related to our Revolving Facility, Term Loan Facility and Notes.     

(b)  
  For the three months ended September 30, 2016, there was no reduction to the ordinary income incentive fee expense as a result of net realized and unrealized
losses in the portfolio. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the ordinary income incentive fee expense of $7.6 million was reduced to $2.7 million as a result of net realized and unrealized losses in the portfolio.

(c)  
  Amounts include the income taxes related to earnings by our consolidated wholly-owned corporate subsidiaries established to hold equity or equity-like portfolio company
investments organized as pass-through entities and excise taxes related to our undistributed earnings and other taxes.        The decrease in operating expenses during the three month periods was due primarily to lower management and incentive fees as a result of a decrease in the size of the portfolio. This decrease was offset
by lower income tax benefits from our blocker corporation investments for the three months ended September 30, 2016.      The
decrease in operating expenses during the nine month periods was due primarily to lower incentive fees as a result of realized and unrealized losses in the portfolio and lower management fees as a result of portfolio contraction. This decrease was
offset by an increase in interest and fees on borrowings as a result of higher borrowings outstanding and an increased tax provision from our blocker corporation investments for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.   
  We expect certain of our operating expenses, including administrator expenses, professional fees and other general and administrative
expenses to decline as a percentage of our total assets during periods of growth and increase as a percentage of our total assets during periods of asset declines.        Net Investment Income        Net investment income was $10.5 million, or
$0.32 per common share based on a weighted average of 33,169,376 common shares outstanding for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $11.6 million, or $0.35 per common share based on a weighted average of 33,506,914 common
shares outstanding for the three months ended September 30, 2015.      Net investment income was $35.6 million, or $1.07 per common
share based on a weighted average of 33,234,994 common shares outstanding for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $35.5 million, or $1.05 per common share based on a weighted average of 33,739,279 common shares outstanding
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.      The decrease in net investment income between the three month periods is
primarily attributable to a decrease in interest on debt investments. This was offset by lower incentive and management fees and the increase in dividend income related to the Logan JV.   
  The increase in net investment income between the nine month periods is primarily attributable to the lower incentive fees as a result of
net realized and unrealized losses in the portfolio and the increase in dividend income related to the Logan JV. This was partially offset by additional loans put on non-accrual status or restructured, a decrease in interest on debt investments
due to portfolio contraction and a decrease in other income related to fees earned on certain portfolio investments.   
    Net Realized Gains and Losses on Investments, net of income tax provision     
  We measure realized gains or losses by the difference between the net proceeds from the repayment or sale and the amortized cost basis of
the investment, using the specific identification method, without regard to unrealized appreciation or depreciation previously recognized.   
         80   

Table of Contents  

   The following shows the breakdown of realized gains and losses for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in millions):       

(1)  
  On March 14, 2016, as part of a further restructuring of the business, the cost basis of our equity interest totaling $6.6 million and subordinated term loan
totaling $4.5 million was converted to equity interest in an affiliated entity valued at $0.1 million. In connection with the restructuring, we recognized a realized loss in the amount of $10.9 million, which was offset by a $10.8 million
change in unrealized appreciation.     

(2)  
  On March 17, 2016, as part of a restructuring of the business, the cost basis of our first lien loans totaling $33.2 million was converted to a new first lien
senior secured term loan of $18.7 million and controlled equity interest, valued at $8.3 million. In connection with the restructuring, we recognized a realized loss of $6.2 million, which was offset by a $5.6 million change in unrealized
appreciation.     

(3)  
  On July 1, 2016, as part of the restructuring, we exchanged the cost basis of our senior secured loans totaling $14.7 million for a new senior secured term loan of
$7.0 million, a debt-like preferred equity position, valued at $1.1 million, and 10% warrants. As result of the restructuring, we recognized a $6.6 million loss on conversion to preferred equity, which was offset by a $5.1 million change in
unrealized appreciation.     

(4)  
  On July 22, 2016, as part of the restructuring, we exchanged the cost basis of its subordinated debt totaling $20.6 million for a controlled equity position of an
affiliate of Tri-Starr Management Services, Inc. valued at $3.1 million. As result of the restructuring, we recognized a $17.4 million loss on conversion of its subordinated debt investment to common equity, which was offset by a $17.4 million
change in unrealized appreciation.          Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) of Investments
       Net change in unrealized appreciation primarily reflects the change in portfolio investment values during the
reporting period, including the reversal of previously recorded appreciation or depreciation when gains or losses are realized.   
  The following shows the breakdown in the changes in unrealized appreciation of investments for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in millions):       
 
         81   

Table of Contents  

   The net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on our investments for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 was driven primarily by unrealized depreciation as a result of changes in the capital market conditions and financial performance of certain assets
including Charming Charlie, LLC, Hostway Corporation and Washington Inventory Service. This was offset by unrealized appreciation on our investments in Loadmaster Derrick   Equipment, Inc. and Tri-Starr Management Services, Inc.
of approximately $22.5 million, which was a reversal of prior period unrealized depreciation, as the result of recognizing $24.0 million in realized losses as part of the restructuring of both businesses.   
  The net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on our investments for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared
to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was driven primarily by unrealized depreciation as a result of changes in the capital market conditions and the financial performance of certain assets including Charming Charlie, LLC, Hostway
Corporation and Washington Inventory Service. This was offset by unrealized appreciation on our investments in Dimont   Associates, Inc., Loadmaster Derrick   Equipment, Inc., OEM Group, Inc. and Tri-Starr Management Services, Inc.
of approximately $38.9 million, which was a reversal of prior period unrealized depreciation, as the result of recognizing $41.1 million in realized losses as part of the restructuring of these businesses.   
    Provision for Taxes on Unrealized Gains on Investments     
  Certain consolidated subsidiaries of ours are subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes. These taxable entities are not consolidated
with the Company for income tax purposes and may generate income tax liabilities or assets from temporary differences in the recognition of items for financial reporting and income tax purposes at the subsidiaries. For the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized a provision for tax on unrealized gains on investments of $0.4 million and $0.4 million for consolidated subsidiaries, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the
Company recognized a provision for tax on unrealized gains on investments of $0.6 million and $0.7 million for consolidated subsidiaries, respectively. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $4.4 million and $3.9 million,
respectively, were included in deferred tax liability on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities relating to deferred tax on unrealized gain on investments. The change in provision for tax on unrealized gains on investments relates
primarily to changes to the unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of the investments held in these taxable consolidated subsidiaries, other temporary differences and a change in the prior year estimates received from certain portfolio companies.
       Realized and Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) of Interest Rate Derivative     
  The interest rate derivative was entered into on May 10, 2012. Unrealized depreciation reflects the value of the interest rate
derivative agreement at the end of the reporting period. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the net change of unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on interest rate derivative totaled $0.1 million and ($0.1) million,
respectively, which is listed under net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on interest rate derivatives in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the net change of
unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on interest rate derivative totaled $0.1 million and ($0.3) million, respectively, which is listed under net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on interest rate derivatives in the Consolidated
Statement of Operations. The changes were due to capital market changes impacting swap rates.      We measure realized gains or
losses on the interest rate derivative based upon the difference between the proceeds received or the amount paid on the interest rate derivative. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we realized a loss of $0.1 million and
$0.1 million, respectively, as interest rate derivative periodic interest payments, net on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we realized a loss of $0.2 million and $0.3 million,
respectively, as interest rate derivative periodic interest payments, net on the Consolidated Statement of Operations.   
    Net Increase in Net Assets Resulting from Operations     
  Net increase in net assets resulting from operations totaled $9.9 million, or $0.30 per common share based on a weighted average of
33,169,376 common shares for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $2.6 million, or $0.08 per common share based on a weighted average of 33,506,914 common shares for the three months ended September 30, 2015.   
  The change in net assets resulting from operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 is due primarily to net realized and
unrealized losses in the portfolio as described above.      Net increase in net assets resulting from operations totaled $9.2
million, or $0.28 per common share based on a weighted average of 33,234,994 common shares for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $32.2 million, or $0.95 per common share based on a weighted average of 33,739,279 common
shares for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.      The change in net assets resulting from operations for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 is due primarily to net realized and unrealized losses in the portfolio as described above.   
         82   

Table of Contents  

    Financial condition, liquidity and capital resources    
    Cash Flows from Operating and Financing Activities        Our liquidity and capital resources are derived from our borrowings, equity raises and cash flows from operations, including investment sales and repayments, and investment income earned. Our primary use
of funds from operations includes investments in portfolio companies, payment of dividends to the holders of our common stock and payments of fees and other operating expenses we incur. We have used, and expect to continue to use, our borrowings and
the proceeds from the turnover in our portfolio and from public and private offerings of securities to finance our investment objectives, to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act.   
  We may raise additional equity or debt capital through both registered offerings off our shelf registration statement and private
offerings of securities, by securitizing a portion of our investments or borrowings from credit facilities. To the extent we determine to raise additional equity through an offering of our common stock at a price below net asset value, existing
investors will experience dilution. During our 2016 Annual Stockholder Meeting held on June 2, 2016, our stockholders authorized us, with the approval of our Board of Directors, to sell up to 25% of our outstanding common stock at a price below
our then current net asset value per share and to offer and issue debt with warrants or debt convertible into shares of our common stock at an exercise or conversion price that will not be less than the fair market value per share but may be below
the then current net asset value per share. There can be no assurance that these capital resources will be available.      In
December 2014, we closed a public debt offering selling $50.0 million of Notes due in 2021, or the 2021 Notes, including the exercise of the over allotment option, through a group of underwriters, less an underwriting discount, and received net
proceeds of $48.5 million. In December 2015, we closed a public debt offering selling $35.0 million of Notes due in 2022, or the 2022 Notes, including the exercise of the over allotment option, through a group of underwriters, less an underwriting
discount, and received net proceeds of $34.0 million. Collectively, the 2021 Notes and 2022 Notes are referred to as the Notes.   
  We borrowed $98.3 million under our Revolving Facility for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and repaid $153.3 million on our
Revolving Facility from proceeds received from prepayments and sales and investment income. We borrowed $120.0 million under our Revolving Facility for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and repaid $139.5 million on our Revolving Facility
from proceeds received from prepayments and sales and investment income.      Our operating activities provided cash of $90.9
million and $70.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, primarily in connection with the prepayments and sales of portfolio investments. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, our financing
activities used $55.0 million to repay borrowings on our facility, $33.9 million for distributions to stockholders, $1.5 million to repurchase common stock and $0.1 million for the payment of financing and offering costs. For the nine
months ended September 30, 2015, our financing activities used $19.5 million to repay borrowings on our facility, $34.3 million for distributions to stockholders, $7.0 million to repurchase common stock, and $1.9 million for the
payment of financing and offering costs.      As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had cash of $4.3
million and $3.9 million, respectively. We had no cash equivalents as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.      We
believe cash balances, our Revolving Facility capacity and any proceeds generated from the sale or pay down of investments provides us with the liquidity necessary to fund investments in our pipeline in the near future.   
    Borrowings        The following shows a summary of our Borrowings as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (in millions):       

(1)         
        As of
September 30, 2016, excludes deferred financing costs of $1.6 million for the Term Loan Facility, $1.6 million for the 2021 Notes and $1.3 million for the 2022 Notes presented as a reduction to the respective balances outstanding in the
Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities.      

(2)         
        As of
December 31, 2015, excludes deferred financing costs of $1.9 million for the Term Loan Facility, $1.8 million for the 2021 Notes and $1.4 million for the 2022 Notes presented as a reduction to the respective balances outstanding in the
Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities.      
         83   

Table of Contents  

     Credit Facility     
  On August 19, 2015, the Company entered into an amendment, or the Revolving Amendment, to its existing revolving credit agreement, or
Revolving Facility, and entered into an amendment, or the Term Loan Amendment, to its Term Loan Facility. The Revolving Facility and Term Loan Facility are collectively referred to as the Facilities.   
  The Revolving Amendment revised the Facility dated April 30, 2014 to, among other things, extend the maturity date from April 2018
to August 2020 (with a one year term out period beginning in August 2019). The one year term out period is the one year anniversary between the revolver termination date, or the end of the availability period, and the maturity date. During this
time, the Company is required to make mandatory prepayments on its loans from the proceeds it receives from the sale of assets, extraordinary receipts, returns of capital or the issuances of equity or debt. The Revolving Facility has an interest
rate of LIBOR plus 2.5% (with no LIBOR floor). The non-use fee is 1.0% annually if the Company uses 35% or less of the Revolving Facility and 0.50% annually if the Company uses more than 35% of the Revolving Facility. The Company elects the LIBOR
rate on the loans outstanding on its Revolving Facility, which can have a LIBOR period that is one, two, three or nine months. The LIBOR rate on the borrowings outstanding on its Revolving Facility currently has a one month LIBOR period.   
  The Term Loan Amendment revised the Term Loan Facility dated April 30, 2014 to, among other things, extend the maturity date from
April 2019 to August 2021. The Term Loan Amendment also changes the interest rate of the Term Loan Facility to LIBOR plus 2.75% (with no LIBOR Floor) and has substantially similar terms to the existing Revolving Facility (as amended by the Revolving
Amendment). The Company elects the LIBOR rate on its Term Loan, which can have a LIBOR period that is one, two, three or nine months. The LIBOR rate on its Term Loan currently has a one month LIBOR period.   
  Each of the Facilities includes an accordion feature permitting us to expand the Facilities, if certain conditions are satisfied;
provided, however, that the aggregate amount of the Facilities, collectively, is capped at $600.0 million.      The Facilities
generally require payment of interest on a quarterly basis for ABR loans (commonly based on the Prime Rate or the Federal Funds Rate), and at the end of the applicable interest period for Eurocurrency loans bearing interest at LIBOR, the interest
rate benchmark used to determine the variable rates paid on the Facilities. LIBOR maturities can range between one and nine months at the election of the Company. All outstanding principal is due upon each maturity date. The Facilities also require
a mandatory prepayment of interest and principal upon certain customary triggering events (including, without limitation, the disposition of assets or the issuance of certain securities).   
  Borrowings under the Facilities are subject to, among other things, a minimum borrowing/collateral base. The Facilities have certain
collateral requirements and/or covenants, including, but limited to, covenants related to: (a) limitations on the incurrence of additional indebtedness and liens, (b) limitations on certain investments, (c) limitations on certain
restricted payments, (d) limitations on the creation or existence of agreements that prohibit liens on certain properties of ours and our subsidiaries, and (e) compliance with certain financial maintenance standards including
(i) minimum stockholders  equity, (ii) a ratio of total assets (less total liabilities not represented by senior securities) to the aggregate amount of senior securities representing indebtedness, of us and our consolidated
subsidiaries, of not less than 2.00: 1.0, (iii) minimum liquidity, (iv) minimum net worth, and (v) a consolidated interest coverage ratio. In addition to the financial maintenance standards, described in the preceding sentence,
borrowings under the Facilities (and the incurrence of certain other permitted debt) are subject to compliance with a borrowing base that applies different advance rates to different types of assets in our portfolio.   
  The credit agreements governing the Facilities also include default provisions such as the failure to make timely payments under the
Facilities, the occurrence of a change in control, and the failure by us to materially perform under the operative agreements governing the Facilities, which, if not complied with, could, at the option of the lenders under the Facilities, accelerate
repayment under the Facilities, thereby materially and adversely affecting our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. Each loan originated under the Revolving Facility is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. We
cannot be assured that we will be able to borrow funds under the Revolving Facility at any particular time or at all. We are currently in compliance with all financial covenants under the Facilities.   
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we borrowed $98.3 million and repaid $153.3 million under the Facilities. For the nine
months ended September 30, 2015, we borrowed $120.0 million and repaid $139.5 million under the Facilities.      As of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the carrying amount of the Company s outstanding Facilities approximated fair value. The fair values of the Company s Facilities are determined in accordance with ASC 820, which defines
fair value in terms of the price that would be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. The fair value of the Company s Facilities is estimated
based upon market interest rates and entities with similar credit risk. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Facilities would be deemed to be Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.   
         84   

Table of Contents  

   Interest expense and related fees, excluding amortization of deferred financing costs, of
$2.1 million and $2.3 million, respectively, were incurred in connection with the Facilities for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Interest expense and related fees, excluding amortization of deferred financing costs, of $6.2
million and $6.9 million, respectively, were incurred in connection with the Facilities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.      In accordance with the 1940 Act, with certain exceptions, the Company is only allowed to borrow amounts such that its asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least 200% after such borrowing. The
Company s asset coverage as of September 30, 2016 was in excess of 200%. Amortization of deferred financing costs of $0.3 million and $0.6 million, respectively, were incurred in connection with the facilities for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015. Amortization of deferred financing costs of $0.8 million and $1.3 million, respectively, were incurred in connection with the facilities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. As of
September 30, 2016, we had $2.7 million of deferred financing costs related to the Revolving Facility, which is presented as an asset and $1.6 million of deferred financing costs related to the Term Loan Facility as a reduction to Loans
Payable on the Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities. As of December 31, 2015, we had $3.2 million of deferred financing costs related to the Revolving Facility, which is presented as an asset and $1.9 million of deferred financing
costs related to the Term Loan Facility as a reduction to Loans Payable on the Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities.        Notes        In December 2014, we completed a public offering of $50.0
million in aggregate principal amount of 6.75% notes due 2021, or the 2021 Notes. The 2021 Notes mature on November 15, 2021, and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option on or after November 15,
2017. The 2021 Notes bear interest at a rate of 6.75% per year payable quarterly on March 30, June 30, September 30 and December 30, of each year, beginning December 30, 2014 and trade on the New York Stock
Exchange under the trading symbol  TCRX .      In December 2015, we completed a public offering of $35.0 million in
aggregate principal amount of 6.75% notes due 2022, or the 2022 Notes. The 2022 Notes mature on December 30, 2022, and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option on or after December 30, 2018. The
2022 Notes bear interest at a rate of 6.75% per year payable quarterly on March 30, June 30, September 30 and December 30, of each year, beginning March 30, 2016 and trade on the New York Stock Exchange under
the trading symbol  TCRZ . We refer to the 2021 Notes and the 2022 Notes collectively as the Notes.      The Notes are
our direct unsecured obligations and rank: (i) pari passu with our other outstanding and future senior unsecured indebtedness; (ii) senior to any of our future indebtedness that expressly provides it is subordinated to the Notes;
(iii) effectively subordinated to all our existing and future secured indebtedness (including indebtedness that is initially unsecured to which we subsequently grant security), to the extent of the value of the assets securing such
indebtedness, including without limitation, borrowings under our Revolving Facility and Term Loan Facility; (iv) structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other obligations of any of our subsidiaries.   
  The Base Indenture, as supplemented by the First and Second Supplemental Indentures collectively, (the  Indenture ), contains
certain covenants including covenants requiring us to comply with (regardless of whether it is subject to) the Section 18 (a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a)(1) of the 1940 Act or any successor provisions, whether or not we continue to
be subject to such provisions of the 1940 Act, but giving effect, in either case, to any exemptive relief granted to us by the SEC. Currently these provisions generally prohibit us from making additional borrowings, including through the issuance of
additional debt or the sale of additional debt securities, unless our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 200% after such borrowings. These covenants are subject to important limitations and exceptions that are described in
the Indenture. The Indenture provides for customary events of default and further provides that the Trustee or the holders of 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes in a series may declare such Notes immediately due and payable
upon the occurrence of any event of default after expiration of any applicable grace period. As of September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with the terms of the indenture and the supplemental indenture governing the Notes. See Note 7 to our
consolidated financial statements for more detail on the Notes.      As of September 30, 2016, the carrying amount and fair
value of our 2021 and 2022 Notes was $85.0 million and $88.3 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2015, the carrying value and fair value of our 2021 and 2022 Notes was $85.0 million and $84.7 million, respectively. The fair value of our
Notes is determined in accordance with ASC 820, which defines fair value in terms of the price that would be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions.
The fair value of the Notes is based on the closing price of the security, which is a Level 2 input under ASC 820 due to the trading volume.   
         85   

Table of Contents  

   In connection with the issuance of the 2021 and 2022 Notes, we incurred $3.6 million of fees
and expenses. Any of these unamortized fees and expenses are presented as a reduction to the Notes payable balance and are being amortized using the effective interest method over the term of the Notes. For the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, we amortized approximately $0.1 million and $0.4 million of deferred financing costs, respectively, which is reflected in amortization of deferred financing costs on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we amortized approximately $0.1 million and $0.2 million of deferred financing costs, respectively, which is reflected in amortization of deferred financing costs on the Consolidated Statements of
Operations. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had approximately $2.8 million and $3.2 million, respectively, of remaining deferred financing costs on the Notes, which reduced the notes payable balance on our Consolidated
Statements of Assets and Liabilities.      For the three and nine months ending September 30, 2016, we incurred interest
expense on the Notes of approximately $1.4 million and $4.3 million, respectively. For the three and nine months ending September 30, 2015, we incurred interest expense on the Notes of approximately $0.8 million and $2.5 million, respectively.
       Interest Rate Derivative        On May 10, 2012, we entered into a five-year interest rate swap agreement, or swap agreement, with ING Capital Markets, LLC. Under the swap agreement, with a notional value of $50 million, we pay a
fixed rate of 1.1425% and receive a floating rate based upon the current three-month LIBOR rate. We entered into the swap agreement to manage interest rate risk and not for speculative purposes.   
  We record the change in valuation of the swap agreement in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) as of each measurement period. When the
quarterly swap amounts are paid or received under the swap agreement, the amounts are recorded as a realized gain (loss) as interest rate derivative periodic interest payments, net on the Consolidated Statement of Operations.   
  For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recognized $0.1 million and $0.1 million, respectively, of realized loss from
the swap agreement, which is reflected as interest rate derivative periodic interest payments, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recognized $0.2 million and $0.3 million,
respectively, of realized loss from the swap agreement, which is reflected as interest rate derivative periodic interest payments, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.   
  For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recognized $0.1 million and ($0.1) million of net change in unrealized
appreciation (depreciation) from the swap agreement, respectively, which is reflected in net change in unrealized depreciation on interest rate derivative in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, we recognized $0.1 million and ($0.3) million of net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) from the swap agreement, respectively, which is reflected in net change in unrealized depreciation on interest rate derivative in
the Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the fair value of our swap agreement is $(0.1) million and $(0.2) million, respectively, which is reflected as an interest rate derivative liability
on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities.       Commitments and Contingencies and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements    
  From time to time, we, or the Advisor, may become party to legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings
related to the enforcement of our rights under contracts with our portfolio companies. Neither we, nor the Advisor, are currently subject to any material legal proceedings.      Unfunded commitments to provide funds to portfolio companies are not reflected in our Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. Our unfunded commitments may be significant from time to time.
These commitments will be subject to the same underwriting and ongoing portfolio maintenance as are the on-balance sheet financial instruments that we hold. Since these commitments may expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amount
does not necessarily represent future cash requirements. We intend to use cash flow from normal and early principal repayments and proceeds from borrowings and offerings to fund these commitments.   
         86   

Table of Contents  

   As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we have the following unfunded
commitments to portfolio companies (in millions):       

(1)         
        Investment
formerly known as Key Brand Entertainment, Inc. The name change was effective May 16, 2016.          Dividends
      We have elected to be taxed as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. In order to maintain our status as a regulated
investment company, we are required to distribute at least 90% of our investment company taxable income. To avoid a 4% excise tax on undistributed earnings, we are required to distribute each calendar year the sum of (i) 98% of our ordinary
income for such calendar year (ii) 98.2% of our net capital gains for the one-year period ending October 31 of that calendar year (iii) any income recognized, but not distributed, in preceding years and on which we paid no federal
income tax.      Our quarterly distributions, if any, will be determined by our board of directors. We intend to make
distributions to stockholders on a quarterly basis of substantially all of our net investment income. Although we intend to make distributions of net realized capital gains, if any, at least annually, out of assets legally available for such
distributions, we may in the future decide to retain such capital gains for investment. In addition, the extent and timing of special dividends, if any, will be determined by our board of directors and will largely be driven by portfolio specific
events and tax considerations at the time.      In addition, we may be limited in our ability to make distributions due to the BDC
asset coverage test for borrowings applicable to us as a BDC under the 1940 Act.   
         87   

Table of Contents  

   The following table summarizes our dividends declared and paid or to be paid on all shares
including dividends reinvested, if any:       
    We may not be able to achieve operating results that will allow us to make distributions at a specific
level or to increase the amount of these distributions from time to time. If we do not distribute a certain percentage of our income annually, we will suffer adverse tax consequences, including possible loss of our status as a regulated investment
company. We cannot assure stockholders that they will receive any distributions at a particular level.      We maintain an
 opt in  dividend reinvestment plan for our common stockholders. As a result, unless stockholders specifically elect to have their dividends automatically reinvested in additional shares of common stock, stockholders will receive all such
dividends in cash. There were no dividends reinvested for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 under the dividend reinvestment plan.      Under the terms of our dividend reinvestment plan, dividends will primarily be paid in newly issued shares of common stock. However, we reserve the right to purchase shares in the open market in
connection with the implementation of the plan. This feature of the plan means that, under certain circumstances, we may issue shares of our common stock at a price below net asset value per share, which could cause our stockholders to experience
dilution.      Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated profits and earnings would be treated first as a return of
capital to the extent of the stockholder s tax basis, and any remaining distributions would be treated as a capital gain. The determination of the tax attributes of our distributions will be made annually as of the end of our fiscal year based
upon its taxable income for the full year and distributions paid for the full year. Therefore, a determination made on a quarterly basis may not be representative of the actual tax attributes of our distributions for a full year. If we had
determined the tax attributes of our 2016 distributions as of September 30, 2016, 100% would be from ordinary income, 0% would be from capital gains and 0% would be a return of capital. There can be no certainty to stockholders that this
determination is representative of what the tax attributes of our 2016 distributions to stockholders will actually be. Each year, a statement on Form 1099-DIV identifying the source of the distribution will be mailed to our stockholders.   

         88   

Table of Contents  

    Stock Repurchase Program       On March 6, 2015, our board of directors authorized a $25.0 million stock repurchase program that was put into effect in May 2015. The timing and amount of any stock repurchases will depend on the
terms and conditions of the repurchase program and no assurances can be given that any particular amount will be purchased. This stock repurchase program terminated on March 6, 2016. On March 8, 2016, our board of directors authorized a
new $25.0 million stock repurchase program. Unless extended by our board of directors, the stock repurchase program will terminate on March 8, 2017 and may be modified or terminated at any time for any reason without prior notice. We have
provided our stockholders with notice of our intention to repurchase shares of our common stock in accordance with 1940 Act requirements. We will retire immediately all such shares of common stock that we purchase in connection with the stock
repurchase program.   
         89   

Table of Contents  

   The following table summarizes our share repurchases under our stock repurchase program for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in millions):       
     Related Party Transactions         Investment Management Agreement        On March 8, 2016, our
investment management agreement with the Advisor was re-approved by our Board of Directors. Under the investment management agreement, the Advisor, subject to the overall supervision of our board of directors, manages the day-to-day operations of,
and provides investment advisory services to us.      The Advisor receives a fee for investment advisory and management services
consisting of a base management fee and a two-part incentive fee.      The base management fee is calculated at an annual rate of
1.5% of our gross assets payable quarterly in arrears on a calendar quarter basis. For purposes of calculating the base management fee,  gross assets  is determined as the value of our assets without deduction for any liabilities. The base
management fee is calculated based on the value of our gross assets at the end of the most recently completed calendar quarter, and appropriately adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the current calendar quarter.   
  For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we incurred base management fees payable to the Advisor of $2.7 million and $3.0
million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we incurred base management fees payable to the Advisor of $8.4 million and $8.9 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $2.7
million and $2.9 million, respectively, was payable to the Advisor.      The incentive fee has two components, ordinary income and
capital gains, as follows:      The ordinary income component is calculated, and payable, quarterly in arrears based on our
preincentive fee net investment income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter, subject to a cumulative total return requirement and to deferral of non-cash amounts. The preincentive fee net investment income, which is expressed as a rate of
return on the value of our net assets attributable to our common stock, for the immediately preceding calendar quarter, will have a 2.0% (which is 8.0% annualized) hurdle rate (also referred to as  minimum income level ). Preincentive fee
net investment income means interest income, amortization of original issue discount, commitment and origination fees, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees, such as, structuring, diligence, managerial assistance and
consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus our operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee, expenses payable under our administration agreement
(discussed below), and any interest expense and any dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the incentive fee and any offering expenses and other expenses not charged to operations but excluding certain reversals
to the extent such reversals have the effect of reducing previously accrued incentive fees based on the deferral of non-cash interest. Preincentive fee net investment income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such
as original issue discount, debt instruments with PIK interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that we have not yet received in cash. The Advisor receives no incentive fee for any calendar quarter in which our preincentive fee net
investment income does not exceed the minimum income level. Subject to the cumulative total return requirement described below, the Advisor receives 100% of our preincentive fee net investment income for any calendar quarter with respect to that
portion of the preincentive net investment income for such quarter, if any, that exceeds the minimum income level but is less than 2.5% (which is 10.0% annualized) of net assets (also referred to as the  catch-up  provision) and 20.0% of
our preincentive fee net investment income for such calendar quarter, if any, greater than 2.5% (10.0% annualized) of net assets. The foregoing incentive fee is subject to a total return requirement, which provides that no incentive fee in respect
of our preincentive fee net investment income is payable except to the extent 20.0% of the cumulative net increase in net assets resulting from operations over the then current and 11 preceding calendar quarters exceeds the cumulative incentive fees
accrued and/or paid for the 11 preceding quarters. In other words, any ordinary income incentive fee that is payable in a calendar quarter is limited to the lesser of (i) 20% of the amount by which our preincentive fee net investment income for
such calendar quarter exceeds the 2.0% hurdle, subject to the  catch-up  provision, and (ii) (x) 20% of the cumulative net increase in net assets resulting from operations for the then current and 11 preceding quarters minus
(y) the cumulative incentive fees accrued and/or paid for the 11 preceding calendar quarters. For the foregoing purpose, the  cumulative net increase in net assets resulting from operations  is the amount, if positive, of the sum of
our preincentive fee net   
         90   

Table of Contents  

investment income, base management fees, realized gains and losses and unrealized appreciation and depreciation for the then current and 11 preceding calendar quarters. In addition, the portion
of such incentive fee that is attributable to deferred interest (sometimes referred to as payment-in-kind interest, or PIK, or original issue discount, or OID) will be paid to THL Credit Advisors, together with interest thereon from the date of
deferral to the date of payment, only if and to the extent we actually receive such interest in cash, and any accrual thereof will be reversed if and to the extent such interest is reversed in connection with any write-off or similar treatment of
the investment giving rise to any deferred interest accrual. There is no accumulation of amounts on the hurdle rate from quarter to quarter and accordingly there is no clawback of amounts previously paid if subsequent quarters are below the
quarterly hurdle rate and there is no delay of payment if prior quarters are below the quarterly hurdle rate.      For the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we incurred $2.6 million and $2.7 million, respectively, of incentive fees related to ordinary income. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we incurred $2.9 million and $8.9
million, respectively, of incentive fees related to ordinary income. The lower incentive fee compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was the result of realized and unrealized losses in the portfolio. If we had not incurred these net
realized and unrealized losses for the nine month period ending September 30, 2016, we would have incurred an incentive fee related to ordinary income of $7.6 million. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $2.5 million and
$2.9 million, respectively, of such incentive fees are currently payable to the Advisor. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $1.4 million and $1.3 million, respectively of incentive fees incurred by us were generated from
deferred interest (i.e. PIK, certain discount accretion and deferred interest) and are not payable until such amounts are received in cash.      The second component of the incentive fee (capital gains incentive fee) is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the investment management
agreement, as of the termination date). This component is equal to 20.0% of our cumulative aggregate realized capital gains from inception through the end of that calendar year, computed net of the cumulative aggregate realized capital losses and
cumulative aggregate unrealized capital depreciation through the end of such year. The aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gains incentive fees is subtracted from such capital gains incentive fee calculated. There were no capital gains
incentive fee payable to our Advisor under the investment management agreement as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.      GAAP requires that the incentive fee accrual considers the cumulative aggregate realized gains and losses and unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation of investments or other financial instruments,
such as an interest rate derivative, in the calculation, as an incentive fee would be payable if such realized gains and losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation were realized, even though such realized gains and losses and
unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation is not permitted to be considered in calculating the fee actually payable under the investment management agreement ( GAAP Incentive Fee ). There can be no assurance that such unrealized
appreciation or depreciation will be realized in the future. Accordingly, such fee, as calculated and accrued, would not necessarily be payable under the investment management agreement, and may never be paid based upon the computation of incentive
fees in subsequent periods. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we incurred no incentive fees related to the GAAP Incentive Fee.        Administration Agreement        We have also entered into an
administration agreement with the Advisor under which the Advisor will provide administrative services to us. Under the administration agreement, the Advisor performs, or oversees the performance of administrative services necessary for our
operation, which include, among other things, being responsible for the financial records which we are required to maintain and preparing reports to our stockholders and reports filed with the SEC. In addition, the Advisor assists in determining and
publishing our net asset value, oversees the preparation and filing of our tax returns and the printing and dissemination of reports to our stockholders, and generally oversees the payment of our expenses and the performance of administrative and
professional services rendered to us by others. We will reimburse the Advisor for our allocable portion of the costs and expenses incurred by the Advisor for overhead in performance by the Advisor of its duties under the administration agreement and
the investment management agreement, including facilities, office equipment and our allocable portion of cost of compensation and related expenses of our chief financial officer and chief compliance officer and their respective staffs, as well as
any costs and expenses incurred by the Advisor relating to any administrative or operating services provided to us by the Advisor. Our board of directors reviews the allocation methodologies with respect to such expenses. Such costs are reflected as
Administrator expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. Under the administration agreement, the Advisor provides, on our behalf, managerial assistance to those portfolio companies to which the Company is required to provide
such assistance. To the extent that our Advisor outsources any of its functions, the Company pays the fees associated with such functions on a direct basis without profit to the Advisor.   
  For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we incurred administrator expenses of $0.9 million and $0.9 million,
respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we incurred administrator expenses of $2.7 million and $2.8 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $0.04 million and $0.05 million,
respectively, was due to the Advisor for administrator expenses.   
         91   

Table of Contents  

     License Agreement     
  We and the Advisor have entered into a license agreement with THL Partners under which THL Partners has granted to us and the Advisor a
non-exclusive, personal, revocable worldwide non-transferable license to use the trade name and service mark  THL , which is a proprietary mark of THL Partners, for specified purposes in connection with our respective businesses. This license
agreement is royalty-free, which means we are not charged a fee for our use of the trade name and service mark  THL . The license agreement is terminable either in its entirety or with respect to us or the Advisor by THL Partners at any time in
its sole discretion upon 60 days prior written notice, and is also terminable with respect to either us or the Advisor by THL Partners in the case of certain events of non-compliance. After the expiration of its first one year term, the entire
license agreement is terminable by either us or the Advisor at our or its sole discretion upon 60 days prior written notice. Upon termination of the license agreement, we and the Advisor must cease to use the name and mark  THL , including any
use in our respective legal names, filings, listings and other uses that may require us to withdraw or replace our names and marks. Other than with respect to the limited rights contained in the license agreement, we and the Advisor have no right to
use, or other rights in respect of, the  THL  name and mark. We are an entity operated independently from THL Partners, and third parties who deal with us have no recourse against THL Partners.   
    Due to and from Affiliates        The Advisor paid certain other general and administrative expenses on our behalf. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there was $0.03 million and $0.04 million due to affiliate,
which was included in accrued expenses and other payables on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities.      As of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we owed $0.04 million and $0.05 million, respectively, of Administrator expense to the Advisor, which was included in accrued expenses and other payables on the Consolidated Statements of Assets
and Liabilities.      As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we incurred $0.01 million and $0.1 million,
respectively, of other general and administrative expense on behalf of the Advisor, which was included in due from affiliates on the Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities.   
  We act as the investment adviser to Greenway and Greenway II and are entitled to receive certain fees. As a result, each of Greenway and
Greenway II is classified as an affiliate. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $0.5 million and $0.6 million of fees related to Greenway and Greenway II, respectively, were included in due from affiliate on the Consolidated
Statements of Assets and Liabilities.       Critical accounting policies    
  Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses.
Changes in the economic environment, financial markets and any other parameters used in determining such estimates could cause actual results to differ. In addition to the discussion below, the Company s significant accounting policies are
further described in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.        Valuation of Portfolio Investments
       As a BDC, we generally invest in illiquid securities including debt and equity investments of lower middle market
companies. Investments for which market quotations are readily available are valued using market quotations, which are generally obtained from an independent pricing service or one or more broker-dealers or market makers. Debt and equity securities
for which market quotations are not readily available or are not considered to be the best estimate of fair value are valued at fair value as determined in good faith by our board of directors. Because we expect that there will not be a readily
available market value for many of the investments in our portfolio, it is expected that many of our portfolio investments  values will be determined in good faith by our board of directors in accordance with a documented valuation policy that
has been reviewed and approved by our board of directors and in accordance with GAAP. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of our investments
may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a readily available market value existed for such investments, and the differences could be material.      With respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available, our board of directors undertakes a multi-step valuation process each quarter, as described below:   

our quarterly valuation process begins with each portfolio company or investment being initially valued by the investment professionals responsible for
the portfolio investment;          

preliminary valuation conclusions are then documented and discussed with senior management of the Advisor;      
         92   

Table of Contents  

to the extent determined by the audit committee of our board of directors, independent valuation firms are used to conduct independent appraisals and
review the Advisor s preliminary valuations in light of their own independent assessment;          

the audit committee of our board of directors reviews the preliminary valuations of the Advisor and independent valuation firms and, if necessary,
responds and supplements the valuation recommendation of the independent valuation firms to reflect any comments; and          

our board of directors discusses valuations and determines the fair value of each investment in our portfolio in good faith based on the input of the
Advisor, the respective independent valuation firms and the audit committee.         The types of factors that we
may take into account in fair value pricing our investments include, as relevant, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments and its earnings and discounted cash flows, the markets in
which the portfolio company does business, comparison to publicly traded securities and other relevant factors. We generally utilize an income approach to value our debt investments and a combination of income and market approaches to value our
equity investments. With respect to unquoted securities, the Advisor and our board of directors, in consultation with our independent third party valuation firms, values each investment considering, among other measures, discounted cash flow models,
comparisons of financial ratios of peer companies that are public and other factors, which valuation is then approved by our board of directors.       Debt Investments       For debt investments, we generally determine the fair
value primarily using an income, or yield, approach that analyzes the discounted cash flows of interest and principal for the debt security, as set forth in the associated loan agreements, as well as the financial position and credit risk of each
portfolio investments. Our estimate of the expected repayment date is generally the legal maturity date of the instrument. The yield analysis considers changes in leverage levels, credit quality, portfolio company performance and other factors. The
enterprise value, a market approach, is used to determine the value of equity and debt investments that are credit impaired, close to maturity or where we also hold a controlling equity interest. The method for determining enterprise value uses a
multiple analysis, whereby appropriate multiples are applied to the portfolio company s net income before net interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA.   
   Interest Rate Derivative       We value our interest rate derivative agreement using an income approach that analyzes the discounted cash flows associated with the interest rate derivative agreement. Significant inputs to the
discounted cash flows methodology include the forward interest rate yield curves in effect as of the end of the measurement period and an evaluation of the counterparty s credit risk.   
   Collateralized Loan Obligations       We value our residual interest investments in collateralized loan obligations using an income approach that analyzes the discounted cash flows of our residual interest. The discounted cash flows model
utilizes prepayment, re-investment and loss assumptions based on historical experience and projected performance, economic factors, the characteristics of the underlying cash flow, and comparable yields for similar collateralized loan obligation
fund subordinated notes or equity, when available. Specifically, we use Intex cash flow models, or an appropriate substitute to form the basis for the valuation of our residual interest. The models use a set of assumptions including projected
default rates, recovery rates, reinvestment rate and prepayment rates in order to arrive at estimated cash flows. The assumptions are based on available market data and projections provided by third parties as well as management estimates.
      Payment Rights       We value our investment in payment rights using an income approach that analyzes the discounted projected future cash flow streams assuming an appropriate discount rate, which will among other things
consider other transactions in the market, the current credit environment, performance of the underlying portfolio company and the length of the remaining payment stream.       Equity       We use a combination of the income and market approaches to value
our equity investments. The market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities (including a business). The income approach uses valuation techniques to
convert future cash flows or earnings to a single present amount (discounted). The measurement is based on the value indicated by current market expectations about those future amounts. In following these approaches, the types of factors that we may
take into account in fair value pricing our investments include, as relevant: available current market data, including relevant and applicable market trading and transaction comparables, applicable market yields and multiples, the current investment
performance rating, security covenants, call protection provisions, information rights, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments, its earnings and discounted cash flows, the markets in
which the portfolio company does business, comparisons of financial ratios of peer companies that are public, transaction comparables, our principal market as the reporting entity, and enterprise values, among other factors.   
   Investment in Funds       In circumstances in which net asset value per share of an investment is determinative of fair value, the Company estimates the fair value of an investment in an investment company using the net asset
value per share of the investment (or its equivalent) without further adjustment if the net asset value per share of the investment is determined in accordance with the specialized accounting guidance for investment companies as of the reporting
entity s measurement date.   
         93   

Table of Contents  

   In accordance with the authoritative guidance on fair value measurements and disclosures
under GAAP, we disclose the fair value of our investments in a hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for
identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). The guidance establishes three levels of the fair value hierarchy as follows:   
  Level l Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities;
     Level 2 Quoted prices in markets that are not considered to be active or financial instruments for which significant inputs are
observable, either directly or indirectly;      Level 3 Prices or valuations that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value
measurement and unobservable.      The level of an asset or liability within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level
of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement. However, the determination of what constitutes  observable  requires significant judgment by management.   
  We consider whether the volume and level of activity for the asset or liability have significantly decreased and identify transactions
that are not orderly in determining fair value. Accordingly, if we determine that either the volume and/or level of activity for an asset or liability has significantly decreased (from normal conditions for that asset or liability) or price
quotations or observable inputs are not associated with orderly transactions, increased analysis and management judgment will be required to estimate fair value. Valuation techniques such as an income approach might be appropriate to supplement or
replace a market approach in those circumstances.      We have adopted the authoritative guidance under GAAP for estimating the
fair value of investments in investment companies that have calculated net asset value per share in accordance with the specialized accounting guidance for Investment Companies. Accordingly, in circumstances in which net asset value per share of an
investment is determinative of fair value, we estimate the fair value of an investment in an investment company using the net asset value per share of the investment (or its equivalent) without further adjustment if the net asset value per share of
the investment is determined in accordance with the specialized accounting guidance for investment companies as of the reporting entity s measurement date. Redemptions are not generally permitted in our investments in funds. The remaining term
of our investments in funds is expected to be four to eight years.        Revenue Recognition     
  We record interest income, adjusted for amortization of premium and accretion of discount, on an accrual basis to the extent that we
expect to collect such amounts. Dividend income is recognized on the ex-dividend date. Original issue discount, principally representing the estimated fair value of detachable equity or warrants obtained in conjunction with the acquisition of debt
securities, and market discount or premium are capitalized and accreted or amortized into interest income over the life of the respective security using the effective yield method. The amortized cost of investments represents the original cost
adjusted for the accretion/amortization of discounts and premiums and upfront loan origination fees.      Loans are placed on
non-accrual status when principal or interest payments are past due 30 days or more and/or when it is no longer probable that principal or interest will be collected. However, we may make exceptions to this policy if the loan has sufficient
collateral value and is in the process of collection. We record the reversal of any previously accrued income against the same income category reflected in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. As of September 30, 2016, we had four loans
from two issuers on non-accrual status with an amortized cost basis of $21.1 million and fair value of $18.7 million. As of December 31, 2015, we had two loans from two issuers on non-accrual status with an amortized cost basis of $25.0 million
and fair value of $13.9 million.      We have investments in our portfolio which contain a contractual paid-in-kind, or PIK,
interest provision. PIK interest is computed at the contractual rate specified in each investment agreement, is added to the principal balance of the investment, and is recorded as income. We will cease accruing PIK interest if there is insufficient
value to support the accrual or if we do not expect amounts to be collectible and will generally only begin to recognize PIK income again when all principal and interest have been paid or upon a restructuring of the investment where the interest is
deemed collectable. To maintain our status as a RIC, PIK interest income, which is considered investment company taxable income, must be paid out to stockholders in the form of dividends even though we have not yet collected the cash. Amounts
necessary to pay these dividends may come from available cash.      We capitalize and amortize upfront loan origination fees
received in connection with the closing of investments. The unearned income from such fees is accreted into interest income over the contractual life of the loan based on the effective interest method. Upon prepayment of a loan or debt security, any
prepayment premiums, unamortized upfront loan origination fees, and unamortized discounts are recorded as interest income.   
         94   

Table of Contents  

   Interest income from our investment in TRA and CLO residual interest investments are
recorded based upon an estimation of an effective yield to expected maturity using anticipated cash flows with any remaining amount recorded to the cost basis of the investment. We monitor the anticipated cash flows from our TRA and CLO residual
interest investments and will adjust our effective yield periodically as needed.      Other income includes commitment fees, fees
related to the management of Greenway and Greenway II, fees related to the management of certain controlled equity investments, structuring fees, amendment fees and unused commitment fees associated with investments in portfolio companies. These
fees are recognized as income when earned by us in accordance with the terms of the applicable management or credit agreement and may or may not be recurring in nature as part of our normal business operations.   
    Net Realized Gains or Losses and Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation or Depreciation     
  We measure realized gains or losses by the difference between the net proceeds from the repayment or sale and the amortized cost basis of
the investment, using the specific identification method, without regard to unrealized appreciation or depreciation previously recognized. We measure realized gains or losses on the interest rate derivative based upon the difference between the
proceeds received or the amounts paid on the interest rate derivative. Net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation reflects the change in portfolio investment values or value of the interest rate derivative during the reporting period,
including any reversal of previously recorded unrealized appreciation or depreciation, when gains or losses are realized.   
    U.S. Federal Income Taxes, including excise tax        We operate so as to maintain our status as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code and intend to continue to do so. Accordingly, we are not subject to federal income tax on the portion of our taxable income
and gains distributed to stockholders. In order to qualify for favorable tax treatment as a RIC, we are required to distribute annually to our stockholders at least 90% of our investment company taxable income, as defined by the Code. To avoid a 4%
federal excise tax, we must distribute each calendar year the sum of (i) 98% of our ordinary income for each such calendar year (ii) 98.2% of our net capital gains for the one-year period ending October 31 of that calendar year, and
(iii) any income recognized, but not distributed, in preceding years and on which we paid no federal income tax. We may choose not to distribute all of our taxable income for the calendar year and pay a non-deductible 4% excise tax on this
income. If we choose to do so, all other things being equal, this would increase expenses and reduce the amount available to be distributed to stockholders. To the extent that the Company determines that its estimated current year annual taxable
income will be in excess of estimated current year dividend distributions from such taxable income, the Company accrues excise taxes on estimated excess taxable income as taxable income is earned using an annual effective excise tax rate. We will
accrue excise tax on undistributed taxable income as required. Please refer to  Dividends  above for a summary of the distributions. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 we incurred U.S. federal excise tax and other
tax expenses of $0.1 million and $0.1 million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 we incurred U.S. federal excise tax and other tax expenses of $0.3 million and $0.5 million, respectively.   
  Certain consolidated subsidiaries are subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes. These taxable entities are not consolidated for
income tax purposes and may generate income tax liabilities or assets from permanent and temporary differences in the recognition of items for financial reporting and income tax purposes at the subsidiaries.   
  The following shows the breakdown of current and deferred income tax provisions (benefits) for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in millions):       
 
         95   

Table of Contents  

   These current and deferred income taxes are determined from taxable income estimates
provided by portfolio companies where we hold equity or equity-like investments organized as pass-through entities in its corporate subsidiaries. These tax estimates may be subject to further change once tax information is finalized for the year. As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $0.2 million and $0.4 million, respectively, of income tax receivable was included in prepaid expenses and other assets on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. As of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $4.4 million and $3.9 million, respectively, were included in deferred tax liability on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities primarily relating to deferred taxes on unrealized
gains and other temporary book to tax differences related to investments and other book to tax differences held in its corporate subsidiaries. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $1.4 million and $1.1 million, respectively of
deferred tax assets were presented on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities relating to net operating loss carryforwards and unrealized losses on investments and other temporary book to tax differences that are expected to be used in
future periods. The Company believes that it will be able to fully utilize these deferred tax assets against future taxable income and has therefore not recognized an allowance against these deferred tax assets.   
  Under the RIC Modernization Act (the  RIC Act ), we are permitted to carry forward capital losses incurred in taxable years
beginning after December 22, 2010, for an unlimited period. However, any losses incurred during post-enactment taxable years will be required to be utilized prior to the losses incurred in pre-enactment taxable years, which carry an expiration
date. As a result of this ordering rule, pre-enactment capital loss carryforwards may be more likely to expire unused. Additionally, post-enactment capital loss carryforwards will retain their character as either short-term or long-term capital
losses rather than being considered all short-term as permitted under the rules applicable to pre-enactment capital losses.   
  Because U.S. federal income tax regulations differ from GAAP, distributions in accordance with tax regulations may differ from net
investment income and realized gains recognized for financial reporting purposes. Differences may be permanent or temporary. Permanent differences are reclassified among capital accounts in the consolidated financial statements to reflect their tax
character. Temporary differences arise when certain items of income, expense, gain or loss are recognized at some time in the future. Differences in classification may also result from the treatment of short-term gains as ordinary income for tax
purposes.      We follow the provisions under the authoritative guidance on accounting for and disclosure of uncertainty in tax
positions. The provisions require us to determine whether a tax position is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position.
For tax positions not meeting the more likely than not threshold, the tax amount recognized in the consolidated financial statements is reduced by the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate
settlement with the relevant taxing authority. There are no unrecognized tax benefits or obligations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Although we file U.S. federal and state tax returns, our major tax jurisdiction is U.S.
federal. Our inception-to-date U.S. federal tax years remain subject to examination by taxing authorities.       Recent Developments
      From October 1, 2016 through November 8, 2016, we closed one new and one follow-on first lien investment totaling $13.9
million in the financial services and industrials industries. The new floating rate investment and follow-on fixed rate investment have a combined weighted average yield based upon cost at the time of the investment of 8.3%.   
  On October 3, 2016, we sold our first lien investment in American Achievement Corporation at cost for net proceeds of $9.6 million.
     On October 5, 2016, we restructured our investment in Copperweld Bimetallics LLC, or Copperweld. As part of the
restructuring, we exchanged the cost basis of our senior secured loan totaling $19.3 million, for a debt-like preferred equity position of $3.4 million and a controlled equity position of an affiliate of Copperweld valued at $9.0 million, with $5.4
million remaining as a senior secured term loan. In connection with the restructuring, we recognized a $1.5 million loss.     On
October 20, 2016, we received proceeds of $11.0 million from the repayment of our second lien investment in Synarc-Biocore Holdings, LLC at par.      On November 8, 2016, our board of directors declared a dividend of $0.27 per share payable on December 30, 2016 to stockholders of record at the date of business on December 15, 2016.   

Item 3.   
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk         We are subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates. As of September 30, 2016, 13.7% of the debt investments in our portfolio bore interest at fixed rates based upon fair
value. Most of the debt investments in our portfolio have interest rate floors, which have effectively converted the debt investments to fixed rate loans in the current interest rate environment. In the future, we expect other debt investments in
our portfolio will have floating rates. Our borrowings as well as the amount we receive under the interest rate derivative agreement are based upon floating rates.   
         96   

Table of Contents  

   Based on our September 30, 2016 Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities, the
following table shows the annual impact on net income of changes in interest rates, which assumes no changes in our investments and borrowings (in millions):       

1)  
  Excludes the impact of incentive fees based on pre-incentive fee net investment income. See  Note 4. Related Party Transaction  footnote to our consolidated
financial statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 for more information on the incentive fee.        Based upon the current three month LIBOR rate, a hypothetical decrease in LIBOR would not affect our net income, due to the current rates being lower than 100 basis points. Based upon the current one
month LIBOR rates, a hypothetical decrease in LIBOR would not affect interest expense, due to the current rates being lower than 100 basis points. We currently hedge against interest rate fluctuations by using an interest rate swap whereby we pay a
fixed rate of 1.1425% and receive three-month LIBOR on a notional amount of $50 million. In the future, we may use other standard hedging instruments such as futures, options and forward contacts subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act. While
hedging activities may insulate us against adverse changes in interest rates, they may also limit our ability to participate in the benefits of lower interest rates with respect to our portfolio of investments.   
  Although we believe that this measure is indicative of our sensitivity to interest rate changes, it does not adjust for potential changes
in credit quality, size and composition of the assets on the balance sheet and other business developments that could affect net increase in net assets resulting from operations, or net income.   

Item 4.   
   Controls and Procedures      
    Disclosure Controls and Procedures        Our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as
defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). As of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief
Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and
reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.        Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting        There have
been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act, that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.   
         97   

Table of Contents  

      PART II. OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1.   
   Legal proceedings         We are
not a defendant in any material pending legal proceeding, and no such material proceedings are known to be contemplated. However, from time to time, we may be party to certain legal proceedings incidental to the normal course of our business
including the enforcement of our rights under the contracts with our portfolio companies.       

Item 1A.   
   Risk Factors         There have
been no changes to the risk factors described in Part I, Item 1A  Risk Factors  of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
March 10, 2016 other than as described in Part II, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 4, 2016.
  
         98   

Table of Contents  

Item 2.   
   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds           Stock Repurchase Program        On March 6, 2015, the Company s
board of directors authorized a $25.0 million stock repurchase program that was put into effect in May 2015. The timing and amount of any stock repurchases will depend on the terms and conditions of the repurchase program and no assurances can be
given that any common stock, or any particular amount, will be purchased. This stock repurchase program terminated on March 6, 2016. On March 8, 2016, the Company s board of directors authorized a new $25.0 million stock repurchase
program. Unless extended by the Company s board of directors, the stock purchase program will terminate on March 8, 2017 and may be modified or terminated at any time for any reason without prior notice. The Company has provided our
stockholders with notice of our intention to repurchase shares of our common stock in accordance with 1940 Act requirements. The Company will retire immediately all such shares of common stock that the Company purchases in connection with the stock
repurchase program.      During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we purchased 141,554 shares at a weighted average price
per share of $10.86, inclusive of commissions. This represents a discount of approximately 12.22% to average net asset value per share for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The following table presents information with respect to the
Company s purchases of its common stock during the nine months ended September 30, 2016:       

(1)         
              Shares repurchased were under the new $25.0 million repurchase program
authorized by the Company s board of directors on March 8, 2016.         The Company s net asset value
per share was increased by approximately $0.00 as a result of the share repurchases.       

Item 3.   
   Defaults Upon Senior Securities         None.       

Item 4.   
   Mine Safety Disclosures      
  Not applicable.       

Item 5.   
   Other Information         On
November 7, 2016 we added three members to our investment committee. None of the members of the investment committee are employed by us or receive any direct compensation from us. These individuals receive compensation from THL Credit Advisors LLC
that includes an annual base salary, an annual discretionary bonus and a portion of the distributions made by THL Credit Advisors LLC, a portion of which relates to the incentive fee earned by THL Credit Advisors LLC in connection with its services
to us.          W. Montgomery Cook.  Mr. Cook, 49, is
a Managing Director for THL Credit Advisors LLC and serves as a member of the Direct Lending investment committee. He is responsible for transaction origination, underwriting and execution for the New York investment team. Mr. Cook also oversees
origination, structuring and execution of investments in the financial services vertical. Prior to joining THL Credit in 2013, Mr. Cook was a Director at Deutsche Bank in the Credit Solutions Group where he was responsible for originating and
structuring investment opportunities for the bank s balance sheet. Mr. Cook s experience included leveraged loans, middle market CLOs, esoteric asset finance, commercial real estate and premium finance. Prior to Deutsche Bank, Mr. Cook was
a Managing Director with a publicly-traded BDC where he was on the investment committee and responsible for sourcing, underwriting, executing and monitoring a portfolio of subordinated loans and equity co-investments to financial sponsor-backed
companies. Mr. Cook began his career at Merrill Lynch   Co. where he was a Financial Analyst in the Telecom, Media   Technology Investment Banking group and was subsequently an Associate and a Vice President in the Financial Sponsors Group
at J.P. Morgan. Mr. Cook earned his B.S. in Business Administration from Northeastern University.       James R. Fellows.
 Mr. Fellows, 51, is a Managing Director and Co-Head of the Tradable Credit Platform for THL Credit Advisors LLC. He also serves on the Board of Directors of an affiliate of THL Credit Advisors. He has more than twenty-eight years of investment
industry experience, principally in the area of leveraged finance. From April 2004 through June 2012, Mr. Fellows was Co-Head, Alternative Credit Strategies Group of McDonnell Investment Management, LLC, where he helped establish and manage three
cash flow CLOs, a leveraged loan opportunity fund and unleveraged fund and a separate account. From 1998 to April 2004, Mr. Fellows was a Senior Vice President at Columbia Advisors, where he served as Co-Portfolio Manager for two continuously
offered closed-end funds and four structured product vehicles from their inception, including two CLOs. Prior to joining Columbia Advisors in 1998, Mr. Fellows was a Senior Credit Analyst for Van Kampen Investments in its Bank Loan Investment Group.
While at Van Kampen, Mr. Fellows also served as a Credit Analyst for high-yield bonds and privately placed mezzanine bonds. Other responsibilities with Van Kampen included training junior credit analysts for its bank loans and high yield groups. Mr.
Fellows brings extensive knowledge of high-yield bank loans and high-yield bonds, as well as in-depth workout, restructuring and distressed investment experience. Mr. Fellows received his B.S. degree in Economics and Finance from the University of
Nebraska and is a CFA charterholder and a member of The CFA Institute.       Howard H. Wu.  Mr. Wu, 37, is a Managing
Director for THL Credit Advisors LLC and serves as a member of the Direct Lending investment committee. He leads transaction origination, underwriting, execution, and portfolio management for the Boston and Los Angeles investment teams. Prior to
joining THL Credit in 2007, Mr. Wu worked in the Corporate Finance department at Yahoo! Inc. where he executed mergers   acquisitions and strategic partnerships. He was previously in the Investment Banking Division at Bear, Stearns   Co. in
San Francisco and Los Angeles. Mr. Wu earned his B.A. in Economics from the University of California, Berkeley.   
         99   

Table of Contents  

Item 6.   
   Exhibits         Listed below
are the exhibits that are filed as part of this report (according to the number assigned to them in Item 601 of Regulation S-K):       

(*)  
  Filed herewith     
         100

Table of Contents  

      SIGNATURES    
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.       

THL CREDIT, INC.   

Date: November 9, 2016  
     
  By:  
     
  / S / S AM  W. T ILLINGHAST    

Sam W. Tillinghast    

Co-Chief Executive Officer    

Date: November 9, 2016  
     
  By:  
     
  / S / C HRISTOPHER  J. F LYNN    

Christopher J. Flynn    

Co-Chief Executive Officer    

Date: November 9, 2016  
     
  By:  
     
  / S / T ERRENCE  W. O LSON    

Terrence W. Olson    

Chief Financial Officer    
 
         101

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d273158dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1        CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER       I, Sam W. Tillinghast, certify that:   
  1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of THL Credit, Inc. (the  Registrant    
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;      3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;      4. The Registrant s other certifying
officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:      a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared;      b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles;      c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures
and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;   
  d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and      5. The Registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on my most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   
  a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and      b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 9, 2016   

By:  
     
  /s/ Sam W. Tillinghast   

Sam W. Tillinghast   

Co-Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d273158dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2        CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER       I, Christopher J. Flynn, certify that:
     1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of THL Credit, Inc. (the  Registrant    
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;      3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;      4. The Registrant s other certifying
officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:      a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared;      b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles;      c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures
and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;   
  d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and      5. The Registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on my most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   
  a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and      b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 9, 2016   

By:  
     
  /s/ Christopher J. Flynn   

Christopher J. Flynn   

Co-Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 4
 d273158dex313.htm
 EX-31.3

EX-31.3 

Exhibit 31.3        CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER       I, Terrence W. Olson, certify that:   
  1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of THL Credit, Inc. (the  Registrant    
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;      3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;      4. The Registrant s other certifying
officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:      a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared;      b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles;      c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;   
  d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and      5. The Registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   
  a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and      b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 9, 2016   

By:  
     
  /s/ Terrence W. Olson   

Terrence W. Olson   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 d273158dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1        Certification of CEO Pursuant to        18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
       as Adopted Pursuant to        Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002       In connection with the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of THL Credit, Inc. (the  Registrant ) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Sam W. Tillinghast the Co-Chief
Executive Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:   
  (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and
     (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
operations of the Registrant.       

/s/ Sam W. Tillinghast   
 
  Name:  
     
  Sam W. Tillinghast   
 
  Title:  
     
  Co-Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   
 
  Date:  
     
  November 9, 2016   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 d273158dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2        Certification of CEO Pursuant to        18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
       as Adopted Pursuant to        Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002       In connection with the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of THL Credit, Inc. (the  Registrant ) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Christopher J. Flynn, the
Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:   
  (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and
     (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
operations of the Registrant.       

/s/ Christopher J. Flynn   
 
  Name:  
     
  Christopher J. Flynn   
 
  Title:  
     
  Co-Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   
 
  Date:  
     
  November 9, 2016   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 7
 d273158dex323.htm
 EX-32.3

EX-32.3 

Exhibit 32.3        Certification of CFO Pursuant to        18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
       as Adopted Pursuant to        Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002       In connection with the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of THL Credit, Inc. (the  Registrant ) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Terrence W. Olson, the Chief
Financial Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:   
  (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and
     (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
operations of the Registrant.       

/s/ Terrence W. Olson   
 
  Name:  
     
  Terrence W. Olson   
 
  Title:  
     
  Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   
 
  Date:  
     
  November 9, 2016   

</EX-32.3>

