<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161007_10-Q_edgar_data_68270_0001437749-16-039586_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8193455</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>196191</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>340020</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2236806</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3517006</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1115308</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>36</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-16-039586.hdr.sgml : 20161007
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161007161246
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-16-039586
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		82
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160830
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161007
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161007

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RUBY TUESDAY INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000068270
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		IRS NUMBER:				630475239
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			GA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0606

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12454
		FILM NUMBER:		161928137

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		150 W CHURCH AVE
		CITY:			MARYVILLE
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37801
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2053443000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		150 W CHURCH AVE
		CITY:			MARYVILLE
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37801

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MORRISON RESTAURANTS INC/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930923

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MORRISON RESTAURANTS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930923

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MORRISON INC /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-16-039586.txt : 20161007

10-Q
 1
 rt20160816_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION       
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549    

FORM 10-Q  

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from __________ to _________ 

Commission file number     1-12454    

RUBY TUESDAY, INC.        
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in charter)   

GEORGIA   

63-0475239   

(State or other jurisdiction of 

			 incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

150 West Church Avenue, Maryville, Tennessee 37801   
 (Address of principal executive offices and zip code)  

   (865) 379-5700   
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes      No    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes      No    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer     

Accelerated filer     

Non-accelerated filer      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Smaller reporting company     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes       No     

The number of shares of common stock outstanding as of October  5, 2016, was 60,196,759.  

1

Index  

PART I  

FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  

Financial Statements  (Unaudited)   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Thirteen Weeks Ended August 30, 2016 and September 1, 2015  

4  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 30, 2016 and May 31, 2016  

5  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Thirteen Weeks Ended August 30, 2016 and September 1, 2015  

6  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

7-2   4   

Item 2.  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

2   5  -  32   

Item 3.  

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  

3   2   

Item 4.  

Controls and Procedures  

32-33  

PART II  

OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.  

Legal Proceedings  

33  

Item 1A.  

Risk Factors  

33  

Item 2.  

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

33  

Item 3.  

Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

33  

I   tem 4.   

Mine Safety Disclosures  

34  

Item 5.  

Other Information  

34  

Item 6.  

Exhibits  

34  

Signatures  

35  

2

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information  

 This  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains various forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements represent our expectations or beliefs concerning future events, including one or more of the following:  future financial performance (including our estimates of changes in same-restaurant sales, average unit volumes, operating margins, expenses, and other items), future capital expenditures, the effect of strategic initiatives (including statements relating to our asset rationalization project, cost savings initiatives, and the benefits of our marketing), the opening or closing of restaurants by us or our franchisees, sales of our real estate or purchases of new real estate, future borrowings and repayments of debt, availability of financing on terms attractive to the Company, compliance with financial covenants in our debt instruments, payment of dividends, stock and bond repurchases, restaurant acquisitions and dispositions, and changes in senior management and in the Board of Directors. We caution the reader that a number of important factors and uncertainties could, individually or in the aggregate, cause our actual results to differ materially from those included in the forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, the risks and uncertainties described in the Risk Factors included in Part I, Item A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2016 and the following:  

general economic conditions; 

changes in promotional, couponing and advertising strategies; 

changes in our customers   disposable income;  

consumer spending trends and habits; 

increased competition in the restaurant market; 

laws and regulations, including those affecting labor and employee benefit costs, such as further potential increases in state and federally mandated minimum wages and healthcare reform; 

changes in senior management or in the Board of Directors; 

the impact of pending litigation; 

customers   acceptance of changes in menu items;   

changes in the availability and cost of capital; 

potential limitations imposed by debt covenants under our debt instruments; 

weather conditions in the regions in which Company-owned and franchised restaurants are operated; 

costs and availability of food and beverage inventory, including supply and delivery shortages or interruptions; 

significant fluctuations in energy prices; 

security breaches of our customers   or employees  confidential information or personal data or the failure of our information technology and computer systems;  

our ability to attract and retain qualified managers, franchisees and team members; 

impact of adoption of new accounting standards; 

impact of food-borne illnesses resulting from an outbreak at either one of our restaurant concepts or other competing restaurant concepts; and 

effects of actual or threatened future terrorist attacks in the United States. 

3

Part I -  Financial Information   

  Item 1.  

Ruby Tuesday, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

  Condensed Con   solidated Statements of Operations and    

  Comprehensive Loss  

  (In thousands, except per-share data)  

(Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4

Ruby Tuesday, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets    
  (In thousands, except per-share data)      

(Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the  condensed consolidated financial statements.  

5

Ruby Tuesday, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
 Condensed   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows      

  (In thousands)  

(Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the  condensed consolidated financial statements.  

6

Ruby Tuesday, Inc. and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to   Condensed   Consolidated Financial Statements   

1.    Basis of Presentation   

Description of Business  

 Ruby Tuesday, Inc., including its wholly-owned subsidiaries ( RTI,  the  Company,   we,  and/or  our ), owns and operates Ruby Tuesday  casual dining restaurants. We also franchise the Ruby Tuesday concept in selected domestic and international  markets.  

As discussed further in Note 7 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements,  during the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016, we closed 99 Company-owned restaurants, 95 of which were closed following a comprehensive review of the Company s property portfolio due to perceived limited upside due to market concentration, challenged trade areas, and other factors. At August 30, 2016, we owned and operated 547 Ruby Tuesday restaurants concentrated primarily in the Southeast, Northeast, Mid-Atlantic, and Midwest of the United States, which we consider to be our core markets. We also owned and operated one Lime Fresh Mexican Grill  ( Lime Fresh ) fast casual restaurant as of August 30, 2016. As further discussed in Note 4 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, we entered into an agreement during fiscal year 2016 to sell the assets related to eight Company-owned Lime Fresh restaurants. The one remaining Company-owned Lime Fresh restaurant not closed as of August 30, 2016 is expected to be closed and transferred to the buyer prior to the end of our second quarter of fiscal year 2017.  

Basis of Presentation  

 The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Accordingly, they do not    include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included and are of a normal recurring nature. In addition, certain reclassifications were made to prior period amounts to conform to the current period presentation. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Operating results for the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of results that may be expected for the 53-week year ending June 6, 2017. These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and footnotes thereto included in RTI s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2016.   

2.    Loss Per Share   

Basic loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during each period presented. Diluted earnings per share gives effect to stock options and restricted stock outstanding during the applicable periods, except during loss periods as the effect would be anti-dilutive. The following table reflects the calculation of weighted average common and dilutive potential common shares outstanding as presented in the accompanying  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss (in thousands, except per-share data):  

7

Stock options with an exercise price greater than the average market price of our c ommon stock and certain options, restricted stock, and restricted stock units with unrecognized compensation expense do not impact the computation of diluted loss per share because the effect would be anti-dilutive. The following table summarizes on a weighted-average basis stock options, restricted stock, and restricted stock units that were excluded from the computation of diluted loss per share because their inclusion would have had an anti-dilutive effect (in thousands):  

3. Franchise Programs  

As of August 30, 2016, our franchisees collectively operated  68 domestic and international Ruby Tuesday restaurants. We do not own any equity interest in our franchisees.  

Under the terms of the franchise operating agreements, we charge a royalty fee (generally 4.0% of monthly gross sales) , a marketing and purchasing fee (generally 1.5% of monthly gross sales), and a national advertising fee (generally 1.5% of monthly gross sales as of August 30, 2016, but up to a maximum of 3.0% under the terms of the franchise operating agreements).  

Amounts received from franchisees for the marketing and purchasing fee and national advertising fee are considered by RTI to be reimbursements, recorded on an accrual basis as earned, and have been netted against Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. For the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 and September 1, 2015, we recorded $ 0.2 million and $0.5 million, respectively, in marketing and purchasing fees and national advertising fund fees.  

4. Accounts and Other Receivables  

Accounts and other receivables consist of the following (in thousands): 

We negotiate purchase arrangements, including price terms, with designated and approved suppliers on behalf of us and our franchise system. We receive various volume discounts and rebates based on purchases for our Company-owned restaurants from numerous suppliers. 

Amounts due from franchisees consist of royalties, license and other miscellaneous fees, a portion of which represents current and recently-invoiced billings.    

As of August 30, 2016 and May 31, 2016, other receivables consisted primarily of amounts due from our distributor, online ordering, sales and other miscellaneous tax refunds, and other receivables. 

Sale   s   of Lime Fresh Mexican Grill   Assets      

 On May 31, 2016, we entered into agreements with two separate buyers to sell various Lime Fresh  Mexican Grill assets. Pursuant to the terms of an asset purchase agreement with another restaurant company, we agreed to sell our eight remaining Lime Fresh Mexican Grill Company-owned restaurants for $6.0 million. Given that closing requirements were satisfied for only six of the eight restaurants, an amendment was agreed upon which allowed for the payment of $5.0 million upon the transfer of the six restaurants and the holdback of $1.0 million until such time that both of the remaining two restaurants had closed and transferred to the buyer. The six restaurants closed and were transferred on May 31, 2016. While one of the two remaining restaurants was sold and transferred to the buyer on June 14, 2016, the final restaurant is expected to remain open and be operated by Ruby Tuesday until a date in our second quarter of fiscal year 2017.  

8

The $5.3 million of receivables from sales of Lime Fresh assets  included in the table above as of May 31, 2016 consists of $5.0 million due from the buyer of our Lime Fresh restaurants, which was collected on the first day of fiscal year 2017, and $0.3 million due from the buyer of the Lime Fresh brand, of which $0.1 million remains outstanding. Given that the closing requirements were not satisfied on the two remaining restaurants as of August 30, 2016, we did not reflect those restaurants as having been sold during the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016, nor we did accrue as a receivable the $1.0 million holdback.  

5. Property, Equipment, and Assets Held for Sale  

Property and equipment, net, is comprised of the following (in thousands): 

* Surplus properties represent assets held for sale that are not classified as such in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as we  have yet to conclude that we can sell these assets within the next 12 months. These assets primarily consist of parcels of land upon which we have no intention to build restaurants, closed properties which include a building, and liquor licenses not needed for operations.  

Included within the current assets section of our  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at August 30, 2016 and May 31, 2016 are amounts classified as assets held for sale totaling $11.8 million and $4.6 million, respectively. Assets held for sale primarily consist of parcels of land upon which we have no intention to build restaurants, land and buildings of closed restaurants, and various liquor licenses. During the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 and September 1, 2015, we sold surplus properties with carrying values that were negligible and $2.1 million, respectively, at net gains of $0.1 million and $0.6 million, respectively. Cash proceeds, net of broker fees, from these sales totaled $0.1 million and $2.7 million for the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 and September 1, 2015, respectively.  

6. Long-Term Debt and Capital Leases  

Long-term debt and capital lease obligations consist of the following (in thousands): 

On May 14, 2012, we entered into an indenture (the  Indenture ) among Ruby Tuesday, Inc., certain subsidiaries of the Company as guarantors and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as trustee, governing the Company  s $250.0 million aggregate principal amount of 7.625% senior notes due 2020 (the  Senior Notes ). The Senior Notes were issued at a discount of $3.7 million, which is being amortized to interest expense, net using the effective interest method over the eight-year term of the notes.  

9

The Senior Notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by our existing and future domestic restricted subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions. They rank equal in right of payment with our existing and future senior indebtedness and senior in right of payment to any of our future subordinated indebtedness. The Senior Notes are  effectively subordinated to all of our secured debt, including borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such debt and structurally subordinated to all of the liabilities of our existing and future subsidiaries that do not guarantee the Senior Notes.  

Interest on the Senior Notes is calculated at 7.625% per annum, payable semiannually on each May 15 and November 15 to holders of record on the May 1 or November 1 immediately preceding the interest payment date.  Accrued interest on the Senior Notes and our other long-term debt and capital lease obligations was $5.0 million and $1.0 million as of August 30, 2016 and May 31, 2016, respectively, and is included in Accrued liabilities   Rent and other in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets.  

We may redeem the Senior Notes, in whole or in part, at the redemption prices specified in the Indenture plus accrued and unpaid interest. There is no sinking fund for the Senior Notes, which mature on May 15, 2020. 

The Indenture contains covenants that limit, among other things, our ability and the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to (i) incur or guarantee additional indebtedness; (ii) declare or pay dividends, redeem stock or make other distributions to stockholders; (iii) make certain investments; (iv) create liens or use assets as security in other transactions; (v) merge or consolidate, or sell, transfer, lease or dispose of substantially all of their assets; (vi) enter into transactions with affiliates;  and (vii) sell or transfer certain assets. The Indenture also restricts the declaration and payment of a dividend or other distribution on, and/or repurchase by RTI in respect of, our outstanding common stock. These covenants are subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications, as described in the Indenture, and certain covenants will not apply at any time when the Senior Notes are rated investment grade by the Rating Agencies, as defined in the Indenture. The Indenture also provides for events of default, which, if any of them occurs, would permit or require the principal, premium, if any, interest and any other monetary obligations on all the then outstanding Senior Notes to be due and payable immediately.  

On December 3, 2013, we entered into a four-year revolving credit agreement (the  Senior Credit Facility ) under which we may borrow up to $50.0 million with the option, subject to certain conditions, to increase the facility by up to $35.0 million. The terms of the Senior Credit Facility provide for a $25.0 million sublimit for the issuance of standby letters of credit. 

Under the terms of the Senior Credit Facility, interest rates charged on borrowings can  vary depending on the interest rate option we choose to utilize. Our options for the rate are a Base Rate or LIBOR plus an applicable margin, provided that the rate shall not be less than zero. The Base Rate is defined as the highest of the issuing bank s prime rate, the Federal Funds rate plus 0.50%, or the Adjusted LIBO rate (as defined in the Senior Credit Facility) plus 1.0%. The applicable margin for the LIBOR-based option is a percentage ranging from 2.50% to 3.50% and for the Base Rate option is a percentage ranging from 1.50% to 2.50%. We pay commitment fees quarterly ranging from 0.40% to 0.75% on the unused portion of the Senior Credit Facility.  

As security for the Senior Credit Facility, we granted the lenders liens and security interests in substantially all of the shares of capital stock of the Company and each of our present and future subsidiaries, substantially all of the personal property of the Company and each of our present and future subsidiaries, and the real property, improvements, and fixtures of 49 Ruby Tuesday restaurants. The real property, improvements, and fixtures of the 49 restaurants pledged as collateral appraised at $101.4 million at the time of the transaction and have a n August 30, 2016 net book value of $77.8 million.  

We had no borrowings outstanding under the Senior Credit Facility at  August 30, 2016. After consideration of letters of credit outstanding, we had $38.5 million available under the Senior Credit Facility as of August 30, 2016.  

The Senior Credit Facility contains a number of customary affirmative and negative covenants that, among other things, limit or restrict our ability to incur liens, engage in mergers or other fundamental changes, make acquisitions, investments, loans and advances, pay dividends or other distributions, sell or otherwise dispose of certain assets, engage in certain transactions with affiliates, enter into burdensome agreements or certain hedging agreements, amend organizational documents, change accounting practices, incur additional indebtedness and prepay other indebtedness. 

Under the terms of the Senior Credit Facility we are allowed, under certain circumstances, to repurchase up to $20.0 million of the S enior Notes in any fiscal year. We did not repurchase any Senior Notes during the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016.   

Under the Senior Credit Facility, we are required to comply with financial covenants relating to the maintenance of a maximum leverage ratio and a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. The terms of the Senior Credit Facility require us to maintain a maximum leverage ratio of no more than 4.40 to 1.0 and a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.60 to 1.0 for the quarter ended  August 30, 2016. For the remainder of fiscal year 2017, the Senior Credit Facility requires us  

10

to maintain a maximum leverage ratio of 4.30 to 1.0 for our second and third fiscal quarters and 4.25 to 1.0 for our fourth fiscal quarter, and requires us to maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.65 to 1.0 for our second and third fiscal quarters and 1.70 to 1.0 for our fourth fiscal quarter.  

The Senior Credit Facility terminates no later than December 3, 2017.   Upon the occurrence of an event of default, the lenders may terminate the loan commitments, accelerate all loans and exercise any of their rights under the Senior Credit Facility and any ancillary loan documents.  

On December 3, 2013, in connection with our entry into the Senior Credit Facility, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries entered into loan modification agreements (the  Loan Modification Agreements ) with certain mortgage lenders to, among other things, provide waivers and consents under certain of our mortgage loan obligations to enter into the Senior Credit Facility. The Loan Modification Agreements also amended certain financial reporting requirements under the specified loans and modified and/or provided for certain financial covenants for the specified loans, including the maximum leverage ratio and the minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. 

We were in compliance with our maximum leverage ratio and our minimum fixed charge coverage ratio as of  August 30, 2016.  

Our $15. 2 million in mortgage loan obligations as of August 30, 2016 consists of various loans acquired upon franchise acquisitions. These loans, which mature between January 2017 and October 2021, have balances which range from $0.6 million to $6.8 million and interest rates of 7.60% to 10.17%. Included in our current maturities of long-term debt as of August 30, 2016 is $9.4 million related to two mortgage loan obligations that have balloon payments due during the third quarter of fiscal year 2017. Many of the properties acquired from franchisees collateralize the loans outstanding.  

7. Closures and Impairments Expense  

Closures and impairments, net include the following (in thousands): 

During the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016, we closed  99 Company-owned restaurants, 95 of which were closed in connection with an asset rationalization plan announced on August 11, 2016. The plan was formulated in response to a comprehensive review of our property portfolio through the planned closure of restaurants with perceived limited upside due to market concentration, challenged trade areas, or other factors. Included within Closures and impairments, net for the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 are closed restaurant lease reserves, inventory write-off, severance benefits, and other closing expense of $24.7 million related to these closures.   

A rollforward of our future lease obligations associated with closed restaurants is as follows (in thousands): 

The amounts comprising future lease obligations in the table above are estimated using certain assumptions, including the period of time it will take to settle the lease with the landlord or find a suitable sublease tenant, and the amount of actual future cash payments could differ from our recorded lease obligations. Of the total future lease obligations included in the table above,  $27.9 million is included within Accrued liabilities   Rent and other, $3.5 million is included within Deferred escalating minimum rent, and $0.5 million is included within Other deferred liabilities in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of August 30, 2016. For the remainder of fiscal year 2017 and beyond, our focus will be on obtaining settlements, or subleases as necessary, on as many of these leases as possible and these settlements could be higher or lower than the amounts recorded. The actual amount of any cash payments made by the   

11

Company for lease contract termination costs will be dependent upon ongoing negotiations with the landlords of the leased restaurant properties.  

8. Employee Post-Employment Benefits   

Pension and Postretirement Medical and Life Benefits   

 We sponsor three defined benefit pension plans for active employees and offer certain postretirement benefits for retirees. A summary of each of these is presented below. 

Retirement Plan  
 RTI sponsors the Morrison Restaurants Inc. Retirement Plan (the  Retirement Plan ). Effective December 31, 1987, the Retirement Plan was amended so that no additional benefits would accrue and no new participants could enter the Retirement Plan after that date. Participants receive benefits based upon salary and length of service.  

Minimum funding for the Retirement Plan is determined in accordance with the guidelines set forth in employee benefit and tax laws. From time to  time we may contribute additional amounts as we deem appropriate. We estimate that we will be required to make contributions totaling $0.1 million to the Retirement Plan during the remainder of fiscal year 2017.  

Executive Supplemental Pension Plan and Management Retirement Plan   
 Under these unfunded defined benefit pension plans, eligible employees earn supplemental retirement income based upon salary and length of service, reduced by social security benefits and amounts otherwise receivable under other specified Company retirement plans. Effective June 1, 2001, the Management Retirement Plan was amended so that no additional benefits would accrue and no new participants could enter the plan after that date. In December 2015, the Executive Supplemental Pension Plan was similarly amended effective as of January 1, 2016 for current participants, and as of January 1, 2018 for two specified potential participants, who are currently not named executive officers.  

Included in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 30, 2016 and May 31, 2016 are amounts within Accrued liabilities: Payroll and related costs of  $2.5 million as of both dates and amounts within Other deferred liabilities of $34.7 million and $35.7 million, respectively, relating to our three defined benefit pension plans.  

Postretirement Medical and Life Benefits  
 Our Postretirement Medical and Life Benefits plans provide medical benefits to substantially all retired employees and life insurance benefits to certain retirees. The medical plan requires retiree cost sharing provisions that are more substantial for employees who retire after January 1, 1990.  

Included in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 30, 2016 and May 31, 2016 are amounts within Accrued liabilities: Payroll and related costs of $0.1 million as of both dates and amounts within Other deferred liabilities of $1.0 million as of both dates relating to our postretirement medical and life benefits. 

The following tables detail the components of net periodic benefit cost for the Retirement Plan, Management Retirement Plan, and the Executive Supplemental Pension Plan (collectively, the  Pension Plans ) and the Postretirement Medical  and Life Benefits plans, which is recorded as a component of Selling, general, and administrative expense, net in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss (in thousands):  

12

During the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 and September 1, 2015, we reclassified recognized actuarial losses of $ 0.4 million and $0.7 million, respectively, out of accumulated other comprehensive loss and into pension expense, which is included in Selling, general and administrative, net within our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss.  

We also sponsor two defined contribution retirement savings plans. Information regarding these plans is included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended  May 31, 2016.  

Restaurant Closures and      Corporate Restructuring    

 W e closed 99 Company-owned restaurants during the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016, 95 of which were closed in connection with an asset rationalization plan as previously discussed in Note 7 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  

A s of both August 30, 2016 and May 31, 2016, liabilities of $0.3 million, representing unpaid obligations related to employee severance and vacation accruals, were included within Accrued liabilities: Payroll and related costs in our Consolidated Balance Sheet. Costs of $1.7 million and $0.3 million reflected in the table below related to employee severance and unused vacation accruals are included within Closures and impairments, net and Selling, general, and administrative, net, respectively, in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. A roll forward of our obligations in connection with employee separations is as follows (in thousands):  

As further discussed in Note 14 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, on  September 13, 2016, James J. Buettgen resigned as the Chairman of the Board of Directors, President, and Chief Executive Officer of the Company.   

9. Income Taxes  

Under Accounting Standards Codification 740 ( ASC 740 ), companies are required  to apply their estimated annual tax rate on a year-to-date basis in each interim period. Under ASC 740, companies should not apply the estimated annual tax rate to interim financial results if the estimated annual tax rate is not reliably predictable. In this situation, the interim tax rate should be based on the actual year-to-date results. Due to changes in our projections, which have fluctuated as we work through our brand repositioning, a reliable projection of our annual effective rate has been difficult to determine. As such, we recorded a tax provision for the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 and September 1, 2015 based on the actual year-to-date results, in accordance with ASC 740.  

We regularly evaluate the need for a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets by assessing  whether it is more likely than not that we will realize the deferred tax assets in the future.  A valuation allowance assessment is performed each reporting period, with any additions or adjustments reflected in earnings in the period of assessment.  In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider both positive and negative evidence related to the likelihood of realization of the deferred tax assets for each jurisdiction. As of May 31, 2016, we have rolling three-year historical operating losses and have concluded that the negative evidence outweighs the positive evidence.   

In accordance with the applicable accounting standards, we are unable to use future income projections to support the realization of our deferred tax assets as a consequence of the above conclusion.    Instead, in determining the appropriate amount of the valuation allowance, we considered the timing of future reversal of our taxable temporary differences and available tax strategies that, if implemented, would result in the realization of deferred tax assets. Our valuation allowance for deferred tax assets totaled $106.2 million and $89.9 million as of August 30, 2016 and May 31, 2016, respectively.   

We recorded a tax benefit of $ 1.7 million and $1.0 million for the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 and September 1, 2015, respectively. Netted against our tax benefit was a charge of $16.3 million representing the amount reserved for the increase in deferred tax assets during the quarter which primarily related to general business credit carryforwards and federal and state net operating loss carryforwards.   

We had a gross liability for unrecognized tax benefits, exclusive of accrued interest and penalties, of $ 4.6 million and $4.5 million, respectively, as of August 30, 2016 and May 31, 2016, of which $3.7 million was reclassified against our deferred tax assets as of both dates. As of August 30, 2016 and May 31, 2016, the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact our effective tax rate was $2.4 million and $2.3 million, respectively. The liability for unrecognized tax benefits as of August 30, 2016 includes $0.4 million related to tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total  

13

amounts could change within the next twelve months based on the outcome of examinations and negotiations with tax authorities.  

Interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are recognized as components of income tax expense. As of  both August 30, 2016 and May 31, 2016, we had accrued $0.4 million for the payment of interest and penalties. During the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, accrued interest and penalties increased by an insignificant amount.  

At  August 30, 2016, we are no longer subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations by tax authorities for fiscal years prior to 2012, and with few exceptions, we are no longer subject to state and local examinations by tax authorities prior to fiscal year 2013.   

10. Share-Based Employee Compensation   

Preferred Stock   

 RTI is authorized, under its Certificate of Incorporation, to issue up to 250,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.01. These shares may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Each series will have dividend rates, rights of conversion and redemption, liquidation prices, and other terms or conditions as determined by the Board of Directors. No preferred shares have been issued as of  August 30, 2016 and May 31, 2016.   

The Ruby Tuesday, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan and the Ruby Tuesday, Inc. 1996 Stock Incentive Plan   

 A committee, appointed by the Board of Directors, administers the Ruby Tuesday, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan ( SIP ) and the Ruby Tuesday, Inc. 1996 Stock Incentive Plan ( 1996 SIP ), and has full authority in its discretion to determine the key employees, officers, and non-employee directors to whom share-based incentives are granted and the terms and provisions of share-based incentives. Stock option grants under the SIP and 1996 SIP can have varying vesting provisions and exercise periods as determined by such committee. A majority of currently outstanding stock options granted under the SIP and 1996 SIP vest within three years following the date of grant and expire seven years after the date of grant. The SIP and 1996 SIP permit the committee to make awards of shares of common stock, awards of stock options or other derivative securities related to the value of the common  stock, and certain cash awards to eligible persons. These discretionary awards may be made on an individual basis or for the benefit of a group of eligible persons. All stock options awarded under the SIP and 1996 SIP have been awarded with an exercise price equal to the fair market value at the time of grant.  

At  August 30, 2016, we had reserved a total of 6,726,000 shares of common stock for the SIP and 1996 SIP. Of the reserved shares at August 30, 2016, 2,282,000 were subject to stock options outstanding. Stock option exercises are settled with the issuance of new shares. Net shares of common stock available for issuance at August 30, 2016 were 4,444,000.  

Stock Options   

 The following table summarizes our stock option activity under these stock option plans for the  13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 (Stock Options and Aggregate Intrinsic Value are in thousands):  

At May 31, 2016, there was approximately $ 1.1 million of unrecognized pre-tax compensation expense related to non-vested stock options. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.9 years.  

During the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016, we granted 809,000 service-based stock options to certain employees under the terms of the SIP. The stock options awarded vest in equal annual installments over a three-year period following grant of the award, and have a maximum life of seven years.         

14

Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units ( RSU )   

 The following table summarizes our restricted stock and RSU activity for the  13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 (in thousands, except per-share data):   

The  fair value of restricted stock and RSU awards is based on the closing price of our common stock on the date prior to the grant date. At August 30, 2016, unrecognized compensation expense related to restricted stock and RSU grants expected to vest totaled $2.5 million and will be recognized over a weighted average vesting period of 1.6 years.  

During  the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016, we granted 286,000 service-based RSUs to certain employees under the terms of the SIP and 1996 SIP. The service-based RSUs will vest in three equal installments over a three-year period following the date of grant.   

Also during the 13 weeks ended August  30, 2016, we granted 571,000 performance-based stock units that will settle in cash and vest approximately three years after the grant date. Vesting of the performance-based stock units is contingent upon the Company s achievement of a same-restaurant sales performance condition related to the next three fiscal years. Included in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 30, 2016 and May 31, 2016 are amounts within Other deferred liabilities of $0.4 million and $0.2 million, respectively, relating to all of our long-term incentive awards that will settle in cash.  

I ncluded within Selling, general, and administrative, net in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss is share-based compensation expense of $0.9 million for the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 and net credit of $0.3 million for the 13 weeks ended September 1, 2015 as a result of forfeitures.  

1   1  . Commitments and Contingencies   

Litigation   

 We are presently, and from time to time, subject to pending claims and lawsuits arising in the ordinary course of business. We provide reserves for such claims when payment is probable and estimable in accordance with GAAP. At this time, in the opinion of management, the ultimate resolution of pending legal proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial position, or cash flows. 

1   2  . Fair Value Measurements   

The following table presents the fair values of our financial assets and  liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the measurements fall (in thousands):  

There were no transfers among levels within the fair value hierarchy during  the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016.  

The Deferred Compensation Plan and the Ruby Tuesday, Inc. Restated Deferred Compensation Plan ( the  Predecessor Plan ) are unfunded, non-qualified deferred compensation plans for eligible employees. Assets earmarked to pay benefits under the Deferred Compensation Plan and Predecessor Plan are held by a rabbi trust. We report the accounts of the rabbi trust in our Consolidated Financial Statements. The investments held by these plans are considered trading securities and are reported at fair value based on third-party broker statements. The realized and unrealized holding gains and losses related to these other   

15

investments, as well as the offsetting compensation expense, is recorded in Selling, general, and administrative expense, net in the Consolidated Financial Statements.  

The investment in RTI common stock and related liability payable in RTI common stock, which are reflected in Shareholders   Equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, are excluded from the fair value table above as these are considered treasury shares and reported at cost.  

The following table  presents the fair values on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 30, 2016 for those assets and liabilities measured on a non-recurring basis (in thousands):  

The following table presents the losses recognized during the  13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 and September 1, 2015 resulting from fair value measurements of assets and liabilities measured on a non-recurring basis. The amounts presented are included in Closures and impairments, net in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss (in thousands):  

Long-lived assets held for sale are valued using Level 2 inputs, primarily from information obtained through broker listings or sales agreements. Costs to market and/or sell are factored into the estimates of fair value for those properties included in Assets held for sale on our  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets.  

We review our long-lived assets (primarily property, equipment, and, as appropriate, reacquired franchise rights and favorable leases) related to each restaurant to be held and used in the business, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a restaurant may not be recoverable. 

Long-lived assets held for use presented in the table above includes restaurants or groups of restaurants that we have impaired. From time to time, the table will also include closed restaurants or surplus sites not meeting held for sale criteria that have been offered for sale at a price less than their carrying value. 

The fair values of our long-lived assets held for use are primarily based on broker estimates of the value of the land, building, leasehold improvements, and other residual assets (Level 2). 

Our  financial instruments at August 30, 2016 and May 31, 2016 consisted of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and payable, and long-term debt. The fair values of cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable and payable approximated their carrying values because of the short-term nature of these instruments. The carrying amounts and fair values of our long-term debt, which are not measured on a recurring basis using fair value, are as follows (in thousands):  

We estimated the fair value of debt using market quotes and calculations based on market rates.     

16

13   . Supplemental Condensed Consolidating Financial Statements   

As discussed in Note 6 to the  Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, the Senior Notes are a liability of Ruby Tuesday, Inc. (the  Parent ) and are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by our existing and future domestic restricted subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions (the  Guarantors ). Each of the Guarantors is wholly-owned by Ruby Tuesday, Inc. None of the few remaining subsidiaries of Ruby Tuesday, Inc., which were primarily created to hold liquor license assets, guarantee the Senior Notes (the  Non-Guarantors ). Our Non-Guarantor subsidiaries are immaterial and are aggregated within the Parent information disclosed below.   

The following condensed consolidating financial information, which has been prepared in accordance with the requirements for presentation of Rule 3-10(f) of Regulation S-X promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission, presents the condensed consolidating financial information separately for the Parent, the Guarantors, and elimination entries necessary to consolidate the Parent and Guarantors. Investments in wholly-owned subsidiaries are accounted for using the equity method for purposes of the consolidated presentation. The principal elimination entries eliminate investments in subsidiaries and intercompany balances and transactions. 

17

Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheet   

  As of August 30, 2016  

  (In thousands)  

18

Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheet  

  As of May 31, 2016  

  (In thousands)  

19

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Operations and  

  Comprehensive Loss  

  For the    Thirteen Weeks Ended August 30, 2016   

  (In thousands)  

20

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Operations and  

  Comprehensive Loss  

  For the    Thirteen Weeks Ended September 1, 2015   

  (In thousands)  

21

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows  

  For the    Thirteen Weeks Ended August 30, 2016   

  (In thousands)  

22

Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows  

  For the    Thirteen Weeks Ended September 1, 2015   

  (In thousands)  

14. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements  

Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted   

 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842)  ( ASU 2016-02 ), which requires lessees to recognize on the balance sheet a right-of-use asset, representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term, and a lease liability for all leases with terms greater than 12 months. The guidance also requires qualitative and quantitative disclosures designed to assess the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. The standard requires the use of a modified retrospective transition approach, which includes a number of optional practical expedients that entities may elect to apply. ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods therein (our fiscal year 2020). Early application is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.   

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,   Presentation of Finan  cial Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern  ( ASU 2014-15 ) .  The guidance requires an entity to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued and to provide related footnote disclosures in certain circumstances. The guidance is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016, and for interim periods within annual periods beginning thereafter (our fiscal year 2017). We do not believe the adoption of this guidance will have an impact on our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  

In May 2014, the FASB and International Accounting Standards Board jointly issued ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  ( ASU 2014-09 ) .  ASU 2014-09 will replace almost all existing revenue recognition guidance, including industry specific guidance, upon its effective date. The standard s core principle is for a company to recognize revenue when it transfers goods or services to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled. A company may also need to use more judgment and make more estimates when recognizing revenue, which could result in additional disclosures. ASU 2014-09 also provides guidance for transactions that were not addressed comprehensively in previous guidance, such as the recognition of breakage income from the sale of gift cards. The standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. The guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017 (our fiscal year 2019). Early application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to impact our recognition of Company-owned restaurants sales and operating revenue or our recognition of continuing fees from franchisees, which are based on a percentage of franchise sales. We have not yet selected a transition method and are continuing to evaluate the impact of this guidance on our less significant revenue transactions, such as initial franchise license fees.  

23

15. Subsequent Events  

On September 13, 2016, James J. Buettgen resigned as Chairman of the Board  of Directors, President, and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. On the same date, F. Lane Cardwell, Jr., a member of the Company s Board of Directors since October 2012 and an executive with approximately 38 years of leadership experience in the restaurant industry, was appointed Interim President and Chief Executive Officer, Stephen I. Sadove, the Company s then Lead Director, was appointed Chairman of the Board and Sue Briley was appointed Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Briley had been serving as Interim Chief Financial Officer since June 2016.  

On September 22, 2016, we announced that we had entered into an agreement to sell for $2.8 million one of two  office buildings comprising our Restaurant Support Center in Maryville, Tennessee. The building being sold had an August 30, 2016 net book value of $6.0 million. We also announced that we will consolidate our two Tennessee Restaurant Support Center office buildings into the one remaining building by January 2017.   

As previously mentioned in Note 7 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements,  we had a liability for future lease obligations of $31.9 million as of August 30, 2016.  Since then and through the date of this filing  , we settled seven of these leases for $3.1 million, which approximated the amount of our accrual for those leases at August 30, 2016.   

24

Item    2  . Management s Discussion and Analysis   

  of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

The discussion and analysis below for the Company should be read in conjunction with the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes to such financial statements included  elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The discussion below contains forward-looking statements which should be read in conjunction with the  Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information  included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.   

Introduction  

 Ruby Tuesday, Inc., including its wholly-owned subsidiaries ( RTI,  the  Company,   we  and/or  our ), owns and operates Ruby Tuesday  casual dining restaurants. We also franchise the Ruby Tuesday concept in select domestic and international markets. As of August 30, 2016, we owned and operated 547, and franchised  68, Ruby Tuesday restaurants. Ruby Tuesday restaurants can be found in 42 states, 14 foreign countries, and Guam.  

On August 11, 2016, following a comprehensive review of the Company  s property portfolio and in conjunction with the launch of a Fresh Start initiative as discussed below, we announced a plan to close 95 Company-owned restaurants with perceived limited upside due to market concentration, challenged trade areas, and other factors. The plan was designed to streamline the organization through asset rationalization, improve financial profitability, and ultimately create long-term value for shareholders. All of the identified restaurants were closed prior to August 30, 2016.  

In an effort to focus on our core Ruby Tuesday concept, during the second quarter of fiscal year 2016 we entered into an agreement to sell  our eight remaining Company-owned Lime Fresh Mexican Grill  ( Lime Fresh ) restaurants, six of which we closed and transferred to the buyer during fiscal year 2016. During the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, we completed the closure and transfer of one of the two remaining Lime Fresh restaurants.   

Overview and Strategies  

 The bar and grill segment of the casual dining industry in which we primarily operate is intensely competitive with respect to prices, services, convenience, locations, employees, advertising and promotion, and the types and quality of food. We compete with other food service operations, including locally-owned restaurants, and other national and regional restaurant chains that offer similar types of services and products as we do.  We continue to believe there are opportunities to grow our same-restaurant sales, strengthen our competitive position, enhance our profitability, and create value through the execution of the following strategies:  

Enhancing Our Business Model    

 Over the past few fiscal years, we  have developed strategies to reduce our overall cost structure in the areas of cost of goods sold, payroll and related costs, and selling, general, and administrative expenses. In April 2014, we implemented a new labor management system to facilitate more efficient staffing that we expect will precipitate lower labor costs. We have also implemented enhanced business processes and capabilities, such as an inventory/food waste management system that we expect should benefit our business model by reducing food waste and manager time on inventory management leading to a better customer experience and improved profitability.  

Launch of Fresh Start Initiative    

 In August 2016, we announced the launch of our Fresh Start initiative which is intended to streamline our organization, improve financial profitability and ultimately create long-term value for our shareholders. The Fresh Start initiative was developed to drive more significant topline growth and profitability over time by re-engaging with more women and young families, which we believe represents the largest opportunity for incremental sales growth. The key components of the Fresh Start initiative will be rolled out in phases across multiple markets and include: 

The Asset Rationalization Plan which involved a comprehensive unit-level review and analysis of the sales, cash flows and other key performance metrics of our corporate-owned restaurant properties, as well as site location, market positioning and lease status. Based upon our findings, we concluded that it was in the Company s and our shareholders  best interest to close  95 underperforming restaurants. These 95 restaurants, along with four restaurants closed prior to the announcement of the plan, were closed during the first quarter of fiscal year 2017.   

A Fresh New Menu which is intended to provide culinary innovation and value to our guests while simplifying recipes and procedures for our kitchen. As consumer preference continues to migrate toward healthier food options, we are seeking to make meaningful improvements in our core menu that will incorporate hand-crafted American favorites but will contain more lean proteins and fresh vegetables. 

A Fresh New Garden Bar which we are restaging and optimizing to offer over 50 items in order to provide the most desirable offering in a cost effective way. The Garden Bar is a key brand differentiator that sets us apart from our competition and is the most important item on our menu. Approximately half our guests utilize the Garden Bar when they dine with us, either as an add-on or as a main course. 

25

A Fresh New Experience which is focused on revitalizing our brand through improving our service and overall guest experience. As part of our work in this area, we are further testing remodels. Following the outcome of our restaurant portfolio review, we have prioritized those locations that warrant a remodel and the appropriate investment level based on the revenue potential. Additionally, we are working with our teams at the restaurant level with service initiatives to improve the pace of meals and attentiveness, particularly through menu simplification. 

Strengthen our Balance Sheet to Facilitate Growth and Value Creation   

 Our  priority for the use of cash is to drive shareholder value. Our objective is to continue to maintain adequate cash levels to support business needs, while investing in key components of our Fresh Start initiatives. In fiscal year 2017, as a result of our Asset Rationalization Plan, we expect fluctuations in cash balances as we hope to generate cash through the sale of surplus properties while using cash to settle leases for closed restaurants. Additionally, from time to time, we will consider other options for cash such as reducing outstanding debt levels and share repurchases within the limitations of our debt covenants. Our success in the key strategic initiatives outlined above should enable us to improve both our returns on assets and equity and create additional shareholder value.  

This  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ( MD A ) is based upon our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make subjective or complex judgments that may affect the reported financial condition and results of operations. We base our estimates on historical experience and other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable in the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We continually evaluate the information used to make these estimates as our business and the economic environment changes.     

Results of Operations  

 The  following is an overview of our results of operations for the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016:   

Net loss was $ 39.7 million for the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 compared to $4.2 million for the corresponding period of the previous fiscal year. Diluted loss per share for the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 was $0.66 compared to $0.07 for the corresponding period of the prior fiscal year as a result of an increase in net loss as discussed later within this MD A.  

D uring the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016:  

Same-restaurant sales* at Company-owned Ruby Tuesday restaurants decreased  2.7% compared to the corresponding period of the prior fiscal year, while same-restaurant sales at domestic franchise Ruby Tuesday restaurants increased 0.5%;  

9 5 Company-owned Ruby Tuesday restaurants were closed in connection with our Fresh Start initiative, which resulted in additional closed restaurant lease reserves, inventory write-off, severance benefits, and other closing expense of $24.7 million;  

Four other Company-owned Ruby Tuesday restaurants were closed as expected at, or near, lease expiration; 

One  franchised Ruby Tuesday restaurant was opened and 11 were closed; and  

One Company-owned Lime Fresh restaurant was closed .  

* We define same-restaurant sales as a year-over-year comparison of sales volumes for restaurants that, in the current year have been open at least 18 months, in order to remove the impact of new openings in comparing the operations of existing restaurants. 

Additionally, o n September 13, 2016, James J. Buettgen resigned as Chairman of the Board of Directors, President, and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. On the same date, F. Lane Cardwell, Jr., a member of the Company s Board of Directors since October 2012 and an executive with approximately 38 years of leadership experience in the restaurant industry, was appointed Interim President and Chief Executive Officer, Stephen I. Sadove, the Company s then Lead Director, was appointed Chairman of the Board, and Sue Briley, who had been serving as interim Chief Financial Officer since June 2016, was appointed Chief Financial Officer.  

26

Operating Profit  

 The following table sets forth selected restaurant operating data as a percentage of restaurant sales and operating revenue or total revenue,  as appropriate, for the periods indicated. All information is derived from our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  

(1)      As a percentage of restaurant sales and operating revenue.   

The following table shows Company-owned Ruby Tuesday and Lime Fresh concept restaurant activity for the 13-week periods ended  August 30, 2016 and September 1, 2015.  

The following table shows franchised Ruby Tuesday concept restaurant activity for the 13-week periods ended  August 30, 2016 and September 1, 2015.  

27

Re   venue    

 R estaurant sales and operating revenue for the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 decreased 8.0% to $255.8 million compared to the corresponding period of the prior fiscal year. This decrease is primarily a result of restaurant closings since the corresponding period of the prior fiscal year coupled with a 2.7% decrease in same-restaurant sales at Company-owned Ruby Tuesday restaurants. The decrease in Ruby Tuesday concept same-restaurant sales is attributable to a 3.1% decrease in customer traffic offset by a 0.3% increase in net check.  

Franchise revenue  for the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 decreased 43.2% to $0.9 million compared to the corresponding period of the prior fiscal year. Franchise revenue is predominantly comprised of domestic and international royalties, which totaled $0.9 million and $1.6 million for the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 and September 1, 2015, respectively. The decrease compared to the corresponding period of the prior fiscal year is primarily the result of the closure of ten restaurants by one of our domestic franchisees, the sale of our Lime Fresh franchising rights, and the royalty fee payment default of one of our international franchisees since the corresponding period of the prior fiscal year.        

Pre-tax    Loss   

 Pre-tax loss increased $36.2  million to $41.4 million for the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 compared to the corresponding period of the prior fiscal year. The increase in pre-tax loss is due primarily to higher closures and impairments expense ($27.5 million), a decrease in same-restaurant sales of 2.7% at Company-owned Ruby Tuesday restaurants, and an increase, as a percentage of restaurant sales and operating revenue or total revenue, as appropriate, of costs of goods sold, payroll and related costs, and selling, general, and administrative, net. These were partially offset by a decrease in interest expense, net ($1.1 million) and a decrease, as a percentage of restaurant sales and operating revenue, of depreciation and amortization.  

In the paragraphs that follow, we discuss in more detail the components of the changes in pre-tax loss  for the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 compared to the corresponding period of the prior fiscal year. Because a significant portion of the costs recorded in the cost of goods sold, payroll and related costs, other restaurant operating costs, and depreciation categories are either variable or highly correlate with the number of restaurants we operate, we evaluate our trends by comparing the costs as a percentage of restaurant sales and operating revenue, as well as the absolute dollar change, to the comparable prior fiscal year period.   

Cost of Goods Sold  
 Cost of goods sold decreased $4.1 million (5.3%) to $72.2 million for the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016, compared to the corresponding period of the prior fiscal year. As a percentage of restaurant sales and operating revenue, cost of goods sold increased from 27.4% to 28.2%.   

The absolute dollar decrease in cost of goods sold for the  13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 was primarily the result of restaurant closures and a decline in same-restaurant sales, which were offset by price increases on certain commodity items since the corresponding period of the prior fiscal year coupled with a shift in menu mix associated with promotional activity offset by cost savings from our inventory management system.  

As a percentage of restaurant sales and operating revenue, the increase in cost of goods sold for the  13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 is primarily the result of price increases on certain commodity items and a shift in menu mix associated with menu changes and promotional activity since the corresponding period of the prior fiscal year as discussed above.   

Payroll and Related Costs  
 Payroll and related costs decreased $4.7 million (5.0%) to $90.6 million for the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 compared to the corresponding period of the prior fiscal year. As a percentage of restaurant sales and operating revenue, payroll and related costs increased from 34.3% to 35.4%.  

The absolute dollar decrease in pay roll and related costs for the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 was primarily due to restaurant closures, reductions in overtime as a result of scheduling improvements, decreased management labor costs, and lower health insurance due to favorable claims experience since the corresponding period of the prior fiscal year. These reductions were partially offset by wage inflation and higher workers  compensation costs due to unfavorable claims experience.  

As a percentage of restaurant sales and operating revenue, the increase in payroll and related costs for the  13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 is primarily the result of wage inflation and loss of leveraging associated with lower sales volumes.  

28

Other Restaurant Operating Costs  
 Other restaurant operating costs decreased $4.8 million (7.8%) to $57.4 million for the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 compared to the corresponding period of the prior fiscal year. As a percentage of restaurant sales and operating revenue, other restaurant operating costs was consistent with the corresponding period of the prior fiscal year at 22.4% as lower costs as discussed below were offset by a loss of leveraging associated with lower sales volumes.   

For the  13 weeks ended August 30, 2016, the decrease in other restaurant operating costs related to the following (in thousands):   

The  absolute dollar decrease in other restaurant operating costs for the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 was a result of lower rent and leasing, building repairs, and utilities, due in part to restaurant closures since the corresponding period of the prior fiscal year.  

Depreciation and Amortization  
 Depreciation and amortization expense decreased $1.6 million (12.3%) to $11.2 million for the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 compared to the corresponding period of the prior fiscal year. As a percentage of restaurant sales and operating revenue, depreciation expense decreased from 4.6% to 4.4%.  

The absolute dollar decrease in depreciation and amortization for the  13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 is the result of assets that became fully depreciated or were impaired since the corresponding period of the prior fiscal year due primarily to restaurant closures.  

Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses, Net  
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses, net increased $2.2 million (7.4%) to $31.6 million for the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 compared to the corresponding period of the prior fiscal year.   

The in crease for the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 is due to higher advertising ($2.0 million) and general and administrative costs ($0.2 million). The increase in advertising is primarily a result of higher internet, direct mail, and other promotional advertising costs offset by decreases in television, magazine, and newspaper advertising. The increase in general and administrative costs is primarily due to higher share-based compensation expense as a result of a forfeiture credit in the corresponding period of the prior fiscal year, a higher accrual for executive bonus, and increased severance and other costs. These were partially offset by higher earnings from company-owned life insurance policies, coupled with lower employee pension-related costs and travel expenses.   

Closures and Impairments, Net  

 Closures and impairments, net increased $ 27.5 million to $30.2 million for the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016, as compared to the corresponding period of the prior fiscal year. The $27.5 million increase is primarily due to higher closed restaurant lease reserve expense ($17.1 million), inventory write-off, severance benefits, and other closing costs ($5.8 million), and property impairment charges ($4.0 million), coupled with lower gains on the sale of surplus properties ($0.6 million).  

As previously  discussed in Note 7 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, during the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016, we closed 99 Company-owned restaurants, 95 of which were closed in connection with an asset rationalization plan announced on August 11, 2016. The plan was formulated in response to a comprehensive review of our property portfolio through the planned closure of restaurants with perceived limited upside due to market concentration, challenged trade areas, or other factors. Included within Closures and impairments, net for the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 are closed restaurant lease reserves, inventory write-off, severance benefits, and other closing expense of $24.7 million related to these closures.     

See Note  7 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on our closures and impairment charges recorded during the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 and September 1, 2015.   

29

Within  our impairment analysis for the 13-week period ended August 30, 2016, we had 22 restaurants that had been open for more than six full quarters with rolling 12-month negative cash flows of which 12 have been impaired to salvage value. Of the remaining 10 restaurants, we reviewed the plans to improve cash flows and determined that no impairments were necessary. The remaining net book value of the 10 restaurants, none of which are located on owned properties, was $4.3 million at August 30, 2016.  

Should cash flows at these cash flow negative restaurants not improve within a reasonable period of time, further impairment charges may occur. Considerable management judgment is necessary to estimate future cash flows, including cash flows from continuing use, terminal value, closure costs, salvage value, and sublease income. Accordingly, actual results could vary significantly from quarter to quarter and from our estimates. 

Interest    Expense, Net  
Interest expense, net decreased $1.1 million to $4.9 million for the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016, as compared to the corresponding period of the prior fiscal year, primarily due to the early payoff of certain mortgage loans and repurchases of our Senior Notes during the prior fiscal year.   

Benefit for Income Taxes  

 We recorded a tax benefit of $1.7 million and $1.0 million for the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 and September 1, 2015, respectively. Netted against our tax benefit was a charge of $ 16.3 million representing the amount reserved for the increase in deferred tax assets during the quarter which primarily related to general business credit carryforwards and federal and state net operating loss carryforwards.  

We regularly evaluate the need for a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets by assessing whether it is more likely than not that we will realize the deferred tax assets in the future.   A valuation allowance assessment is performed each reporting period, with any additions or adjustments reflected in earnings in the period of assessment.  In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider both positive and negative evidence related to the likelihood of realization of the deferred tax assets for each jurisdiction.   

Under ASC 740, we are required to assess whether a valuation allowance should be established against our deferred tax assets based on the consideration of all available evidence using a  more likely than not  standard. In making such judgments, significant weight is given to evidence that can be objectively verified. As a result of, among other charges, closures and impairments, we currently reflect a three-year cumulative pre-tax loss. A cumulative pre-tax loss is given more weight than projections of future income, and a recent historical cumulative loss is considered a significant factor that is difficult to overcome.  Our valuation allowance for deferred tax assets totaled $106.2 million and $89.9 million as of August 30, 2016 and May 31, 2016, respectively. Before consideration of the valuation allowance expense, we had an income tax benefit of $18.0 million and $3.6 million, including the tax credits, during the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 and September 1, 2015, respectively.  

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Sources and Uses of Cash     

 Our primary source of liquidity is cash provided by operations. The following table presents a summary of our cash flows from operating, investing, a nd financing activities for the first 13 weeks of fiscal years 2017 and 2016 (in thousands).   

Operating Activities  

 Our cash provided by operations is generally derived from cash receipts generated by our restaurant customers and franchisees.   Substantially all of the $255.8 million and $277.9 million of restaurant sales and operating revenue disclosed in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 and September 1, 2015, respectively, was received in cash either at the point of sale or within two to four days (when our customers paid with debit or credit cards).  Our primary uses of cash for operating activities are food and beverage purchases, payroll and benefit costs, restaurant operating costs, general and administrative expenses, and marketing, a significant portion of which are incurred and paid in the same period.  

30

Cash provided by operating activities for  the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 was $1.6 million as compared to cash used from operating activities of $2.5 million for the corresponding period of the prior fiscal year. The change is primarily the result of decreases in amounts spent to acquire inventory (approximately $2.8 million), lower cash paid for taxes ($1.8 million), lower cash paid for interest ($1.2 million) due to the prepayment of certain of our mortgage obligations and other principal payments on our debt since the corresponding period of the prior fiscal year, and a decrease in amounts spent on media advertising (approximately $0.2 million). These were partially offset by lower Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, and Amortization ( EBITDA ) for reasons previously discussed within this MD A.  

Our working capital  deficiency and current ratio as of August 30, 2016 were $2.3 million and 1.0:1, respectively. As is typical in the restaurant industry, we typically carry current liabilities in excess of current assets because cash (a current asset) generated from operating activities is reinvested in capital expenditures (a long-term asset), debt reduction (a long-term liability), or stock repurchases (thereby reducing equity), and receivable and inventory levels are generally not significant.  

Investing Activities  

 We require capital principally for the maintenance , upkeep, and remodeling of our existing restaurants, limited new restaurant construction, investments in technology, equipment, and on occasion for the acquisition of franchisees or other restaurant concepts. Property and equipment expenditures purchased primarily with cash on hand and/or internally-generated cash flows for the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 and September 1, 2015 were $6.4 million and $9.9 million, respectively. In addition, proceeds from the disposal of assets produced $5.3 million and $2.7 million of cash during the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 and September 1, 2015, respectively.   

We intend to fund our future investing activities with cash on hand, cash provided by operations, proceeds from the sale of surplus properties, or borrowings on the Senior Credit Facility.  

Financing Activities  

 Historically our primary sources of cash have been operating activities, coupled with sale-leaseback transactions and sales of surplus properties. When these alone have not provided sufficient funds for both our capital and other needs, we have obtained funds through the  incurrence of indebtedness or through the issuance of additional shares of common stock.   

Our current borrowings and credit facilities include $212.5 million outstanding principal of 7.625% senior notes due 2020 (the   Senior Notes ), a four year revolving credit agreement (the  Senior Credit Facility ) under which we may borrow up to $50.0 million, and $15.3 million of mortgage loan obligations acquired upon franchise acquisitions. See Note 6 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for key terms and further information on our Senior Notes, Senior Credit Facility, and mortgage loan obligations.  

Significant Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments  
 There were no material changes to our significant contractual obligations and commercial commitments during the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 as compared to the amounts reported in the prior reporting period.  

Recently Issued   Accounting Pronouncements      

 Information regarding accounting pronouncements not yet adopted is incorporated by reference from Note  13 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  

Known Events, Uncertainties, and Trends  

Resignation of Chief Executive Officer  

 On September 13, 2016, James J. Buettgen resigned as Chairman of the Board  of Directors, President, and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. On the same date, F. Lane Cardwell, Jr., a member of the Company s Board of Directors since October 2012 and an executive with approximately 38 years of leadership experience in the restaurant industry, was appointed Interim President and Chief Executive Officer, Stephen I. Sadove, the Company s then Lead Director, was appointed Chairman of the Board, and Sue Briley was appointed Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Briley had been serving as Interim Chief Financial Officer since June 2016.  

Sale of Property  

 On September 22, 2016, we announced that we had entered into an agreement to sell for $2.8 million one of two office buildings comprising our Restaurant Support Center in Maryville, Tennessee.   The completion of the transaction is targeted for October 2016, subject to customary closing conditions.  The building being sold had an August 30, 2016 net book value of $6.0 million.    Accordingly, we expect to record a second quarter fiscal year 2017 impairment charge of approximately $3.2 million related to this property.  We also announced that we will consolidate our two Tennessee Restaurant Support Center office buildings into the one remaining building by January 2017.   

31

Impact on Cash from Sale of Surplus Properties and Lease Settlements  

 As further discussed in Note 5 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, as of August 30, 2016 we had surplus properties classified as assets held for sale of $11.8 million and surplus properties of $37.3 million not classified as held for sale  as we had yet to conclude for accounting purposes that we can sell these assets within 12 months of the balance sheet date.  Additionally, as discussed in Note 7 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, as of August 30, 2016 we had a liability for future lease obligations of $31.9 million. While we settled seven of these leases for $3.1 million since August 30, 2016, the amounts of future settlements could be higher or lower than the amounts recorded, and the actual amount of any cash payments made by the Company for lease contract termination costs will be dependent upon ongoing negotiations with the landlords of the leased properties. During the remainder of fiscal year 2017, we expect fluctuations in our cash balances as we hope to generate cash through the sale of surplus properties while using cash to settle closed restaurant lease obligations.  

Financial Strategy and Stock Repurchase Plan  

 Cash and cash equivalents as of  August 30, 2016 were $68.7 million. Our overall goal is to invest in our brand and to strengthen our balance sheet to improve credit metrics. As such, our first priority is to ensure that we have adequate cash levels to run the business and internally fund our capital expenditures. Our second priority is to reduce our outstanding debt to help improve our credit metrics with the goal of improved flexibility and access to capital at reasonable rates. Lastly, we would consider share repurchases within the limitations of our debt covenants to return capital to shareholders. As of August 30, 2016, the total number of remaining shares authorized to be repurchased was 9.9 million. Any of these actions, in any particular period and the actual amount thereof, remain at the discretion of the Board of Directors, and no assurance can be given that any such actions will be taken in the future.  

Repurchases of Senior Notes  

 We are allowed under the terms of the Senior Credit Facility to repurchase, in any fiscal year, up to $20.0 million of indebtedness to various holders of the Senior Notes.  We did not repurchase any of the Senior Notes during the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016. As of the date of this filing, we may repurchase $20.0 million of the Senior Notes during the remainder of fiscal year 2017. Future repurchases of the Senior Notes, if any, will be funded with available cash on hand.  

Dividends  

 During fiscal 1997, our Board of Directors approved a dividend policy as an additional means of returning capital to our shareholders. No dividends were declared or paid during the  13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 or September 1, 2015. The   payment of a dividend in any particular period and the actual amount thereof remain at the discretion of the Board of Directors, and no assurance can be given that dividends will be paid in the future.   

Impact of Inflation  
 The impact of inflation on the cost of food, labor, supplies, utilities, real estate, and construction costs could adversely impact our operating results. Historically, we have been able to recover certain inflationary cost increases through increased menu prices coupled with more efficient purchasing practices and productivity improvements. Competitive pressures may limit our ability to completely recover such cost increases. Historically, the effect of inflation has not significantly impacted our net income.   

Item    3  . Quantitative and Qualitative   

  Disclosure About Market Risk   

There were no material changes during the 13 weeks ended August 30, 2016 to the disclosures made in Item 7A of our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2016. 

Item    4  . Controls and Procedures   

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

Our management, with the participation and under the supervision of the Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. The term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC  s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management  

32

necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation, the Interim Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of August 30, 2016.  

Changes in Internal Control   

During the fiscal quarter ended  August 30, 2016, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

P   art   II   Other Information   

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  

We are presently, and from time to time, subject to pending claims and lawsuits arising in the ordinary course of business, including claims relating to injury or wrongful death under  dram shop  laws, workers   compensation and employment matters, claims relating to lease and contractual obligations, and claims from customers alleging illness or injury. We provide accruals for such claims when payment is probable and estimable in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. At this time, in the opinion of management, the ultimate resolution of pending legal proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position, or cash flows.   

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

Information regarding risk factors appears in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended  May 31, 2016 in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors. There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K.  

Item 2.    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

The following table includes information regarding purchases of our common stock made by us during the fiscal quarter ended August 30, 2016: 

(1) No shares were repurchased other than through our publicly-announced repurchase programs and authorizations during the f irst fiscal quarter ended August 30, 2016.  

(2) As of August 30, 2016, 9.9 million shares remained available for purchase under an existing January 8, 2013 authorization by the Board of Directors to repurchase 10.0 million shares. The timing, price, quantity, and manner of the purchases to  be made are at the discretion of management upon instruction from the Board of Directors, depending upon market conditions.  The repurchase of shares in any particular future period and the actual amount thereof remain at the discretion of the Board of Directors, and no assurance can be given that shares will be repurchased in the future.   

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

None.    

33

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures   

Not Applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information   

On October 4, 2016, Franklin E. Southall, Jr., the Company s Corporate Controller and Principal Accounting Officer, announced his intention to retire from the Company effective December 16, 2016. 

Item 6. Exhibit Index  

The following exhibits are filed as part of this report: 

Exhibit 
			 Number      

Description of Exhibit   

1 0.1  

First  Amendment, dated as of October 5, 2016, to the Ruby Tuesday, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan.  

10.2 

Second  Amendment, dated as of October 5, 2016, to the restated Ruby Tuesday, Inc. 1996 Stock Incentive Plan.  

10. 3  

Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award. 

10. 4  

Form of Service-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award. 

10.5 

Form of Performance Stock Unit Award. 

10.6 
			 Form of Service-Based Phantom Stock Unit Award. 

12.1 

Computation of Ratio of Consolidated Earnings to Fixed Charges. 

31.1 

Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 

Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 

XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 

XBRL Schema Document. 

101.CAL 

XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 

XBRL Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 

XBRL Labels Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 

XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document. 

34

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Name    

Position   

Date   

/s/ Sue Briley  

			 Sue Briley 

Chief Financial Officer 

			 (Principal Financial Officer) 

Date:  October 7, 2016  

/s/ Franklin E. Southall, Jr.  

			 Franklin E. Southall, Jr. 

Vice President, 

			 Corporate Controller 

			 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

Date:  October 7, 2016  

35

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ex10-1.htm
 FIRST AMENDMENT TO RTI STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN

FIRST  AMENDMENT TO THE   

  RUBY TUESDAY, INC. STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN  

THIS FIRST  AMENDMENT is made this 5th day of October, 2016, by Ruby Tuesday, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Georgia (hereinafter called the  Company ).  

WHEREAS, the Company maintains the Ruby Tuesday, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ),  as approved by the Company s shareholders at the October 2015 Annual Meeting;  

WHEREAS, the Company wishes to amend the Plan to  modify certain definitions to align them with corresponding definitions in certain of the Company s other compensatory arrangements;  

WHEREAS, this First  Amendment shall supersede the provisions of the Plan to the extent those provisions are inconsistent with the provisions of this amendment.  

NOW, THEREFORE, the Company does hereby amend the Plan, as follows: 

1.     By deleting Section 1.1(b)  in its entirety and by substituting therefor the following:  

(b )       Cause   shall mean: (i) fraud or dishonesty in the performance of Participant s duties with the Company or its affiliates; (ii) willful misconduct; (iii) any intentional, willful and material failure of Participant to perform his or her employment duties (other than any such failure resulting from Participant s Disability) for thirty (30) days after the Board of Directors delivers a written demand for performance to Participant that specifically identifies the manner in which the Board of Directors believes that Participant has not substantially performed his or her employment duties; (iv) conduct in material violation of the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics; (v) conviction or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a felony; or (vi) material breach or violation of the terms of any agreement to which Participant and the Company (or any affiliate) are party. For purposes of this paragraph, no act or failure to act on the part of Participant shall be considered  intentional  or  willful  unless it is done, or omitted to be done, by Participant in bad faith and without reasonable belief that Participant s act or omission was in the best interests of the Company and its affiliates, and any act or failure to act based upon authority given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board of Directors or advice of counsel for the Company shall be conclusively presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, by Participant in good faith and in the best interests of the Company and its affiliates.  

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY BLANK]  

1

2.     By  adding the following new paragraph after subsection (v) of Section 1.1(c):  

Notwithstanding anything in this Plan to the contrary, to the extent any provision of this Plan  or a Stock Incentive would cause a payment or benefit not exempt from the requirements of Code Section 409A to be made because of the occurrence of a Change in Control, then such payment or benefit shall not be made unless such Change in Control also constitutes a  change in ownership ,  change in effective control  or  change in ownership of a substantial portion of the Company s assets  within the meaning of Code Section 409A. Any payment that would have been made except for the application of the preceding sentence shall be made in accordance with the payment schedule that would have applied in the absence of a Change in Control (and other Participant rights that are tied to a Change in Control shall not be affected by this paragraph).  

These amendments to Sections 1.1  shall be effective with respect to Stock Incentives granted on or after the date first set forth above.  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Com pany has caused this First Amendment to be executed on the day and year first above written.  

RUBY TUESDAY, INC.   

By:      /s/ F. Lane Cardwell, Jr.    

                    Title:   Interim President   Chief Executive Officer    

Attest: /s/ Rhonda Parish  

 By:       Rhonda Parish                       

 Title:    Chief Legal Officer   Secretary        

  [CORPORATE SEAL]  

2

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 ex10-2.htm
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO THE RESTATED RTI 1996 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN

SECOND  AMENDMENT TO THE RESTATED (SEPTEMBER 30, 1999)   

  RUBY TUESDAY, INC.  1996 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN   

THIS SECOND  AMENDMENT is made this 5th day of October, 2016, by Ruby Tuesday, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Georgia (hereinafter called the  Company ).  

WHEREAS, the Company maintains the Ruby Tuesday, Inc.  1996 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ), restated as of September 30, 1999;  

WHEREAS, the Company wishes to amend the Plan to  modify certain definitions to align them with corresponding definitions in certain of the Company s other compensatory arrangements;  

WHEREAS, this Second  Amendment shall supersede the provisions of the Plan to the extent those provisions are inconsistent with the provisions of this amendment.  

NOW, THEREFORE, the Company does hereby amend the Plan, as follows: 

1.     By deleting Section 1.1(b)  in its entirety and by substituting therefor the following:  

(b )       Cause   shall mean: (i) fraud or dishonesty in the performance of Participant s duties with the Company or its affiliates; (ii) willful misconduct; (iii) any intentional, willful and material failure of Participant to perform his or her employment duties (other than any such failure resulting from Participant s Disability) for thirty (30) days after the Board of Directors delivers a written demand for performance to Participant that specifically identifies the manner in which the Board of Directors believes that Participant has not substantially performed his or her employment duties; (iv) conduct in material violation of the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics; (v) conviction or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a felony; or (vi) material breach or violation of the terms of any agreement to which Participant and the Company (or any affiliate) are party. For purposes of this paragraph, no act or failure to act on the part of Participant shall be considered  intentional  or  willful  unless it is done, or omitted to be done, by Participant in bad faith and without reasonable belief that Participant s act or omission was in the best interests of the Company and its affiliates, and any act or failure to act based upon authority given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board of Directors or advice of counsel for the Company shall be conclusively presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, by Participant in good faith and in the best interests of the Company and its affiliates.  

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY BLANK]  

1

2.     By deleting Section 1.1(c)  in its entirety and by substituting therefor the following:  

Change in Control   means any one of the following events:  

(i) the acquisition by any individual, entity or  group  (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (a  Person ) of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) of voting securities of the Company where such acquisition causes any such Person to own twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities then entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the  Outstanding Voting Securities ); provided, however, that the following shall not constitute a Change in Control: (1) any acquisition directly from the Company, unless such a Person subsequently acquires additional shares of Outstanding Voting Securities other than from the Company; or (2) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any affiliate; 

(ii) within any twelve-month period (beginning on or after the date the Stock Incentive is granted), the persons who were directors of the Company immediately before the beginning of such twelve-month period (the  Incumbent Directors ) shall cease to constitute at least a majority of the Board of Directors of the Company; provided that any director who was not a director as of the date the Stock Incentive is granted shall be deemed to be an Incumbent Director if that director was elected to the Board of Directors by, or on the recommendation of or with the approval of, at least two-thirds of the directors who then qualified as Incumbent Directors; and provided further that no director whose initial assumption of office is in connection with an actual or threatened election contest relating to the election of directors shall be deemed to be an Incumbent Director; 

(iii) the consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation, with respect to which persons who were the shareholders of the Company immediately prior to such reorganization, merger or consolidation do not, immediately thereafter, own more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power entitled to vote in the election of directors of the reorganized, merged or consolidated company  s then outstanding voting securities;   

(iv) the sale, transfer or assignment of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its affiliates to any third party; or 

(v) the liquidation or dissolution of the Company. 

2

Notwithstanding anything in this Plan to the contrary, to the extent any provision of this Plan  or a Stock Incentive would cause a payment or benefit not exempt from the requirements of Code Section 409A to be made because of the occurrence of a Change in Control, then such payment or benefit shall not be made unless such Change in Control also constitutes a  change in ownership ,  change in effective control  or  change in ownership of a substantial portion of the Company s assets  within the meaning of Code Section 409A. Any payment that would have been made except for the application of the preceding sentence shall be made in accordance with the payment schedule that would have applied in the absence of a Change in Control (and other Participant rights that are tied to a Change in Control shall not be affected by this paragraph).  

These amendments to Sections 1.1  shall be effective with respect to Stock Incentives granted on or after the date first set forth above.  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Com pany has caused this Second Amendment to be executed on the day and year first above written.  

RUBY TUESDAY, INC.  

By:      /s/ F. Lane Cardwell, Jr.    

                    Title:   Interim President   Chief Executive Officer    

Attest:  /s/ Rhonda Parish   

 By:       Rhonda Parish                       

 Title:    Chief Legal Officer   Secretary        

 [CORPORATE SEAL] 

3

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 ex10-3.htm
 FORM OF NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AWARD

RUBY TUESDAY, INC.  

  NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AWARD  

THIS NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AWARD ( Award  or  Option ) is made as of the Grant Date, by RUBY TUESDAY, INC. (the  Company ), a Georgia corporation, to ___________________ (the  Optionee ).   

Upon and subject to the Terms and Conditions attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference  as part of this Award, the Company hereby awards as of the Grant Date to the Optionee the Option described below pursuant to the Ruby Tuesday, Inc. 1996 Stock Incentive Plan or the Ruby Tuesday, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (collectively the  Plan ) in consideration of the Optionee s services to the Company.  

A.       Grant Date:  ______________.  

B.       Type of Option:  Non-Qualified Stock Option.  

C .      Opti  on Shares:  All or any part of _____ shares of the Company s common stock (the  Common Stock ), $0.01 par value per share, subject to adjustment as provided in the attached Terms and Conditions.  

D .      Exercise Price:  $____ per share.  

E .      Option Period:  The Option may be exercised as to the Vested Option Shares (as defined below) during the Option Period, which commences on the Grant Date and ends on the seventh (7th) anniversary of the Grant Date or on an earlier date as provided in the attached Terms and Conditions. Note that other restrictions to exercising the Option described in the attached Terms and Conditions may apply.  

F .      Vested Option Shares:  The Option Shares shall become Vested Option Shares, as and to the extent indicated below, only if and to the extent the Service Condition is satisfied. The Service Condition is satisfied only if the Optionee provides Continuous Service (as defined below) to the Company and/or any affiliate for the period beginning with the Grant Date through the date described in the following Vesting Schedule:   

The Optionee shall be determined to have provided  Continuous Service  through the date specified in the Vesting Schedule above if the Optionee continues in the employ of the Company 

1

and/or any affiliate without experiencing a  Termination of Service / Termination of Employment, regardless of the reason. All or a portion of the Option Shares may become Vested Option Shares on an earlier date as provided in the attached Terms and Conditions.   

Any portion of the Option Shares which have not become Vested Option Shares in accordance with this Paragraph  F or Section 3 of the attached Terms and Conditions before or at the time of Optionee s Termination of Service / Termination of Employment shall be forfeited .    

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has agreed to this Award as of the Grant Date set forth above.  

RUBY TUESDAY, INC.  

By:     __________________________________  

                    Title:  __________________________________  

2

TERMS AND CONDITIONS TO THE  

  RUBY TUESDAY, INC.  

  NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AWARD  

1.       Exercise of Option . Subject to the provisions provided herein or in the Award made pursuant to the Ruby Tuesday, Inc. 1996 Stock Incentive Plan or the Ruby Tuesday, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (collectively the  Plan ), the Option may be exercised with respect to all or any portion of the Vested Option Shares at any time during the Option Period by the delivery to the Company, at its principal place of business, of:  

(a)      a written notice of exercise form, available from the Company upon request, which shall be actually delivered to the Company prior to the date upon which Optionee desires to exercise all or any portion of the Option;   

(b)      payment to the Company of the Exercise Price  multiplied by  the number of shares being purchased (the  Purchase Price ) as provided in Section  and  

(c)      payment of the tax withholding liability as provided in Section 6.  

Upon acceptance of such notice and receipt of payment in full of the Purchase Price and the  tax withholding liability, the Company shall cause to be issued a certificate representing the Option Shares purchased.  

2.      Adjustment of Option Shares . If Optionee is demoted to a job category with respect to which either (a) no option or (b) an option subject to fewer option shares would have been granted to the Optionee had the Optionee been in that job category on the Grant Date, then the number of Option Shares as to which the Option has not been exercised as of the date of the demotion shall be adjusted as follows: If the Optionee would not have been granted an option in Optionee s new job category on the Grant Date, the number of remaining Option Shares shall be reduced to zero. If the Optionee would have been granted an option for fewer option shares on the Grant Date, the remaining Option Shares, if any, shall equal the number of shares that would have been granted to the Optionee in Optionee s new job category on the Grant Date less the number of Option Shares previously purchased by the Optionee under the Option before Optionee s demotion, if such number is less than zero, the number of remaining Option Shares shall be reduced to zero.  

3.      Vested Option Shares . Notwithstanding Paragraph F of the Award, the Service Condition will be deemed satisfied as to all or a portion of the Option Shares if the Optionee provides Continuous Service to the Company and/or any affiliate following the Grant Date through the date of any of the earlier events listed below:   

(a)      (i) In the event of Termination of Service / Termination of Employment due to Disability or death or (ii) in the event of a Termination of Service / Termination of Employment by the Company or an affiliate without Cause, all Option Shares shall become Vested Option Shares on the date of such event.   

3

(b)      In the event of a Change in Control (as defined in Section 21 of these Terms and Conditions), all Option Shares shall become Vested Option Shares.  

4.      Early Expiration of Option Period.  The Option Period commences on the Grant Date and with respect to Vested Option Shares generally ends on the seventh anniversary of the Grant Date. However, with respect to Vested Option Shares, the Option Period shall expire on an earlier date as follows:  

(a)      in the event of Optionee s voluntary Termination of Service / Termination of Employment with the Company or an affiliate (not to include Disability or death), the Option Period shall expire ninety (90) days following the last day of Optionee s employment with the Company or such affiliate;  

(b)      in the event of the Optionee s involuntary Termination of Service / Termination of Employment by the Company or an affiliate without Cause (as defined in Section 21 of these Terms and Conditions), the Option Period shall expire ninety (90) days following the last day of Optionee s employment with the Company or such affiliate; and  

(c)      in the event of the Optionee s involuntary Termination of Service / Termination of Employment by the Company or an affiliate with Cause, the Option Period shall expire fifteen (15) days following the last day of Optionee s employment with the Company or such affiliate.  

5.      Purchase Price . Payment of the Purchase Price for all Option Shares purchased pursuant to the exercise of an Option shall be made in cash or, alternatively, as follows:  

(a)      by delivery to the Company of a number of shares of Common Stock which have been owned by the Optionee prior to the date of the Option s exercise, having a Fair Market Value, as determined under the Plan, on the date of exercise either equal to the Purchase Price or in combination with cash to equal the Purchase Price; or  

(b)      by receipt of the Purchase Price in cash from a broker, dealer or other  creditor  as defined by Regulation T issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System following delivery by the Optionee to the Committee of instructions in a form acceptable to the Committee regarding delivery to such broker, dealer or other creditor of that number of Option Shares with respect to which the Option is exercised; provided, however, any such cashless exercise must be effected in a manner consistent with the restrictions of Section 13(k) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Section 402 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002).  

6.      Withholding . The Optionee must pay to the Company the full amount of the federal, state and local tax withholding obligation arising from the exercise of the Option.  

(a)      The tax withholding liability may be paid in cash, or, alternatively, as follows:  

4

(i)      by the Optionee making a Withholding Election on or prior to the date on which the amount of tax required to be withheld is determined (the  Tax Date ) to reduce the number of Option Shares to be issued upon exercise by the whole number of shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount of withholding tax;  

(ii)      by the Optionee making a Withholding Election and delivering to the Company before the Tax Date a whole number of shares of Common Stock that the Optionee has owned having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount of withholding tax; or  

(iii)      by the Optionee making a Withholding Election prior to the Tax Date to have a broker, dealer or other  creditor  (as defined by Regulation T issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System) deliver the amount of tax withholding due in cash to the Company after the Optionee has delivered to the Committee instructions acceptable to the Committee regarding the delivery of the number of Option Shares being exercised to such broker, dealer or other creditor provided, however, that any such delivery must be effected in a manner consistent with the restrictions of Section 13(k) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Section 402 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002).  

(b)      A Withholding Election must be made in the form available from the Company upon request, and may be made only if:  

(i)      the Optionee delivers to the Company a completed written Withholding Election no later than on the Tax Date;   

(ii)      the Withholding Election is irrevocable and satisfies the requirements of the exemption provided under Rule 16b-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(iii)      the Optionee delivers to the Company the Withholding Election on a date determined by the Committee (i.e., at least six (6) months prior to the Tax Date or prior to the Tax Date and in any ten-day period beginning on the third day following the release of the Company s quarterly or annual summary statement of sales and earnings), if the Optionee is considered by the Committee to be subject to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  

The Committee may give no effect to any Withholding Election  in its discretion.  

7.      Rights as Shareholder . Until the stock certificates reflecting the Option Shares accruing to the Optionee upon exercise of the Option are issued to the Optionee, the Optionee shall have no rights as a shareholder with respect to such Option Shares. The Company shall make no   

5

adjustment for any dividends or distributions or other rights on or with respect to Option Shares for which the record date is prior to the issuance of that stock certificate, except as the Plan or this Award otherwise provides.  

8.      Restriction on Transfer of Option and of Option Shares . The Option evidenced hereby is nontransferable other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution, and shall be exercisable during the lifetime of the Optionee only by the Optionee (or in the event of Optionee s Disability, by Optionee s personal representative) and after Optionee s death, only by Optionee s legatee or the executor of Optionee s estate.  

9.      Changes in Capitalization; Merger; Reorganization .  

(a)      The number of Option Shares and the Exercise Price shall be proportionately adjusted for any increase or decrease in the number of issued shares of Common Stock resulting from a subdivision or combination of shares or the payment of a stock dividend in shares of Common Stock to holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock or any other increase or decrease in the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding effected without receipt of consideration by the Company.  

(b)      In the event of a merger, consolidation, extraordinary dividend (including a spin-off), or other reorganization involving the Company or a tender offer for shares of Common Stock, whether or not such an event constitutes a Change in Control, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, adjust the number and class of securities subject to the Option, with a corresponding adjustment made in the Exercise Price; substitute a new option to replace the Option; or accelerate the termination of the Option Period to a date prior to the occurrence of any event specified in Paragraph E of the Award or Section 4 of the Terms and Conditions.  

(c)      The existence of the Plan and this Award shall not affect in any way the right or power of the Company to make or authorize any adjustment, reclassification, reorganization or other change in its capital or business structure, any merger or consolidation of the Company, any issue of debt or equity securities having preferences or priorities as to the Common Stock or the rights thereof, the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, any sale or transfer of all or any part of its business or assets, or any other corporate act or proceeding.  

10.      Special Limitation on Exercise . Any exercise of the Option is subject to the condition that if at any time the Committee, in its discretion, shall determine that the listing, registration or qualification of the shares covered by the Option upon any securities exchange or under any state or federal law is necessary or desirable as a condition of or in connection with the delivery of shares thereunder, the delivery of any or all shares pursuant to the Option may be withheld unless and until such listing, registration or qualification shall have been effected. The Optionee shall deliver to the Company, prior to the exercise of the Option, such information, representations and warranties as the Company may reasonably request in order for the Company to be able to satisfy itself that the Option Shares are being acquired in accordance with the terms of an applicable   

6

exemption from the securities registration requirements of applicable federal and state securities laws.  

11.      Legend on Stock Certificates .  Certificates evidencing the Option Shares, to the extent appropriate at the time, shall have noted conspicuously on the certificates a legend intended to give all persons full notice of the existence of the conditions, restrictions, rights and obligations set forth in this Award and in the Plan.  

12.      Governing Laws . This Award shall be construed, administered and enforced according to the laws of the State of Georgia; provided, however, no option may be exercised except, in the reasonable judgment of the Board of Directors, in compliance with exemptions under applicable state securities laws of the state in which the Optionee resides, and/or any other applicable securities laws.  

13.      Successors . This Award shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legal representatives, successors and permitted assigns of the parties.  

14.      Notice . Except as otherwise specified herein, all notices and other communications under this Award shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given if personally delivered or if sent by registered or certified United States mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the proposed recipient at the last known address of the recipient. Any party may designate any other address to which notices shall be sent by giving notice of the address to the other parties in the same manner as provided herein.  

15.      Severability . In the event that any one or more of the provisions or portion thereof contained in this Award shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the same shall not invalidate or otherwise affect any other provisions of this Award, and this Award shall be construed as if the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision or portion thereof had never been contained herein.  

16.      Entire Agreement . Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, this Award expresses the entire understanding and agreement of the parties.  

17.      Violation . Any transfer, pledge, sale, assignment, or hypothecation of the Option or any portion thereof shall be a violation of the terms of this Award and shall be void and without effect.  

18.      Headings and Capitalized Terms . Section headings used herein are for convenience of reference only and shall not be considered in construing this Award. Capitalized terms used, but not defined, herein shall be given the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan.  

19.      Specific Performance . In the event of any actual or threatened default in, or breach of, any of the terms, conditions and provisions of this Award, the party or parties who are thereby aggrieved shall have the right to specific performance and injunction in addition to any and all other rights and remedies at law or in equity, and all such rights and remedies shall be cumulative.  

7

20.      No Right to Continued Employment . Neither the establishment of the Plan nor the award of Option Shares hereunder shall be construed as giving the Optionee the right to continued employment.  

21.      Special Definitions .   

(a)      For purposes of this Award, the term  Cause  has the same meaning as provided in the employment agreement between the Optionee and the Company or, if applicable, any affiliate of the Company on the date of Termination of Service / Termination of Employment, or if no such definition or employment agreement exists,  Cause  shall mean conduct amounting to: (i) fraud or dishonesty in the performance of Optionee s duties with the Company or its affiliates; (ii) willful misconduct; (iii) any intentional, willful and material failure of Optionee to perform his or her employment duties (other than any such failure resulting from Optionee s Disability) for thirty (30) days after the Board of Directors delivers a written demand for performance to Optionee that specifically identifies the manner in which the Board of Directors believes that Optionee has not substantially performed his or her employment duties; (iv) conduct in material violation of the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics; (v) conviction or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a felony; or (vi) material breach or violation of the terms of any agreement to which Optionee and the Company (or any affiliate) are party. For purposes of this paragraph, no act or failure to act on the part of Optionee shall be considered  intentional  or  willful  unless it is done, or omitted to be done, by Optionee in bad faith and without reasonable belief that Optionee s act or omission was in the best interests of the Company and its affiliates, and any act or failure to act based upon authority given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board of Directors or advice of counsel for the Company shall be conclusively presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, by Optionee in good faith and in the best interests of the Company and its affiliates.   

( b)      Change in Control  means any one of the following events:  

(i)      the acquisition by any individual, entity or  group  (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (a  Person ) of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) of voting securities of the Company where such acquisition causes any such Person to own twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities then entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the  Outstanding Voting Securities ); provided, however, that the following shall not constitute a Change in Control: (1) any acquisition directly from the Company, unless such a Person subsequently acquires additional shares of Outstanding Voting Securities other than from the Company; or (2) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any affiliate;  

8

(ii)      within any twelve-month period (beginning on or after the Grant Date), the persons who were directors of the Company immediately before the beginning of such twelve-month period (the  Incumbent Directors ) shall cease to constitute at least a majority of the Board of Directors of the Company; provided that any director who was not a director as of the Grant Date shall be deemed to be an Incumbent Director if that director was elected to the Board of Directors by, or on the recommendation of or with the approval of, at least two-thirds of the directors who then qualified as Incumbent Directors; and provided further that no director whose initial assumption of office is in connection with an actual or threatened election contest relating to the election of directors shall be deemed to be an Incumbent Director;  

(iii)      the consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation, with respect to which persons who were the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such reorganization, merger or consolidation do not, immediately thereafter, own more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power entitled to vote in the election of directors of the reorganized, merged or consolidated company s then outstanding voting securities;  

(iv)      the sale, transfer or assignment of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its affiliates to any third party; or  

(v)      the liquidation or dissolution of the Company.  

( c)       Disability   has the same meaning as provided in the employment agreement currently or most recently in effect between the Employee and the Company or, if applicable, any affiliate of the Company, or if no such definition or employment agreement ever existed,  Disability  shall be given the same meaning provided in the Plan.   

9

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 5
 ex10-4.htm
 FORM OF SERVICE-BASED RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD

RUBY TUESDAY, INC.  

  SERVICE-BASED    RESTRICTED STOCK   UNIT   AWARD   

This SERVICE-BASED RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD (the    Award  ) is made and entered into as of the ___ of _____, ___ by and between Ruby Tuesday, Inc. (the   Company  ), a Georgia corporation, and ____________________________ (the   Employee  ).  

Upon and subject to the provisions of the Plan and the Additional Terms and Conditions attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference as part of this Award, the Company hereby awards as of the Grant Date to the Employee the Restricted Stock Units described below in consideration of the Employee s services to the Company.  

A. 

Grant Date : ________, ____.  

B. 

Plan Under Which Granted : Ruby Tuesday, Inc. 1996 Stock Incentive Plan or the Ruby Tuesday, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (the   Plan  ).  

C. 

Restricted Stock Units : The number of Restricted Stock Units subject to the Award shall be _________________________________ (_______). Each Restricted Stock Unit represents the Company s unfunded and unsecured obligation to issue one share of the Company s common stock (  Common S  tock  ), $.01 par value per share, in accordance with this Award, subject to the terms of this Award and the Plan.  

D. 

Vesting Schedule : The Restricted Stock Units shall become vested, as and to the extent indicated below, only if and to the extent the Employee provides continuous service to the Company and/or any affiliate for the period beginning with the Grant Date through the date described in the following Vesting Schedule without experiencing a Termination of Employment (the   Service Condition  ):   

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Service Condition will be deemed satisfied as to all or a portion of the Restricted S tock Units, as indicated below, if the Employee provides continuous service to the Company and/or any affiliate following the Grant Date through the date of any of the earlier events listed below without experiencing a Termination of Employment:  

(a)     (i) In the event of a Termination of Employment due to Disability or death; or (ii) in the event of an involuntary Termination of Employment, other than for Cause, all of the Restricted Stock Units not previously vested shall be deemed to have satisfied the Service Condition immediately prior to the effective date of the event.  

(b)     In the event of a Change in Control, all of the Restricted Stock Units not previously vested shall be deemed to have satisfied the Service Condition immediately prior to the effective date of such Change in Control.  

The Restricted S tock Units which have satisfied, or are deemed to have satisfied, the Service Condition are herein referred to as the   Vested S  tock Units .  Any portion of the Restricted Stock Units which have not become Vested Stock Units in accordance with this Paragraph D before or at the time of Employee s Termination of Employment shall be forfeited .    

F. 

Distribution   Period : Subject to the attached Additional Terms and Conditions, the shares of Common Stock attributable to the Vested Stock Units shall be issued to the Employee within ninety (90) days following the date the Restricted Stock Units become vested (each a   Distribution   Period  ).   

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and Employee agree to this Award as of the Grant Date set forth above.  

RUBY TUESDAY, INC.  

By: 

[Name of Employee]  

Title: 

ADDITIONAL    TERMS AND CONDITIONS TO THE   

  RUBY TUESDAY, INC.  

  RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD  

1.      Settlement and Delivery of Vested Stock Units  .   

(a)     During the Distribution Period, the Company shall issue and deliver a share certificate, or make or caused to be made an appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company, representing the number of shares of Common Stock attributable to Vested Stock Units to the Employee in settlement of the Employee s rights under this Award.  

(b)     The Company shall not be required to issue fractional shares (or cash in lieu of fractional shares) upon the settlement of the Award.  

(c)     Notwithstanding anything in the Plan, the Award, or any other agreement (written or oral) to the contrary, if the Employee is a  specified employee  (within the meaning of Code Section 409A) on the date of a Termination of Employment, then any payment made or settlement occurring with respect to such Termination of Employment under this Award will be delayed to the extent necessary to comply with Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i), and the applicable stock will be paid or settled to the Employee during the five-day period commencing on the earlier of: (i) the expiration of the six-month period measured from the date of the Employee s Termination of Employment, or (ii) the date of the Employee s death. Upon the expiration of the applicable six-month period under Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) (or, if earlier, the date of the Employee s death), all stock deferred pursuant to this Subsection (c) will be paid or delivered to Employee (or the Employee s estate, in the event of the Employee s death) in a lump sum.   

2.      Tax Withholding  .   The minimum amount of the required tax withholding obligations (the   Withholding Obligation  ) imposed on the Company by reason of the issuance of the shares of Common Stock attributable to Vested Stock Units shall be satisfied as follows:  

(a)      The Employee shall elect in writing by notice to the Company received at least five (5) days before the applicable vesting date to satisfy the Withholding Obligation by either (i) remitting sufficient cash (or a check payable to the Company), or (ii) committing with the Employee s broker to satisfy the Withholding Obligation by selling a sufficient number of shares of the Common Stock.  

(b)      Should the Employee fail to make a election under subsection (a) above, the Company may, in its discretion, satisfy the Withholding Obligation by (i) reducing the actual number of shares of Common Stock by the number of whole shares of Common Stock which, when multiplied by the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock   

on the applicable vesting date, is sufficient to satisfy the Withholding Obligation, or (ii) withholding sufficient cash from any cash payments then owed to the Employee.  

(c)     If the Employee does not timely satisfy payment of the Withholding Obligation, the Employee will forfeit the Vested Stock Units.   

3.      Rights as Shareholder  . Until shares of Common Stock received in settlement of the Vested Stock Units are issued to the Employee, the Employee shall have no rights as a shareholder with respect to the either Restricted Stock Units or Vested Stock Units. Except as otherwise provided in Section 7 and Section 5.2 of the Plan, the Company shall make no adjustment for any dividends or distributions or other rights on or with respect to shares of Common Stock issued in settlement of the Vested Stock Units for which the record date is prior to the issuance of that stock certificate.   

4.      Special Limitations  . If a registration statement is not in effect under the Securities Act of 1933 (the   Securities Act  ) or any applicable state securities law with respect to shares of Common Stock otherwise deliverable under this Award, the Employee (a) shall deliver to the Company, prior to the delivery of Common Stock pursuant to the settlement of the Vested Stock Units, such information, representations and warranties as the Company may reasonably request in order for the Company to be able to satisfy itself that the shares of Common Stock are being acquired in accordance with the terms of an applicable exemption from the securities registration requirements of applicable federal and state securities laws; and (b) shall agree that the shares of Common Stock so acquired will not be disposed of except pursuant to an effective registration statement, unless the Company shall have received an opinion of counsel that such disposition is exempt from such requirement under the Securities Act and any applicable state securities law.  

5.      Restrictions on Transfer  . The Employee shall not have the right to make or permit to exist any transfer or hypothecation, whether outright or as security, with or without consideration, voluntary or involuntary, of all or any part of any right, title or interest in or to any Restricted Stock Units (including, without limitation, Vested Stock Units). Any such disposition not made in accordance with this Award shall be deemed null and void. The restrictions contained in this Section 5 will not apply with respect to transfers of the Restricted Stock Units pursuant to applicable laws of descent and distribution;  provided  that any applicable the restrictions contained in this Section 5 will continue to be applicable to the Restricted Stock Units after any such transfer; and  provided further  that the transferee(s) of such Restricted Stock Units must agree in writing to be bound by the provisions of the Plan and this Award.  

6.      Legends on Shares  . No holder of shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to this Award may sell, transfer, assign, pledge or otherwise dispose of (whether with or without consideration and whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law) any interest in or any beneficial interest in any such shares, except (a) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act; or (b) in a transaction that fully complies with Rule 144, without first delivering to the Company an opinion of counsel (reasonably acceptable in form   

and substance to the Company) that neither registration nor qualification under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws is required in connection with such transfer. The Company may at any time place legends referencing any applicable federal, state or foreign securities law restrictions on all certificates representing shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to this Award. The Employee or any other holder shall, at the request of the Company, promptly present to the Company any and all certificates representing shares acquired pursuant to this Award in the possession of that person to carry out the provisions of this Section.  

7.      Change in Capitalization  .  

(a)      The number and kind of shares of Common Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Units (including, without limitation, Vested Stock Units) shall be proportionately adjusted for nonreciprocal transactions between the Company and the holders of capital stock of the Company that cause the per share value of the shares of Common Stock referenced by the Restricted Stock Units to change, such as a stock dividend, stock split, spinoff, rights offering, or recapitalization through a large, nonrecurring cash dividend or distribution (each, an   Equity Restructuring  ).   

(b)      In the event of a merger, consolidation, extraordinary dividend (including a spin-off), reorganization, recapitalization, sale of substantially all of the Company s assets, other change in capital structure of the Company, tender offer for shares of Common Stock, or a Change in Control of the Company, that in each case does not constitute an Equity Restructuring, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may make such adjustments with respect to the Restricted Stock Units and take such action as it deems necessary or appropriate, including, without limitation, adjusting the number of Restricted Stock Units, making a corresponding adjustment in the number of shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units, substituting a new award to replace the Award, removing restrictions on outstanding Awards, accelerating the termination of the Award or terminating the Award in exchange for the cash value determined in good faith by the Committee of the Restricted Stock Units, as the Committee may determine. Any determination made by the Committee will be final and binding on the Employee.   

(c)      No fractional shares shall be created in making any adjustment pursuant to this Section 7. Instead, any adjustment pursuant to this Section 7 that would otherwise result in a fractional Restricted Stock Unit or fractional share of Common Stock becoming subject to the Award shall be further adjusted to round down the numbers of Restricted Stock Units to the next lowest Restricted Stock Unit or share of Common Stock, as applicable.  

(d)      All determinations and adjustments made by the Committee pursuant to this Section will be final and binding on the Employee. Any action taken by the Committee need not treat all recipients of equity incentives equally.  

(e)      The existence of the Plan and the Award shall not affect the right or power of the Company to make or authorize any adjustment, reclassification, reorganization or other change in its capital or business structure, any merger or consolidation of the Company, any issue of debt or equity securities having preferences or priorities as to the Common Stock or the rights thereof, the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, any sale or transfer of all or part of its business or assets, or any other corporate act or proceeding.  

8.      Clawback   .  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Award and any Common Stock issued pursuant to this Award is expressly subject to any  clawback policy  now or hereafter adopted by the Company, as the same may be amended from time to time, or any recoupment permitted or required by law.   

9.      Section 409A  . This Award is intended to comply with, or otherwise be exempt from, Code Section 409A, as applicable. This Award shall be administered, interpreted, and construed in a manner consistent with such Code section. Should any provision of this Award be found not to comply with, or otherwise be exempt from, the provisions of Code Section 409A, it shall be modified and given effect, in the sole discretion of the Committee and without requiring the Employee s consent, in such manner as the Committee determines to be necessary or appropriate to comply with, or to effectuate an exemption from, Code Section 409A. No acceleration of payment or settlement may be made except as permitted under Code Section 409A.   

10.      Governing Laws  . This Award shall be construed, administered and enforced according to the laws of the State of Georgia; provided, however, no shares of Common Stock shall be issued except, in the reasonable judgment of the Committee, in compliance with exemptions under applicable state securities laws of the state in which the Employee resides, and/or any other applicable securities laws.  

11.      Successors  . This Award shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legal representatives, successors, and permitted assigns of the parties.  

12.      Notice  . Except as otherwise specified herein, all notices and other communications required or permitted under this Award shall be in writing and, if mailed by prepaid first-class mail or certified mail, return receipt requested, shall be deemed to have been received on the earlier of the date shown on the receipt or three (3) business days after the postmarked date thereof. In addition, notices hereunder may be delivered by hand, facsimile transmission or overnight courier, in which event the notice shall be deemed effective when delivered or transmitted. All notices and other communications under this Award shall be given to the parties hereto at the following addresses: to the Company (attention of the Chief Legal Officer), at the principal office of the Company or at any other address as the Company, by notice to Employee, may designate in writing from time to time; and to Employee, at   

Employee s address as shown on the records of the Company, or at any other address as Employee, by notice to the Company, may designate in writing from time to time.  

13.      Severability  . In the event that any one or more of the provisions or portion thereof contained in this Award shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect, the same shall not invalidate or otherwise affect any other provisions of this Award, and this Award shall be construed as if the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision or portion thereof had never been contained herein.  

14.      Entire Agreement  . Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, this Award (including the Additional Terms and Conditions) expresses the entire understanding and agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter. The Committee shall have full and conclusive authority to interpret the Award and to make all other determinations necessary or advisable for the proper administration of the arrangement reflected by this Award. The Committee s interpretations and determinations in this regard shall be final and binding on the Employee.  

15.      Headings  . Paragraph headings used herein are for convenience of reference only and shall not be considered in construing this Award.   

16.      Specific Performance  . In the event of any actual or threatened default in, or breach of, any of the terms, conditions and provisions of this Award, the party or parties who are thereby aggrieved shall have the right to specific performance and injunction in addition to any and all other rights and remedies at law or in equity, and all such rights and remedies shall be cumulative.  

17.      No Right to Continued Service  . Neither this Award nor the issuance of the Restricted Stock Units hereunder shall be construed as giving the Employee the right to continued service with the Company or any affiliate.  

18.      Definitions  . Except as provided below, all capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Plan. The following capitalized terms shall have the following meanings:   

(a)       Cause   has the same meaning as provided in the employment agreement currently or most recently in effect between the Employee and the Company or, if applicable, any affiliate of the Company, or if no such definition or employment agreement ever existed,  Cause  means conduct amounting to: (i) fraud or dishonesty in the performance of Employee s duties with the Company or its affiliates; (ii) willful misconduct; (iii) any intentional, willful and material failure of Employee to perform his or her employment duties (other than any such failure resulting from Employee s Disability) for thirty (30) days after the Board of Directors delivers a written demand for performance to Employee that specifically identifies the manner in which the Board of   

Directors believes that Employee has not substantially performed his or her employment duties; (iv) conduct in material violation of the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics; (v) conviction or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a felony; or (vi) material breach or violation of the terms of any agreement to which Employee and the Company (or any affiliate) are party. For purposes of this paragraph, no act or failure to act on the part of Employee shall be considered  intentional  or  willful  unless it is done, or omitted to be done, by Employee in bad faith and without reasonable belief that Employee s act or omission was in the best interests of the Company and its affiliates, and any act or failure to act based upon authority given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board of Directors or advice of counsel for the Company shall be conclusively presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, by Employee in good faith and in the best interests of the Company and its affiliates.  

(b)       Change in Control   means any one of the following events:  

(i) the acquisition by any individual, entity or  group  (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (a  Person ) of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) of voting securities of the Company where such acquisition causes any such Person to own twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities then entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the  Outstanding Voting Securities ); provided, however, that the following shall not constitute a Change in Control: (1) any acquisition directly from the Company, unless such a Person subsequently acquires additional shares of Outstanding Voting Securities other than from the Company; or (2) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any affiliate; 

(ii) within any twelve-month period (beginning on or after the date the Stock Incentive is granted), the persons who were directors of the Company immediately before the beginning of such twelve-month period (the  Incumbent Directors ) shall cease to constitute at least a majority of the Board of Directors of the Company; provided that any director who was not a director as of the date the Stock Incentive is granted shall be deemed to be an Incumbent Director if that director was elected to the Board of Directors by, or on the recommendation of or with the approval of, at least two-thirds of the directors who then qualified as Incumbent Directors; and provided further that no director whose initial assumption of office is in connection with an actual or threatened election contest relating to the election of directors shall be deemed to be an Incumbent Director; 

(iii) the consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation, with respect to which persons who were the shareholders of the Company immediately prior to such reorganization, merger or consolidation do not, immediately thereafter, 

own more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power entitled to vote in the election of directors of the reorganized, merged or consolidated company  s then outstanding voting securities;   

(iv) the sale, transfer or assignment of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its affiliates to any third party; or 

(v) the liquidation or dissolution of the Company .  

Notwithstanding anything in this  Award to the contrary, to the extent any provision of this Award would cause a payment or benefit not exempt from the requirements of Code Section 409A to be made because of the occurrence of a Change in Control, then such payment or benefit shall not be made unless such Change in Control also constitutes a  change in ownership ,  change in effective control  or  change in ownership of a substantial portion of the Company s assets  within the meaning of Code Section 409A. Any payment that would have been made except for the application of the preceding sentence shall be made in accordance with the payment schedule that would have applied in the absence of a Change in Control (and other Employee rights that are tied to a Change in Control shall not be affected by this paragraph).   

(c)       Disability   means the Employee is (i) unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months or (ii) by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Company and its affiliates. The determination of Disability will be made in accordance with the definition of  disability  under Code Section 409A.  

(d)       Termination of Employment   means a  separation from service  within the meaning of Code Section 409A and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.   

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 6
 ex10-5.htm
 FORM OF PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT AWARD

RUBY TUESDAY, INC.  

  PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT AWARD  

This PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT AWARD (the   Award  ) is made and entered into as of the ____ of _______, ____ by and between Ruby Tuesday, Inc. (the   Company  ), a Georgia corporation, and ____________________________ (the   Employee  ).  

Upon and subject to the provisions of the Plan and the Additional Terms and Conditions attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference as part of this Award, the Company hereby awards as of the Grant Date to the Employee the Performance Stock Units described below in consideration of the Employee s services to the Company.  

A. 

Grant Date : ___________.  

B. 

Plan Under Which Granted : Ruby Tuesday, Inc. 1996 Stock Incentive Plan or the Ruby Tuesday, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (the   Plan  ).  

C. 

Performance Stock Units : The number of Performance Stock Units subject to the Award at  Target  level shall be _____________. Each Performance Stock Unit represents the Company s unfunded and unsecured obligation to issue the cash equivalent of one share of the Company s common stock (  Common Stock  ), $.01 par value per share, subject to the terms of this Award and the Plan.  

D.       Performance Goal : [INSERT PERFORMANCE GOAL]  

Performance    Goal   Exception . In the event of a Termination of Employment as identified in E(1) below, the Performance Goal will be met based on the completed years identified in the table above. In the event of a Change in Control, the Performance Goal will be deemed to have been met at the  Target  level.   

E. 

Vesting Schedule : Regardless of the Performance Level attained, as determined by the table in Paragraph D above, no Performance Stock Units shall become Vested Stock Units (as defined below) unless the Employee remains in the continuous service of the Company or any affiliate through the last day of fiscal year ____ (the   Performance Period End Date  ) without experiencing a Termination of Employment (the   Service Condition  )  

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Service Condition will be deemed satisfied as to all or a portion of the Performance Stock Units, as indicated below, if the Employee provides continuous service to the Company and/or any affiliate following the Grant Da te through the date of any of the earlier events listed below without experiencing a Termination of Employment:  

1)                   (a) In the event of a Termination of Employment due to Disability or death; or (b) in the event of an involuntary Termination of Employment, other than for Cause, the Performance Stock Units will vest based on the following schedule:  

2)                   In the event of a Change in Control, all of the Performance Stock Units not previously vested shall be deemed to have satisfied the Service Condition immediately prior to the effective date of such Change in Control.  

The Performance Stock Units with respect to which both a Performance Level and Service Condition ha ve been, or are deemed to have been, achieved or satisfied, as applicable, are herein referred to as the   Vested Stock Units  .  

F. 

Distribution of   Vested Stock Units : Subject to the attached Additional Terms and   

1

Conditions, the cash equivalent of shares of Common Stock attributable to the Vested Stock Units shall be paid to the Employee within the earlier of (i) a period of sixty (60) days immediately following the effective date of a Change in Control or (ii) a period of ninety (90) days immediately following the Performance Period End Date (the    Distribution Period  ).   

G. 

Forfeitu  re . Any portion of the Performance Stock Units which have not, or have not been deemed to have, satisfied both the Service Condition and a Performance Level in accordance with Paragraphs D and E by the earlier of a Change in Control or the Performance Period End Date shall be forfeited.  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and Employee have agreed to this Award as of the Grant Date set forth above.  

RUBY TUESDAY, INC.  

By: 

[Name of Employee]  

Title: 

2

ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS TO THE  

  RUBY TUESDAY, INC.  

  PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT AWARD  

1.      Settlement and Delivery of Vested Stock Units  .   

(a)     The Committee shall certify as to the achievement of any Performance Level before proceeding with any settlement of the Award.   

(b)     During the Distribution Period, the Company shall pay to the Employee a cash amount calculated based upon the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the date the Committee determines the Performance Level achieved and the number of Vested Stock Units to be issued in settlement of the Award.  

(c)     The Company shall not be required to issue cash in lieu of fractional shares upon the settlement of the Award.  

(d)      Notwithstanding anything in the Plan, the Award, or any other agreement (written or oral) to the contrary, if the Employee is a  specified employee  (within the meaning of Code Section 409A) on the date of a Termination of Employment, then any payment made with respect to such Termination of Employment under this Award will be delayed to the extent necessary to comply with Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i), and the applicable cash will be paid to the Employee during the five-day period commencing on the earlier of: (1) the expiration of the six-month period measured from the date of the Employee s Termination of Employment, or (2) the date of the Employee s death. Upon the expiration of the applicable six-month period under Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) (or, if earlier, the date of the Employee s death), all payments deferred pursuant to this Subsection (d) will be paid or delivered to Employee (or the Employee s estate, in the event of the Employee s death) in a lump sum.   

2.      Tax Withholding  .   The Company shall withhold the amount of taxes, which in the determination of the Company are required to be withheld under federal, state and local laws and all other applicable payroll withholding with respect to any amount payable under the Award.  

3.      Rights as Shareholder  . The Employee shall have no rights as a shareholder with respect to the either Performance Stock Units or Vested Stock Units. Except as otherwise provided in Section 7 and Section 5.2 of the Plan, the Company shall make no adjustment for any dividends or distributions.   

4.      Restrictions on Transfer  . The Employee shall not have the right to make or permit to exist any transfer or hypothecation, whether outright or as security, with or without consideration, voluntary or involuntary, of all or any part of any right, title or interest in or to   

3

any Performance Stock Units (including, without limitation, Vested Stock Units). Any such disposition not made in accordance with this Award shall be deemed null and void. The restrictions contained in this Section 5 will not apply with respect to transfers of the Performance Stock Units pursuant to applicable laws of descent and distribution;  provided  that any applicable restrictions contained in this Section 4 will continue to be applicable to the Performance Stock Units after any such transfer; and  provided further  that the transferee(s) of such Performance Stock Units must agree in writing to be bound by the provisions of the Plan and this Award.  

5.      Change in Capitalization  .  

(a)      The number and kind of shares of Common Stock upon which the settlement of this Award is calculated shall be proportionately adjusted for nonreciprocal transactions between the Company and the holders of capital stock of the Company that cause the per share value of the shares of Common Stock referenced by the Performance Stock Units to change, such as a stock dividend, stock split, spinoff, rights offering, or recapitalization through a large, nonrecurring cash dividend or distribution (each, an   Equity Restructuring  ).   

(b)      In the event of a merger, consolidation, extraordinary dividend (including a spin-off), reorganization, recapitalization, sale of substantially all of the Company s assets, other change in capital structure of the Company, tender offer for shares of Common Stock, or a Change in Control of the Company, that in each case does not constitute an Equity Restructuring, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may make such adjustments with respect to the Performance Stock Units and take such action as it deems necessary or appropriate, including, without limitation, adjusting the number of Performance Stock Units, making a corresponding adjustment in the number of shares subject to the Performance Stock Units, substituting a new award to replace the Award, removing restrictions on outstanding Awards, accelerating the termination of the Award or terminating the Award in exchange for the cash value determined in good faith by the Committee of the Performance Stock Units, as the Committee may determine. Any determination made by the Committee will be final and binding on the Employee.   

(c)      No fractional Performance Stock Units shall be created in making any adjustment pursuant to this Section 7. Instead, any adjustment pursuant to this Section 5 that would otherwise result in a fractional Performance Stock Unit becoming subject to the Award shall be further adjusted to round down the numbers of Performance Stock Units to the next lowest Performance Stock Unit.  

(d)      All determinations and adjustments made by the Committee pursuant to this Section will be final and binding on the Employee. Any action taken by the Committee need not treat all recipients of equity incentives equally.  

4

(e)      The existence of the Plan and the Award shall not affect the right or power of the Company to make or authorize any adjustment, reclassification, reorganization or other change in its capital or business structure, any merger or consolidation of the Company, any issue of debt or equity securities having preferences or priorities as to the Common Stock or the rights thereof, the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, any sale or transfer of all or part of its business or assets, or any other corporate act or proceeding.  

6.      Clawback   .  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Award is expressly subject to any  clawback policy  now or hereafter adopted by the Company, as the same may be amended from time to time, or any recoupment permitted or required by law.   

7.      Section 409A  . This Award is intended to comply with, or otherwise be exempt from, Code Section 409A, as applicable. This Award shall be administered, interpreted, and construed in a manner consistent with such Code section. Should any provision of this Award be found not to comply with, or otherwise be exempt from, the provisions of Code Section 409A, it shall be modified and given effect, in the sole discretion of the Committee and without requiring the Employee s consent, in such manner as the Committee determines to be necessary or appropriate to comply with, or to effectuate an exemption from, Code Section 409A. No acceleration of payment or settlement may be made except as permitted under Code Section 409A.   

8.      Governing Laws  . This Award shall be construed, administered and enforced according to the laws of the State of Georgia.  

9.      Successors  . This Award shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legal representatives, successors, and permitted assigns of the parties.  

10.      Notice  . Except as otherwise specified herein, all notices and other communications required or permitted under this Award shall be in writing and, if mailed by prepaid first-class mail or certified mail, return receipt requested, shall be deemed to have been received on the earlier of the date shown on the receipt or three (3) business days after the postmarked date thereof. In addition, notices hereunder may be delivered by hand, facsimile transmission or overnight courier, in which event the notice shall be deemed effective when delivered or transmitted. All notices and other communications under this Award shall be given to the parties hereto at the following addresses: to the Company (attention of the Chief Legal Officer), at the principal office of the Company or at any other address as the Company, by notice to Employee, may designate in writing from time to time; and to Employee, at Employee s address as shown on the records of the Company, or at any other address as Employee, by notice to the Company, may designate in writing from time to time.  

11.      Severability  . In the event that any one or more of the provisions or portion thereof contained in this Award shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal, or   

5

unenforceable in any respect, the same shall not invalidate or otherwise affect any other provisions of this Award, and this Award shall be construed as if the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision or portion thereof had never been contained herein.  

12.      Entire Agreement  . Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, this Award (including the Additional Terms and Conditions) expresses the entire understanding and agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter. The Committee shall have full and conclusive authority to interpret the Award and to make all other determinations necessary or advisable for the proper administration of the arrangement reflected by this Award. The Committee s interpretations and determinations in this regard shall be final and binding on the Employee.  

13.      Headings  . Paragraph headings used herein are for convenience of reference only and shall not be considered in construing this Award.   

14.      Specific Performance  . In the event of any actual or threatened default in, or breach of, any of the terms, conditions and provisions of this Award, the party or parties who are thereby aggrieved shall have the right to specific performance and injunction in addition to any and all other rights and remedies at law or in equity, and all such rights and remedies shall be cumulative.  

15.      No Right to Continued Service  . Neither this Award nor the issuance of the Performance Stock Units hereunder shall be construed as giving the Employee the right to continued service with the Company or any affiliate.  

16.      Definitions  . Except as provided below, all capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Plan. The following capitalized terms shall have the following meanings:   

(a)       Cause   has the same meaning as provided in the employment agreement currently or most recently in effect between the Employee and the Company or, if applicable, any affiliate of the Company, or if no such definition or employment agreement ever existed,  Cause  means conduct amounting to: (i) fraud or dishonesty in the performance of Employee s duties with the Company or its affiliates; (ii) willful misconduct; (iii) any intentional, willful and material failure of Employee to perform his or her employment duties (other than any such failure resulting from Employee s Disability) for thirty (30) days after the Board of Directors delivers a written demand for performance to Employee that specifically identifies the manner in which the Board of Directors believes that Employee has not substantially performed his or her employment duties; (iv) conduct in material violation of the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics; (v) conviction or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a felony; or (vi) material breach or violation of the terms of any agreement to which Employee and the Company (or any affiliate) are party. For purposes of this paragraph, no act or failure to act on the   

6

part of Employee shall be considered  intentional  or  willful  unless it is done, or omitted to be done, by Employee in bad faith and without reasonable belief that Employee s act or omission was in the best interests of the Company and its affiliates, and any act or failure to act based upon authority given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board of Directors or advice of counsel for the Company shall be conclusively presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, by Employee in good faith and in the best interests of the Company and its affiliates.  

(b)       Change in Control   means any one of the following events occurring after the Grant Date:  

(i) the acquisition by any individual, entity or  group  (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (a  Person ) of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) of voting securities of the Company where such acquisition causes any such Person to own twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities then entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the  Outstanding Voting Securities ); provided, however, that the following shall not constitute a Change in Control: (1) any acquisition directly from the Company, unless such a Person subsequently acquires additional shares of Outstanding Voting Securities other than from the Company; or (2) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any affiliate; 

(ii) within any twelve-month period (beginning on or after the date the Stock Incentive is granted), the persons who were directors of the Company immediately before the beginning of such twelve-month period (the  Incumbent Directors ) shall cease to constitute at least a majority of the Board of Directors of the Company; provided that any director who was not a director as of the date the Stock Incentive is granted shall be deemed to be an Incumbent Director if that director was elected to the Board of Directors by, or on the recommendation of or with the approval of, at least two-thirds of the directors who then qualified as Incumbent Directors; and provided further that no director whose initial assumption of office is in connection with an actual or threatened election contest relating to the election of directors shall be deemed to be an Incumbent Director; 

(iii) the consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation, with respect to which persons who were the shareholders of the Company immediately prior to such reorganization, merger or consolidation do not, immediately thereafter, own more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power entitled to vote in the election of directors of the reorganized, merged or consolidated company  s then outstanding voting securities;   

7

(iv) the sale, transfer or assignment of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its affiliates to any third party; or 

(v) the liquidation or dissolution of the Company .  

Notwithstanding anything in this Plan to the contrary, to the extent any provision of this Plan would cause a payment or benefit not exempt from the requirements of Code Section 409A to be made because of the occurrence of a Change in Control, then such payment or benefit shall not be made unless such Change in Control also constitutes a  change in ownership ,  change in effective control  or  change in ownership of a substantial portion of the Company  s assets  within the meaning of Code Section 409A. Any payment that would have been made except for the application of the preceding sentence shall be made in accordance with the payment schedule that would have applied in the absence of a Change in Control (and other Executive rights that are tied to a Change in Control shall not be affected by this paragraph).   

(c)       Disability   means the Employee is (i) unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months or (ii) by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Company and its affiliates. The determination of Disability will be made in accordance with the definition of  disability  under Code Section 409A.  

(d)       Termination of Employment   means a  separation from service  within the meaning of Code Section 409A and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.   

8

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 7
 ex10-6.htm
 FORM OF SERVICE-BASED PHANTOM STOCK UNIT AWARD

RUBY TUESDAY, INC.  

  SERVICE-BASED    PHANTOM   STOCK   UNIT   AWARD   

This SERVICE-BASED PHANTOM STOCK UNIT AWARD (the    Award  ) is made and entered into as of the ___________ by and between Ruby Tuesday, Inc. (the   Company  ), a Georgia corporation, and ____________________________ (the   Employee  ).  

Upon and subject to the provisions of the Plan and the Additional Terms and Conditions attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference as part of this Award, the Company hereby awards as of the Grant Date to the Employee the Phantom Stock Units described below in consideration of the Employee s services to the Company.  

A. 

Grant Date : __________.  

B. 

Plan Under Which Granted : Ruby Tuesday, Inc. 1996 Stock Incentive Plan or the Ruby Tuesday, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (the   Plan  ).  

C. 

Phantom   Stock Units : The number of Phantom Stock Units subject to the Award shall be _________________________________ (_______). Each Phantom Stock Unit represents the Company s unfunded and unsecured obligation to make a cash payment equal to the value of one share of the Company s common stock (  Common Stock  ), $.01 par value per share, in accordance with this Award, subject to the terms of this Award and the Plan.  

D. 

Vesting Schedule : The Phantom Stock Units shall become vested, as and to the extent indicated below, only if and to the extent the Employee provides continuous service to the Company and/or any affiliate for the period beginning with the Grant Date through the date described in the following Vesting Schedule without experiencing a Termination of Employment (the   Service Condition  ):   

Continuous Service Date  

Percentage of  Phantom Stock Units  

			  which are Vested    Stock Units   

Prior to __________ 

0% 

__________  and after  

100% 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Service Condition will be deemed satisfied as to all or a portion of the  Phantom Stock Units, as indicated below, if the Employee provides continuous service to the Company and/or any affiliate following the Grant Date through the date of any of the earlier events listed below without experiencing a Termination of Employment: (a) in the event of a Termination of Employment due to Disability or death; or (b) in the event of an involuntary Termination of Employment, other than for Cause, all of the Phantom Stock Units not previously vested shall be deemed to have satisfied the Service Condition immediately prior to the effective date of the event.  

 The  Phantom Stock Units which have satisfied, or are deemed to have satisfied, the Service Condition are herein referred to as the   Vested Stock Units .  Any portion of the Phantom Stock units which have not become Vested Stock Units in accordance with this Paragraph D before or at the time of Employee s Termination of Employment shall be forfeited .    

E. 

Distribution   Period : Subject to the attached Additional Terms and Conditions, the shares of Common Stock attributable to the Vested Stock Units shall be issued to the Employee within ninety (90) days following the date the Phantom Stock Units become vested (each a   Distribution   Period  ).   

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and Employee have agreed to this Award as of the Grant Date set forth above.  

RUBY TUESDAY, INC.  

By:     ________________  

      [Name]   

Title:   

ADDITIONAL    TERMS AND CONDITIONS TO THE   

  RUBY TUESDAY, INC.  

  PHANTOM    STOCK UNIT AWARD   

1.     Settlement and Delivery of Vested Stock Units  .   

(a)     During the Distribution Period, the Company shall deliver a cash payment equal to the value of the number of shares of Common Stock attributable to Vested Stock Units to the Employee in settlement of the Employee s rights under this Award. The value of the Common Stock will be determined as of the date the Phantom Stock Units become vested.  

(b)     The Company shall not be required to issue cash in lieu of fractional shares upon the settlement of the Award.  

(c)     Notwithstanding anything in the Plan, the Award, or any other agreement (written or oral) to the contrary:   

(i)      In the event the Service Condition has been deemed satisfied pursuant to Paragraph D.b. of the Award with respect to the Employee, the Award will nevertheless be forfeited if the Committee determines that, between the effective date of the Termination of Employment and the settlement of the Award, the Employee provided services in any capacity within the United States which involves duties and responsibilities similar to those undertaken for the Company with any of the following competitors: Chipotle Mexican Grill, Salsarita s Fresh Cantina, Moe s Southwestern Grill, Olive Garden Italian Restaurant, Red Lobster, Longhorn Steakhouse, Outback Steakhouse, Applebee s, Chili s Grill   Bar, T.G.I. Friday s, Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, and O Charley s, Inc., or any of their parents, affiliated companies, or successors.  

(ii)      If the Employee is a  specified employee  (within the meaning of Code Section 409A) on the date of a Termination of Employment, then any payment made or settlement occurring with respect to such Termination of Employment under this Award will be delayed to the extent necessary to comply with Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i), and the applicable stock will be paid or settled to the Employee during the five-day period commencing on the earlier of: (i) the expiration of the six-month period measured from the date of the Employee s Termination of Employment, or (ii) the date of the Employee s death. Upon the expiration of the applicable six-month period under Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) (or, if earlier, the date of the Employee s death), all stock deferred pursuant to this Subsection (c) will be paid or delivered to Employee (or the Employee s estate, in the event of the Employee s death) in a lump sum.   

2.     Tax Withholding  .   

(a)      The minimum amount of the required tax withholding obligations imposed on the Company by reason of the settlement of the Award attributable to Vested Stock Units shall be withheld from settlement of the Award.  

( b)     If the Employee does not timely satisfy payment of the tax withholding obligations, the Employee will forfeit the Vested Stock Units.   

3.     Rights as Shareholder  . The Employee shall have no rights as a shareholder with respect to the either Phantom Stock Units or Vested Stock Units.   

4.     Restrictions on Transfer  . The Employee shall not have the right to make or permit to exist any transfer or hypothecation, whether outright or as security, with or without consideration, voluntary or involuntary, of all or any part of any right, title or interest in or to any Phantom Stock Units (including, without limitation, Vested Stock Units). Any such disposition not made in accordance with this Award shall be deemed null and void. The restrictions contained in this Section will not apply with respect to transfers of the Phantom Stock Units pursuant to applicable laws of descent and distribution;  provided  that any applicable the restrictions contained in this Section will continue to be applicable to the Phantom Stock Units after any such transfer; and  provided further  that the transferee(s) of such Phantom Stock Units must agree in writing to be bound by the provisions of the Plan and this Award.  

5.     Change in Capitalization  .  

(a)      The number and kind of shares of Common Stock upon which the Phantom Stock Units are based (including, without limitation, Vested Stock Units) shall be proportionately adjusted for nonreciprocal transactions between the Company and the holders of capital stock of the Company that cause the per share value of the shares of Common Stock referenced by the Phantom Stock Units to change, such as a stock dividend, stock split, spinoff, rights offering, or recapitalization through a large, nonrecurring cash dividend or distribution (each, an   Equity Restructuring  ).   

(b)      In the event of a merger, consolidation, extraordinary dividend (including a spin-off), reorganization, recapitalization, sale of substantially all of the Company s assets, other change in capital structure of the Company, tender offer for shares of Common Stock, or a Change in Control of the Company, that in each case does not constitute an Equity Restructuring, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may make such adjustments with respect to the Phantom Stock Units and take such action as it deems necessary or appropriate, including, without limitation, adjusting the number of Phantom Stock Units, making a corresponding adjustment in the number of shares subject to the Phantom Stock Units, substituting a new award to replace the Award, removing restrictions on outstanding Awards, accelerating the termination of the Award or terminating the Award in exchange for the cash value determined in good faith by the Committee of the Phantom Stock Units, as the Committee may determine. Any determination made by the Committee will be final and binding on the Employee.   

(c)      No fractional shares shall be created in making any adjustment pursuant to this Section. Instead, any adjustment pursuant to this Section that would otherwise result in a fractional Phantom Stock Unit shall be further adjusted to round down the numbers of Phantom Stock Units to the next lowest Phantom Stock Unit.  

(d)      All determinations and adjustments made by the Committee pursuant to this Section will be final and binding on the Employee. Any action taken by the Committee need not treat all recipients of equity incentives equally.  

(e)      The existence of the Plan and the Award shall not affect the right or power of the Company to make or authorize any adjustment, reclassification, reorganization or other change in its capital or business structure, any merger or consolidation of the Company, any issue of debt or equity securities having preferences or priorities as to the Common Stock or the rights thereof, the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, any sale or transfer of all or part of its business or assets, or any other corporate act or proceeding.  

6.     Clawback   .  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Award and any Common Stock issued pursuant to this Award is expressly subject to any  clawback policy  now or hereafter adopted by the Company, as the same may be amended from time to time, or any recoupment permitted or required by law.   

7.     Section 409A  . This Award is intended to comply with, or otherwise be exempt from, Code Section 409A, as applicable. This Award shall be administered, interpreted, and construed in a manner consistent with such Code section. Should any provision of this Award be found not to comply with, or otherwise be exempt from, the provisions of Code Section 409A, it shall be modified and given effect, in the sole discretion of the Committee and without requiring the Employee s consent, in such manner as the Committee determines to be necessary or appropriate to comply with, or to effectuate an exemption from, Code Section 409A. No acceleration of payment or settlement may be made except as permitted under Code Section 409A.   

8.     Governing Laws  . This Award shall be construed, administered and enforced according to the laws of the State of Georgia.  

9.     Successors  . This Award shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legal representatives, successors, and permitted assigns of the parties.  

10.     Notice  . Except as otherwise specified herein, all notices and other communications required or permitted under this Award shall be in writing and, if mailed by prepaid first-class mail or certified mail, return receipt requested, shall be deemed to have been received on the earlier of the date shown on the receipt or three (3) business days after the postmarked date thereof. In addition, notices hereunder may be delivered by hand, facsimile transmission or overnight courier, in which event the notice shall be deemed effective when delivered or transmitted. All notices and other communications under this Award shall be given to the parties hereto at the following addresses: to the Company (attention of the Chief Legal Officer), at the principal office of the Company or at any other address as the Company, by notice to Employee, may designate in writing from time to time; and to Employee, at Employee s address as shown on the records of the Company, or at any other address as Employee, by notice to the Company, may designate in writing from time to time.  

11.     Severability  . In the event that any one or more of the provisions or portion thereof contained in this Award shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect, the same shall not invalidate or otherwise affect any other provisions of this Award, and this Award shall be construed as if the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision or portion thereof had never been contained herein.  

12.     Entire Agreement  . Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, this Award (including the Additional Terms and Conditions) expresses the entire understanding and agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter. The Committee shall have full and conclusive authority to interpret the Award and to make all other determinations necessary or advisable for the proper administration of the arrangement reflected by this Award. The Committee s interpretations and determinations in this regard shall be final and binding on the Employee.  

13.     Headings  . Paragraph headings used herein are for convenience of reference only and shall not be considered in construing this Award.   

14.     Specific Performance  . In the event of any actual or threatened default in, or breach of, any of the terms, conditions and provisions of this Award, the party or parties who are thereby aggrieved shall have the right to specific performance and injunction in addition to any and all other rights and remedies at law or in equity, and all such rights and remedies shall be cumulative.  

15.     No Right to Continued Service  . Neither this Award nor the issuance of the Phantom Stock Units hereunder shall be construed as giving the Employee the right to continued service with the Company or any affiliate.  

16.     Definitions  . Except as provided below, all capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Plan. The following capitalized terms shall have the following meanings:   

(a)       Cause   has the same meaning as provided in the employment agreement currently or most recently in effect between the Employee and the Company or, if applicable, any affiliate of the Company, or if no such definition or employment agreement ever existed,  Cause  means conduct amounting to: (i) fraud or dishonesty in the performance of the duties of Employee s service with the Company or its affiliates, (ii) Employee s willful misconduct, refusal to follow the reasonable directions of his/her supervisors, or knowing violation of law, rules or regulations (including misdemeanors relating to public intoxication, driving under the influence, use or possession of controlled substances or relating to conduct of a similarly nature), (iii) acts of moral turpitude or personal conduct in violation of Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, (iv) absence from work without reasonable excuse, (v) intoxication with alcohol or drugs while on Company s or affiliates  premises, (vi) a conviction or plea of guilty or  nolo contendere  to a crime involving dishonesty, or (vii) a breach or violation of the terms of any agreement to which Employee and the Company (or any affiliate) are party.  

(b)       Disability   means the Employee is (i) unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months or (ii) by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Company and its affiliates. The determination of Disability will be made in accordance with the definition of  disability  under Code Section 409A.  

6614812.2 

       (c)       Termination of Employment   means a  separation from service  within the meaning of Code Section 409A and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.   6614812.2  

</EX-10.6>

<EX-12.1>
 8
 ex12-1.htm
 COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF CONSOLIDATED EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES

</EX-12.1>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 ex31-1.htm
 302 CERTIFICATION FOR CEO

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION  PURSUANT TO   

  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I,  F. Lane Cardwell, Jr, certify that:  

1. 

I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Ruby Tuesday, Inc.;  

2.        Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.        Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.        The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)        Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b)        Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c)        Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

(d)        Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of the annual report)   that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.        The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)        All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)        Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:   October 7, 2016   

/s/ F. Lane Cardwell, Jr.  

F. Lane Cardwell, Jr. 

Interim President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 ex31-2.htm
 302 CERTIFICATION FOR CFO

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I,  Sue Briley, certify that:  

1. 

I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Ruby Tuesday, Inc.;  

2.        Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.        Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.        The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)        Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b)        Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c)        Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

(d)        ()Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of the annual report)   that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.        The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)        All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)       Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:   October 7, 2016   

/s/ Sue Briley   

Sue Briley 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 ex32-1.htm
 906 CERTIFICATION FOR CEO

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the  Quarterly Report of Ruby Tuesday, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 30, 2016 (the  Report ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, F. Lane Cardwell, Jr., Interim President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:   

(1)       The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and   

(2)       The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Date:   October 7, 2016   

/    s / F. Lane Cardwell, Jr.    

F. Lane Cardwell, Jr 

Interim  President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 12
 ex32-2.htm
 906 CERTIFICATION FOR CFO

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the  Quarterly Report of Ruby Tuesday, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 30, 2016 (the  Report ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Sue Briley, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:   

(1)        The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and   

(2)        The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Date :  October 7, 2016    

/s/ Sue Briley   

Sue Briley 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 13
 rt-20160830.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 rt-20160830.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 rt-20160830_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 rt-20160830_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 rt-20160830_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 rt-20160830_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

