<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1424768_0001493152-16-014827_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2508928</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>80835</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>198509</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>604140</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>937453</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>611455</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>50</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-16-014827.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114080236
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-16-014827
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VYCOR MEDICAL INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001424768
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				203369218
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34932
		FILM NUMBER:		161990674

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6401 CONGRESS AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 140
		CITY:			BOCA RATON,
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33487
		BUSINESS PHONE:		562.558.2000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6401 CONGRESS AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 140
		CITY:			BOCA RATON,
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33487

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-16-014827.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 form10-q.htm

U.S. SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION        

  Washington, D. C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q   

(Mark One) 

For the fiscal quarter
ended   September 30, 2016   

[  ]  
      TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT    

For the transition period
from                     to                      

VYCOR MEDICAL, INC.   

  (Exact name of small business issuer as specified
in its charter)  

6401 Congress
Ave., Suite 140, Boca Raton, FL 33487  
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code)  

Issuer s telephone number: (561) 558-2020  

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of
the Exchange Act: 

 Common Stock par value $0.0001 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [  ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). Yes [  ] No [  ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer [  ]  
       
      Accelerated Filer [  ]   

Non-accelerated Filer [  ] (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
       
      Smaller Reporting Company   [X]    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). [  ] Yes [  ] No 

There were 11,220,856 shares outstanding of
registrant s common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, as of November 11, 2016. 

Transitional Small Business Disclosure Format
(check one): Yes [  ] No [X] 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I     
 
      Item 1.  
       Financial Statements   
      3      

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   
      3   

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015.   
      4   

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015.   
      5   

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements   
      6   

Item 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation   
      13   

Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      24   

Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      24   

PART II     

Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
      25   

Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
      25   

Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      25   

Item 3.  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      25   

Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      25   

Item 5.  
       Other Information   
      25   

Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
      25   

SIGNATURES   
      26   

PART I 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

VYCOR MEDICAL,
INC.  
   Consolidated Balance Sheets  

 (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

VYCOR MEDICAL,
INC.  
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss  
 (unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

VYCOR MEDICAL,
INC.  
   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  
 (unaudited)  

See Accompanying Notes to Financial Statements 

VYCOR MEDICAL,
INC.  
   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  
 (unaudited)  

1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION 

The consolidated financial statements of the
Company present the financial position, results of operations, and cash flows of Vycor Medical, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries.
All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP )
for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X of the Securities Exchange
Commission. In accordance with those rules and regulations certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in comprehensive
financial statements have been omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. The consolidated balance sheet as of December 31,
2015 derives from the audited financial statements at that date, but does not include all the information and footnotes required
by GAAP. These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto included
in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

The consolidated financial statements for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, in the opinion of management, include all adjustments, consisting only
of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of the Company s financial condition and results of operations.
The results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are not necessarily indicative of the
results to be expected for any other interim period or for the entire year. Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified
to conform to the current presentation. 

2. GOING CONCERN 

The Company s financial statements have
been presented on a basis that contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course
of business and assumes the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has incurred losses since its inception, including
a net loss of $1,164,822 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and the Company expects to continue to incur additional
losses in the future, including additional development costs, costs related to marketing and manufacturing expenses. The Company
has incurred negative cash flows from operations since inception. As of September 30, 2016 the Company had a stockholders 
equity of $399,144 and $114,176 cash. The Company believes it would not have enough cash to meet its various cash needs unless
the Company is able to obtain additional cash from the issuance of debt or equity securities. There is no assurance that additional
funds from the issuance of equity will be available for the Company to finance its operations on acceptable terms or at all. If
adequate funds are not available, the Company may have to delay development or commercialization of products or technologies that
the Company would otherwise seek to commercialize, or cease some or all of its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect
the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities
that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Principles of Consolidation and
Basis of Presentation 

The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of Vycor Medical, Inc., and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, NovaVision, Inc. (a Delaware corporation), NovaVision GmbH
(a German corporation) and Sight Science Limited (a UK corporation), both wholly owned subsidiaries of NovaVision, Inc. The Company
is headquartered in Boca Raton, FL. All material inter-company accounts, transactions, and profits have been eliminated in consolidation.
Certain reclassifications and format changes have been made to prior year amounts to conform to the current year presentation. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

From time to time new accounting pronouncements
are issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board or other standard setting bodies that may have an impact on the Company s
accounting and reporting. The Company believes that such recently issued accounting pronouncements and other authoritative guidance
for which the effective date is in the future will not have an impact on its accounting or reporting or that such impact will not
be material to its financial position, results of operations and cash flows when implemented. 

Net Loss Per Share 

Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing
net loss by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per share is computed
giving effect to all dilutive potential common shares that were outstanding during the period. Dilutive potential common shares
consist of incremental shares issuable upon exercise of stock options and warrants and conversion of preferred stock and convertible
debt. Such potentially dilutive shares are excluded when the effect would be to reduce a net loss per share. No dilution adjustment
has been made to the weighted average outstanding common shares in the periods presented because the assumed exercise of outstanding
options and warrants and the conversion of preferred stock and debt would be anti-dilutive. 

The following table sets forth the potential
shares of common stock that are not included in the calculation of diluted net loss per share: 

4. NOTES PAYABLE 

Related Party Notes Payable 

As of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 Related Party Notes Payable consists of:  

Other Notes Payable 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, Other Notes Payable
consists of: 

The company assesses the value of the beneficial
conversion feature of its convertible debt by determining the intrinsic value of such conversion, under ASC 470, at the time of
issuance. At the time of issuance of the convertible debt instruments set out above, the fair value of the stock was either the
same or less than the conversion price, and so there was no value attributable to any beneficial conversion feature. 

5. SEGMENT REPORTING, GEOGRAPHICAL
INFORMATION 

(a) Business segments 

The Company operates in two business segments:
Vycor Medical, which focuses on devices for neurosurgery; and NovaVision, which focuses on neuro stimulation therapies and diagnostic
devices for the treatment and screening of vision field loss and which includes Sight Science. Set out below are the revenues,
gross profits and total assets for each segment. 

(b) Geographic information 

The Company operates in two geographic segments,
the United States and Europe. Set out below are the revenues, gross profits and total assets for each segment. 

6. EQUITY 

Preferred Stock 

During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, the Company paid an aggregate of 17,971 shares of Preferred D Stock, valued at $179,727, representing preferred stock dividends.
The Preferred D shares are convertible on their terms at $2.15 per share of Common Stock into 83,586 shares. An aggregate of 17,142
shares of Preferred D Stock dividends were in respect of related parties (See Note 11). 

Common Stock and Stock Grants 

During January to September 2016, the Company
granted 113,467 shares of Common Stock (valued at $57,000) to non-employee Directors. Under the terms of the Directors Deferred
Compensation Plan, the receipt of these shares is deferred until the January 15 th  following the termination of their
services as a director. As of September 30, 2016 these shares have yet to be issued. 

During January to September 2016, the Company
issued 54,657 shares of Common Stock (valued at $28,438) to members of the NovaVision, Inc. Scientific Advisory Board in respect
of their services. 

During January to September 2016, the Company
issued 121,569 shares of Common Stock (valued at $90,000) to Fountainhead in accordance with the terms of a Consulting Agreement. 

During April to September 2016, the Company
issued 15,404 shares of Common Stock (valued at $8,334) to Techmed, Inc. in accordance with the terms of a consulting agreement. 

During May to September 2016, the Company issued
100,000 share of Common Stock (valued at $40,700) to Valeo Consulting in accordance with the terms of a consulting agreement. 

Warrants and Options 

The details of the outstanding warrants and
options are as follows: 

As of September 30, 2016, the weighted-average
remaining contractual life of outstanding warrants and options is 0.50 and 1.90 years, respectively. 

7. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION 

Stock Option Plan 

Under ASC Topic 718, the Company estimates
the fair value of option awards on the date of grant using an option pricing model. The grant date fair value is recognized over
the option vesting period, the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award. No compensation
cost is recognized for equity instruments for which employees do not render the requisite service. Under these standards, compensation
cost for employee cost for employee stock-based awards is based on the estimated grant-date fair value and recognized over the
vesting period of the applicable award on a straight-line basis. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, the Company recognized share-based compensation of $272,921 and $25,011, respectively, for employee stock options. 

Stock appreciation rights may be granted either
on a stand alone basis or in conjunction with all or part of any other stock options granted under the plan. As of September 30,
2016 there were no awards of any stock appreciation rights. 

Non-Employee Stock Compensation 

The Company from time to time issues common
stock, stock options or common stock warrants to acquire services or goods from non-employees. Common stock, stock options and
common stock warrants issued to other than employees or directors are recorded on the basis of their fair value, which is measured
as of the  measurement date  using an option pricing model. The  measurement date  for options and warrants
related to contracts that have substantial disincentives to non-performance is the date of the contract, and for all other contracts
is the vesting date. Expense related to the options and warrants is recognized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the
period over which services are to be received or the life of the option or warrant. 

Aggregate stock-based compensation expense
charged to operations for stock and warrants granted to non-employees for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $149,750. 

Stock-based Compensation Valuation Methodology 

Stock-based compensation resulting from the
issuance of Common Stock is calculated by reference to the valuation of the Stock on the date of issuance, the expense being recognized
as the compensation is earned. Stock-based compensation expenses related to employee options and warrants granted to non-employees
are recognized as the stock options and warrants are earned. The fair value of the stock options or warrants granted is estimated
at the grant date, using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, and the expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the
shorter of the period over which services are to be received or the life of the option or warrant. The grant date fair value of
employee share options and similar instruments is estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model on the basis of the fair
value of the underlying common stock on the measurement date, adjusted for the unique characteristics of those equity instruments,
using the assumptions noted in the table below. Expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of a peer group of publicly
traded companies. The expected term of options and warrants was based upon the expected life of the option or warrant, and the
risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury Constant Maturity rate. 

The following assumptions were used in calculations
of the Black-Scholes option pricing model for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

8. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 

The Company
has adopted ASC 820 for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at each reporting
period. The adoption of ASC 820 did not have an impact on the Company s financial position or results of operations.  

Under the terms of the Offering during the
period January 2 to April 25, 2014, in five separate closings, a total of 2,397,631 Series A Warrants and Placement Agent Warrants
were issued, which carried anti-dilution rights. Effective May 15, 2014 these anti-dilution rights were waived for all but 34,723
of the Series A Warrants and for all of the Placement Agent Warrants. The Company accounted for the Series A Warrants in accordance
with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40-15-7D, whereby under that provision, because they had anti-dilution rights, they did
not meet the criteria for equity treatment and needed to be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, the Company classified the warrant
instrument as a liability at its fair value and adjusted the instrument to fair value at each reporting period.   The anti-dilution
provisions expired on June 11, 2015 and accordingly the liability was extinguished at that date. 

The following
table presents information about the Company s liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis (the 34,723
Series A Warrants above) as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation
inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value. In general, fair values determined by Level 1 inputs utilize quoted prices
(unadjusted) in active markets for identical liabilities. Fair values determined by Level 2 inputs utilize data points that are
observable such as quoted prices, interest rates and yield curves. Fair values determined by Level 3 inputs are unobservable data
points for the liability, and includes situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the liability.   

The table below provides a reconciliation of
the beginning and ending balances for the liabilities measured using fair significant unobservable inputs (Level 3): 

The fair value of the Series A Warrants was
determined using a Monte Carlo Simulation. This model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the expected
price volatility, which is based on the historical volatility of a peer group of publicly traded companies. Changes in the subjective
input assumptions can materially affect the estimate of fair value of the warrants and the Company s results of operations
could be impacted. 

The following assumptions were used in calculations
of the Monte Carlo Simulation model for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

9. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

Lease 

The Company leases approximately 10,000 sq.
ft. located at 6401 Congress Ave., Suite 140, Boca Raton, FL 33487 from Catexor Limited Partnership for a gross rent of $15,439
plus sales tax per month. The term of the lease is 5 years and 6 months terminating July, 2017. The Company s subsidiaries
in Germany and the UK occupy properties on short term lease agreements. Rent expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015 was $159,176 and $150,000 respectively. 

Potential German tax liability    

In June 2012 the Company s German subsidiary
received a preliminary assessment for Magdeburg City trade tax of approximately  75,000 (approximately $85,000). This assessment
is for the 2010 fiscal year and relates to the Company s acquisition of the assets of the former NovaVision, Inc. An initial
assessment for corporate tax for the same period has been preliminarily reduced to zero. The Company has not accepted this trade
tax assessment and is in discussion with the relevant tax authorities with a view to its reduction. The tax authorities have agreed
to suspend the assessment pending the outcome of certain court hearings, and the Company has agreed to make limited monthly payments
on account. To the extent that this assessment (either a higher or a reduced amount) is ultimately confirmed by the tax authorities,
the Company believes it has a very strong claim against certain professional advisors which would offset the liability in full.
Accordingly, the Company has made no provision for this liability in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and the
year ended December 31, 2015 respectively, other than recording the monthly payments as an expense. 

Potential Patent Infringement    

The Company was made aware in 2012 that a competitor
had been granted a patent for related technology, and appeared to be     entering the market with products that infringe
the Company s own issued patent. Following investigation, the Company initiated an invalidation of the competitor s
patent; in March 2014 the Patent Re-examination Board issued an Examination Decision invalidating all the claims of the competitor s
patent. The competitor appealed the decision, but the Company has contested the appeal. A final decision on the appeal is pending.
The Company has, in the interim, also prepared to enforce its own patent against this competitor, however this competitor appears
to have abandoned its product offering, making an enforcement action moot for the time being. The Company has also been made aware
that a second competitor has filed a patent application for related technology and also may be producing a product that potentially
infringes the Company s patent, and has filed documents with the State Intellectual Property Office opposing grant of the
patent application. As a general rule the Company intends to take all necessary action to protect its patent portfolio. As with
all patent infringement actions, there is some risk that the accused infringer will not be found to infringe the claims, and an
additional risk that the accused infringer will successfully challenge the validity of the asserted claims. 

10. CONSULTING AND OTHER AGREEMENTS  

The following agreements were entered into
or remained in force during the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

Under the terms of an amended Consulting Agreement
between the Company and Fountainhead, Fountainhead is paid a monthly retainer of $10,000 per month, payable $5,000 in cash and
$5,000 payable in Company Common Stock at the end of each quarter based upon an agreed valuation formula. Effective September 2015,
Fountainhead agreed to receive all of the fees in Common Stock. 

In
May 2016 the Company entered into a Consultancy agreement with Valeo Consulting LLC to assist in the raising of capital and related
financial matters by dealing with potential investors, banks and brokers on behalf of the Company. Under the agreement the Company
issued 50,000 shares of Vycor Common Stock on execution and 50,000 on August 1, 2016.  

11. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

Peter
Zachariou, director and David Cantor, director are investment managers of Fountainhead Capital Management which is a related party
due to the size of its shareholding. Adrian Liddell, Chairman is a consultant for Fountainhead Capital Management.  

During the period ended September 30, 2016,
in accordance with the terms of the Consulting Agreement, the Company issued 121,569 shares of Common Stock (valued at $90,000)
to Fountainhead. 

During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, the Company paid an aggregate of 17,971 shares of Preferred D Stock, valued at $179,727, representing preferred stock dividends.
The Preferred D shares are convertible on their terms at $2.15 per share of Common Stock into 83,586 shares. An aggregate of 17,142
shares of Preferred D Stock dividends were in respect of related parties. 

During the period ended September 30, 2016,
the Company issued unsecured loan notes to Fountainhead for a total of $248,000. The loan notes bear interest at a rate of 10%
and are due on demand or by their one-year anniversary. 

12.  SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

The Company evaluated subsequent events through
the date the financial statements were issued and filed with this Form 10Q: 

None. 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

Forward Looking Statements 

This Interim Report on Form 10-Q contains,
in addition to historical information, certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995 ( PLSRA ), Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ),
and section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) regarding Vycor Medical, Inc.
(the  Company  or  Vycor,  also referred to as  us ,  we  or  our ).
Forward-looking statements give our current expectations or forecasts of future events. You can identify these statements by the
fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties.
Forward-looking statements include statements regarding, among other things, (a) our projected sales, profitability, and cash flows,
(b) our growth strategies, (c) anticipated trends in our industries, (d) our future financing plans and (e) our anticipated needs
for working capital. They are generally identifiable by use of the words  may,   will,   should, 
 anticipate,   estimate,   plans,   potential,   projects,   continuing, 
 ongoing,   expects,   management believes,   we believe,   we intend 
or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. These statements may be found under
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and  Description
of Business,  as well as in this Form 10-Q generally. In particular, these include statements relating to future actions,
prospective products or product approvals, future performance or results of current and anticipated products, sales efforts, expenses,
the outcome of contingencies such as legal proceedings, and financial results. 

Any or all of our forward-looking statements
in this report may turn out to be inaccurate. They can be affected by inaccurate assumptions we might make or by known or unknown
risks or uncertainties. Consequently, no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Actual future results may vary materially
as a result of various factors, including, without limitation, the risks outlined under  Risk Factors  and matters
described in this Form 10-Q generally. In light of these risks and uncertainties, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking
statements contained in this filing will in fact occur. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.
The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and, except to the extent required by federal
securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as the result of new information,
future events, or otherwise. We intend that all forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbor provisions of the PSLRA. 

1.  
      Organizational History   

The Company was formed as a limited liability
company under the laws of the State of New York on June 17, 2005 as  Vycor Medical LLC . On August 14, 2007, we converted
into a Delaware corporation and changed our name to  Vycor Medical, Inc. . The Company s listing went effective
on February 2009 and on November 29, 2010 Vycor completed the acquisition of substantially all of the assets of NovaVision, Inc.
( NovaVision ) and on January 4, 2012 Vycor, through its wholly-owned NovaVision subsidiary, completed the acquisition
of all the shares of Sight Science Limited ( Sight Science ), a previous competitor to NovaVision. 

2.  
      Overview of Business   

Vycor is dedicated to providing the medical
community with innovative and superior surgical and therapeutic solutions and operates two distinct business units within the medical
device industry. Vycor Medical designs, develops and markets medical devices for use in neurosurgery. NovaVision provides non-invasive
rehabilitation therapies for those who have vision disorders resulting from neurological brain damage such as that caused by a
stroke. Both businesses adopt a minimally or non-invasive approach. Both technologies have strong sales growth potential, address
large potential markets and have the requisite regulatory approvals. The Company has 57 issued or allowed patents and a further
13 pending. The Company leverages joint resources across the divisions to operate in a cost-efficient manner. 

The Company periodically engages in discussions
with potential strategic partners for or purchasers of each or both of its operating divisions, and also gives consideration to
a potential separation of the two entities into separately quoted entities. 

Vycor Medical  

Vycor Medical designs, develops and markets
medical devices for use in neurosurgery. Vycor Medical s ViewSite Brain Access System ( VBAS ) is a next generation
retraction and access system that was fully commercialized in early 2010 and is the first significant technological change to brain
tissue retraction in over 50 years in contrast to significant development in most other neuro-surgical technologies. Vycor Medical
is ISO 13485:2003 compliant, and VBAS has U.S. FDA 510(k) clearance and CE Marking for Europe (Class III) for brain and spine surgeries,
and regulatory approvals in Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Korea, Japan, Russia and Taiwan. 

We believe VBAS offers several advantages over
other brain retractor systems, commonly known as ribbon or blade retractors that are metallic, including having the potential to
significantly reduce brain tissue trauma that arises from excessive pressure at the edges of the blade. The design of VBAS can
minimize the size of the brain entry access necessary for surgical procedures, and is believed to significantly reduce the pressure
and hence trauma on the surrounding brain tissue. 

NovaVision  

NovaVision provides non-invasive, computer-based
rehabilitation targeted at a substantial and largely un-addressed market of people who have lost their sight as a result of stroke
or other brain injury. NovaVision addresses a significant target market, estimated at approximately $2 billion in each of the U.S.
and the EU and over $13 billion globally. 

NovaVision has a family of therapies that both
restore and compensate for lost vision: 

Restoration of vision: NovaVision s VRT and Sight Science s Neuro-Eye Therapy (NeET), aim to improve visual sensitivity in a person s blind area. VRT delivers a series of light stimuli along the border of the patient s visual field loss. These programmed light sequences stimulate the border zone between the  seeing  and  blind  visual fields, repetitively challenging the visual cortex in the border zone with a large number of stimuli over the course of time. NeET targets deep within the blind area by repeated stimulation, allowing patients to detect objects within the blind field.   

Compensation and re-training: Normal eye movements are also affected after brain injury adding to the problems of blindness. NeuroEyeCoach provides a complementary therapy to VRT and NeET, which re-trains a patient to move their eyes, re-integrate left and right vision and to make the most of their remaining visual field.   

VRT and NeuroEyeCoach are therefore highly
complementary and are provided in an Internet-delivered suite to ensure broad benefits to NovaVision s patients. 

NovaVision also has models of VRT and NeuroEyeCoach
for physicians and rehabilitation clinics, as well as VIDIT, a diagnostic program that enables therapists to perform high-resolution
visual field tests in less than ten minutes. 

NovaVision s VRT is the only medical
device aimed at the restoration of vision lost as a result of neurological damage which has FDA 510(k) clearance to be marketed
in the U.S; and NeuroEyeCoach is registered in the US as a Class I 510(k) exempt device. VRT, NEC and NeET have CE Marking for
the EU. NovaVision has 41 granted and 2 pending patents worldwide. 

Competition 

The VBAS device is both a brain access system
and a retractor and is therefore unique with no direct competitors. Competitive manufacturers of brain retractors include Cardinal
Health (V. Mueller line), Aesculap, Integra Life Science and Codman (Division of Johnson   Johnson). Nico Corporation has a
brain access device specifically designed to work with its Myriad resection and suction product. 

NovaVision provides restoration therapies (VRT
and NeET) and compensation or saccadic therapies (NeuroEyeCoach) for those suffering vision loss as a result of neurological trauma.
The other therapy type for this condition is substitution (optical aids such as prisms) and is not considered by NovaVision as
competition. 

In restoration, competition has been reduced
through NovaVision s acquisition of Sight Science and there are a few very small companies or entities offering some form
of vision rehabilitation product in Germany. Within compensation there are no real direct competitors. Other companies in the general
rehabilitation space include RevitalVision, PositScience and Dynavision. In the professional market, NovaVision competes with aggregator
products or those that provide a range of non-specific therapies, such a Rehacom, Sanet Vision Integrator and Bioness BITS. NovaVision s
products are dedicated to vision. 

The Market For the Company s Products
And Therapies 

VBAS is used for craniotomy procedures. Based
on statistics from the American Association of Neurological Surgeons (AANS), management estimates 700,000 such procedures are performed
in the US annually. Of this, management believe approximately 225,000 (32 percent) are addressable by the VBAS range currently,
with another 100,000 (total of 325,000 or 46 percent) addressable by an expanded future range. Management estimates, for the global
market, there exists a current addressable market of approximately 1,100,000 procedures with another 500,000 addressable by an
expanded VBAS range. 

The market for NovaVision s therapies
comprises those suffering from vision loss resulting from neurological trauma such as stroke or other brain injury. The U.S. Centers
for Disease Control (CDC) estimates there are approximately 8 million Americans who have previously had a stroke incident, with
795,000 additional strokes occurring annually; adjusting for repeat strokes and deaths, there are 481,000 new stroke survivors
each year. Additionally, approximately 5.3 million Americans live with the long-term effects of a TBI, with 275,000 hospitalizations
each year. The most recent scientific research estimates that approximately 28.5% experience some visual impediment and 20.5% of
these patients experience a permanent visual field deficit, reducing mobility and other activities of daily living. The target
market for VRT and NeET is this 20.5% subset of patients who have suffered a permanent visual field deficit; NeuroEyeCoach addresses
all 28.5% of patients who experience visual impediments. Management estimates that the addressable target market for its therapies
is approximately 2.9 million people in the US, approximately 2.8 million people in Europe and approximately 12.9 million people
throughout the rest of the world. 

Our Growth Strategy 

Vycor Medical  

Vycor Medical s growth strategy includes: 

1. Increasing U.S. market penetration through
broader hospital coverage and targeted direct physician marketing. Vycor Medical s sales and marketing strategy is to penetrate
a well-defined target market of 4,500 neurosurgeons. Vycor markets direct to surgeons as well as marketing and distributing through
independent distributors, with a focus both on adding new hospitals and expanding to additional surgeons in hospitals where VBAS
is already approved, and to expand usage to a broader range of procedures. In order to expand its direct marketing and deepening
its penetration, Vycor is exploring the creation of a Centers of Excellence medical education campaign and to that end has recently
finalized new surgeon education and training materials including detailed videos produced with surgeons at Weill Cornell. Vycor
is pursuing a policy of continually evaluating and upgrading its distributors as well as adding additional distributors in regions
where it has little to no presence. 

2. Provision of more Clinical and Scientific
Data supporting the products superiority over the current standard-of-care blade retractors and to demonstrate VBAS  potential
for cost savings. Clinical and scientific data (in the form of peer reviewed articles, clinical studies and other reports and case
studies) are critical in driving adoption, and in turn revenues, further and faster by demonstrating VBAS  superiority as
a minimally invasive access system which helps VBAS move further up the hospital cost/benefit curve. To date the Company has already
had 10 Peer Reviewed studies and 4 other clinical papers and anticipates further studies to be published. 

3. International Market Growth 

Vycor Medical utilizes select medical device
distributors with experience in neurosurgical devices in their countries or regions. VBAS has full regulatory approvals in Australia,
Brazil, Canada, China, Europe (EU   Class III), Korea, Japan and Taiwan and is seeking or has partial regulatory approvals
in India, Russia and Vietnam. Vycor Medical is actively pursuing new distribution agreements in the countries where it does not
have any in place. 

4. New Product Development 

New Product Development is targeted at both
driving the use of its existing VBAS product range through ancillary products and modalities that will facilitate the product s
use and through new product extensions to broaden VBAS applicability to procedures currently not addressed by the existing product
line. 

Vycor is modifying its existing VBAS product
suite to make it more easy to integrate with Image Guidance Systems (IGS) by re-engineering VBAS so that the entire range of 12
devices, excluding the VBASmini, will be able to more easily accommodate pointers from all the main IGS manufacturers. Increasingly,
all major neuro centers have image guidance systems, and where this is in place over 90% of surgeries are carried out using IGS
and management strongly believes that the existing VBAS rigid structure lends itself well to being incorporated into this increasing
trend. 

NovaVision  

While speech, physical, and occupational therapies
are the long-standing treatment standards for stroke and TBI survivors, VRT is the first and only FDA-cleared clinical component
of vision restoration to physically enhance the visual field after a stroke or brain injury. Increasingly the healthcare community,
partly driven by strong lobbying by stroke associations worldwide, are recognizing that vision is not only a significant issue
post stroke or brain injury, but that visual field loss can have a significant impact on the success of other rehabilitation modalities
and the quality of life. 

Our strategic vision for NovaVision has been
to develop and provide a clinically supported, affordable and scalable visual therapy solution offering that provides broad benefits
to those suffering visual impairment following neurological brain damage; and to offer solutions for both patients and physicians
alike. Following a prolonged development program, aimed at broadening patient benefits, significantly reducing cost and making
our therapies affordable and scalable, NovaVision was able to launch its Internet-delivered therapy suite in the US in June 2015
and in Europe in December 2015. 

NovaVision has four routes-to-market aimed
at patients and professionals, comprising: direct-to-patient; rehabilitation centers and clinics; stroke associations and support
groups; and physicians. Given the company s limited resources NovaVision is initially focusing on direct-to-patient, with
a website lead-driven inbound and outbound marketing strategy targeted at prospective patients and relatives. Website metrics  
particularly for the US and more recently Germany   are strong, showing good growth in traffic and rankings, and have been
effective in generating leads. Our analysis of the campaign metrics in the US (including Google Ads) over the last 6 months have
highlighted some key improvements that needed to be implemented which we are carrying out and which we believe could have a material
impact on our lead generation. 

Following the pilot launch of our NovaVision
Center Model, comprising a vision diagnostics program and the NeuroEyeCoach training program, we have substantially broadened the
delivery and licensing model in response to feedback from clinics. The new Center Model now has a complete suite for the professional
market, including options for software download, CD Rom, Cloud based and Hardware delivery with flexible and cost-effective pricing
options, and is now being offered in both the US and Europe. 

Manufacturing 

Vycor Medical uses a sub-contract manufacturer
to manufacture, package, label and sterilize its VBAS products. The Company is in the process of migrating all its VBAS manufacturing
to Life Science Outsourcing, Inc. in Brea, California that is FDA-registered and meets ISO standards and certifications. 

Intellectual Property 

Patents  

Vycor Medical maintains a portfolio of patent
protection on its methods and apparatus for its Brain and Spine products and technology in the form of issued patents and applications,
both domestically and internationally, with a total of 16 granted/allowed and 11 pending patents. 

NovaVision maintains a portfolio of patent
protection on its methods and apparatus in the form of issued patents and applications, both domestically and internationally,
with a total of 41 granted and 2 pending patents (including Sight Science). 

NovaVision s VRT is the only medical
device aimed at the restoration of vision lost as a result of neurological damage which has FDA 510(k) clearance to be marketed
in the U.S; and NeuroEyeCoach is registered in the US as a Class I 510(k) exempt device. 

Trademarks  

VYCOR MEDICAL  is a registered trademark
and  VIEWSITE  is a common law trademark. 

NovaVision maintains a portfolio of registered
trademarks for  NOVAVISION, NOVAVISION VRT ,  VRT VISION RESTORATION THERAPY  and NEUROEYECOACH, amongst others, along
with relevant logos, both in the US and internationally. 

Employees  

We currently have 12 employees. 

Comparison of the Three Months
Ended September 30, 2016 to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Revenue and Gross Margin: 

Vycor Medical recorded revenue of $279,815
from the sale of its products for the three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $96,926, or 53%, over the same period
in 2015. This reflected increased sales in the US and internationally. Gross margin of 88% was recorded for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to 91% for the same period in 2015. 

NovaVision recorded revenues of $45,962 for
the three months ended September 30, 2016, a decrease of $14,012 over the same period in 2015, and gross margin of 93%, compared
to 82% for the same period in 2015. Revenue for the therapies is recognised over a 7 month period, and on a cash revenue basis
the decline was $7,557, reflecting the growth in new patient starts during the period. The decrease was accounted for by Europe,
where the Internet-delivered model was launched 6 months later than the U.S. Since the launch in the U.S., NovaVision has achieved
a reduction in price to patients of 65%, from $2,500 for a six-month course of VRT alone to $900 for VRT and NeuroEyeCoach together.
Given the price reduction, the company anticipated an initial decrease in revenues as volumes ramp up due to the new affordable
and scalable therapy suite. New VRT/NeuroEyeCoach therapy suite patient starts in the U.S. for the three months ended September
30, 2016 increased by 9% over the same period in 2015, which was the first quarter of the Internet model. The Internet-delivered
therapy suite was launched in Europe in December 2015, where similar price reductions have been achieved. New VRT/NeuroEyeCoach
therapy suite patient starts in Europe for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased by 44% over the same period in 2015. 

Research and Development Expense: 

Research and development ( R D )
expenses were $4,153 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $29,346 for the same period in 2015. Capitalized
software development costs for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $0 and $6,357, respectively. 

General and Administrative Expenses: 

General and administrative expenses decreased
by $69,120 to $535,535 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $604,655 for the same period in 2015. Included within
General and Administrative Expenses are non-cash charges for share based compensation as the result of amortizing employee and
non-employee shares, warrants and options which have been issued by the Company over various periods. The charge for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 was $74,721, a decrease of $1,426 over $76,147 in 2015. Also included within General and Administrative
Expenses are Sales Commissions, which increased by $15,518 to $48,508. The remaining General and Administrative expenses decreased
by $83,212 from $495,518 to $412,306. 

An analysis of the change in cash and non-cash
G A is shown in the table below: 

Interest Expense: 

Interest comprises expense on the Company s
debt and insurance policy financing. Related Party Interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased by
$4,663   to $4,663 from $0   for 2015. Other Interest expense for 2016 increased by $414   to $12,348 from $11,934 
 for 2015. 

Comparison of the Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2016 to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Revenue and Gross Margin: 

Vycor Medical recorded revenue of $961,821
from the sale of its products for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $298,825, or 45%, over the same period
in 2015. This reflected increased sales in the US and internationally. Gross margin of 85% was recorded for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to 87% for the same period in 2015; the difference in margin is mainly attributed to costs related
to the migration to a new manufacturer and the manufacturing of the VBASMini. 

NovaVision recorded revenues of $143,448 for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, a decrease of $50,988 over the same period in 2015, and gross margin of 92%, compared
to 93% for the same period in 2015. The U.S. accounted for $9,861 of the decrease with the balance in Europe, where the Internet-delivered
model was launched 6 months later than the U.S. Since the launch in the U.S., NovaVision has achieved a reduction in price to patients
of 65%, from $2,500 for a six-month course of VRT alone to $900 for VRT and NeuroEyeCoach together. Given the price reduction,
the company anticipated an initial decrease in revenues as volumes ramp up due to the new affordable and scalable therapy suite.
New VRT/NeuroEyeCoach therapy suite patient starts in the US for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased by 41% over
the same period in 2015. The Internet-delivered therapy suite was launched in Europe in December 2015, where similar price reductions
have been achieved. New VRT/NeuroEyeCoach therapy suite patient starts in Europe for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased
by 33% over the same period in 2015. 

Research and Development Expense: 

Research and development ( R D )
expenses were $4,153 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $68,244 for the same period in 2015. Capitalized
software development costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $0 and $32,843, respectively. 

General
and Administrative Expenses : 

General and administrative expenses decreased
by $115,344 to $1,876,382 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $1,991,726 for the same period in 2015. Included within
General and Administrative Expenses are non-cash charges for share based compensation as the result of amortizing employee and
non-employee shares, warrants and options which have been issued by the Company over various periods. The charge for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 was $422,671, an increase of $208,064 over $214,607 in 2015. Also included within General and Administrative
Expenses are Sales Commissions, which increased by $24,406 to $142,615. The remaining General and Administrative expenses decreased
by $347,814 from $1,658,912 to $1,311,097. 

An analysis of the change in cash and non-cash
G A is shown in the table below: 

Interest Expense: 

Interest comprises expense on the Company s
debt and insurance policy financing. Interest expense for 2016 increased by $6,829   to $42,445 from $35,616   for 2015.
The increase includes interest on Related Party of $5,910. 

Interest comprises expense on the Company s
debt and insurance policy financing. Related Party Interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $5,910 
 to $5,910 from $0   for 2015. Other Interest expense for 2016 increased by $919   to $36,535 from $35,616   for
2015. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Liquidity 

The following table shows cash flow and liquidity
data for the periods ended September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Operating
Activities . Cash used in operating activities comprises net loss adjusted for non-cash items and
the effect of changes in working capital and other activities. The net repayment of normal insurance financing should also be taken
into account when considering cash used in operating activities.   

The
following table shows the principle components of cash used in operating activities during the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, with a commentary of changes during the periods and known or anticipated changes:  

The
adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash of $631,867 in the period have no impact on Liquidity. The net change in accounts receivable,
accounts payable and accrued liabilities reflect the normal course of business and change between periods mainly as a result of
larger than normal orders from customers or larger than normal expenditures. The net use of cash largely reflects the payment for
inventory and other manufacturing costs in the fourth quarter of 2015 and first quarter of 2016 as part of Vycor s ongoing
manufacturing migration. Vycor s normal inventory manufacturing purchasing cycle is to build up inventory in the fourth and
first quarters; during the nine-month period the sale of purchased inventory was a net source of cash, this will reverse in the
fourth quarter of 2016 and the first quarter of 2017 with inventory being purchased. Prepaid expenses and net insurance repayments
were a source of cash during the period; this follows the normal pattern of cash flow for Vycor s annual contractual obligations
such as insurance policies and licenses. The impact on cash flow during the 2015 period was impacted by the booking of molds and
other manufacturing costs related to the migration process to prepaids, before the molds were brought into service during the fourth
quarter of 2015. Accrued interest represents interest due on the Company s debt which, under its terms, is only paid out
at final maturity.  

Investing
Activities.  Cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was
$28,264, which reflected additional expenditure on molds for Vycor Medical and IT infrastructure. Vycor Medical is engaged in the
final stage of migrating and consolidating it s manufacturing and also making certain improvements to the molds for its VBAS
product. This will entail significantly increased expenditure during the fourth quarter of 2016 and the first half of 2017, which
will have an impact on liquidity and cash flow.   

Financing
Activities.  During the period Vycor s largest shareholder, Fountainhead, provided $248,000
of funding in the form of notes payable.   

Liquidity and Plan of Operations 

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 we have reduced our Cash used in operations, adjusted for net insurance repayments, to
$450,140 from $1,142,991 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Nonetheless, on this basis, average monthly operating cash
usage is approximately $50,000 and the balance of cash at September 30, 2016 represents a little over two months of operating cash
usage.  

Fountainhead
is currently providing working capital funding to the Company on an as-needed basis, although there is no formal commitment and
no guarantee that this will continue to be the case. We are considering seeking additional equity or debt funding to support the
continued operations of the Company.  

As
described earlier in this ITEM 2   Our Growth Strategy  , the Company is executing
on a plan to achieve a growth in revenues for both the Vycor Medical and NovaVision divisions, and thereby further reduce its cash
operating usage. For Vycor Medical this includes in particular: increasing penetration in the US market through targeted marketing
and a potential new medical education program; increased international market growth; and new product development centered around
the modification of its VBAS product range to make it more easy to integrate with IGS systems. For NovaVision, after a prolonged
and now complete period of re-development, the Company is focusing its resources on direct-to-patient marketing through a website
lead-driven inbound and outbound marketing strategy. In addition, the Company is now starting to market its NovaVision Center Model
to medical professionals, with a broad and flexible range of delivery and licensing options.  

Going Concern 

The Company s financial statements have
been presented on a basis that contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course
of business and assumes the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has incurred losses since its inception, including
a net loss of $1,164,822 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and the Company expects to continue to incur additional
losses in the future, including additional development costs, costs related to marketing and manufacturing expenses. The Company
has incurred negative cash flows from operations since inception. As of September 30, 2016 the Company had a stockholders 
equity of $399,144 and cash and cash equivalents of $114,176. The Company believes it would not have enough cash to meet its various
cash needs unless the Company is able to obtain additional cash from the issuance of debt or equity securities. Consequently, management
is pursuing various financing alternatives to fund the Company s operations so it can continue as a going concern in the
medium to longer term. There is no assurance that additional funds from the issuance of equity will be available for the Company
to finance its operations on acceptable terms or it all. If adequate funds are not available, the Company may have to delay development
or commercialization of products or technologies that the Company would otherwise seek to commercialize, or cease some or all of
its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification
of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates  

Uses of estimates in the preparation
of financial statements 

The preparation of consolidated financial statements
in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimated.
To the extent management s estimates prove to be incorrect, financial results for future periods may be adversely affected.
Significant estimates and assumptions contained in the accompanying consolidated financial statements include management s
estimate of the allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable, amortization of intangible assets, and the fair values of options
and warrant included in the determination of debt discounts and share based compensation. 

Research and Development 

The Company expenses all research and development
costs as incurred. 

Cash and cash equivalents 

The Company maintains cash balances at various
financial institutions. Accounts at each institution are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250,000. Cash
balances may at times exceed the FDIC insured limits. Cash also includes a US investment account in a money market backed by government
securities up to 105% of the account balance. The Company considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months
or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. Included within cash are deposits paid by patients, held by the Company until the
patient returns the VRT device or chinrest at the end of therapy. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 patient deposits
amounted to $34,778 and $31,377, respectively, and are included in Accrued Liabilities. 

Fixed assets 

The Company records fixed assets at cost and
calculates depreciation using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the assets, which is estimated to be between
three and seven years. Maintenance, repairs and minor renewals are charged to expense when incurred. Replacements and major renewals
are capitalized. 

Derivative
Liability    

The
Company accounted for the 34,723 Series A Warrants issued in connection with the 2014 Offering (all as defined in Note 8), the
holders of which had not waived their anti-dilution rights (as detailed further in Note 8) in accordance with the guidance contained
in ASC 815-40-15-7D, whereby under that provision, because they had anti-dilution rights, they did not meet the criteria for equity
treatment and must be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, the Company classified the warrant instrument as a liability at its
fair value and adjusted the instrument to fair value at each reporting period. This liability was subject to re-measurement at
each balance sheet date until exercised or until the anti-dilution provisions contained within the warrant agreements expired,
and was classified in the balance sheet as a current liability. Any change in fair value of the warrant liability was recognized
in the Company s statement of operations as other income (loss). The anti-dilution provisions expired on June 11, 2015 and
accordingly the liability has been extinguished.  

Income taxes   

We use the asset and liability method of accounting
for income taxes in accordance with ASC Topic 740,  Income Taxes.  Under this method, income tax expense is recognized
for the amount of: (i) taxes payable or refundable for the current year and (ii) deferred tax consequences of temporary differences
resulting from matters that have been recognized in an entity s financial statements or tax returns. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates
is recognized in the results of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is provided to
reduce the deferred tax assets reported if based on the weight of the available positive and negative evidence, it is more likely
than not some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 

ASC Topic 740.10.30 clarifies the accounting
for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold
and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken
in a tax return. ASC Topic 740.10.40 provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in
interim periods, disclosure, and transition. We have no material uncertain tax positions for any of the reporting periods presented. 

Patents and Other Intangible Assets 

The Company capitalizes legal and related costs
associated with the establishment and enhancement of patents for its products once patents have been applied for. Costs associated
with the development of the patented item or processes are charged to research and development costs as incurred. The capitalized
costs are amortized over the life of the patent. The Company reviews intangible assets on an annual in accordance with the authoritative
guidance. Trademarks have an indefinite life and are reviewed annually by management for impairment in accordance with the authoritative
guidance. 

Software Development Costs   

The authoritative accounting guidance   requires
software development costs to be capitalized upon completion of the preliminary project stage. Accordingly, direct internal and
external costs associated with the development of the features and functionality of the Company s software, incurred during
the application development stage, are capitalized and amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated life of five
years. 

Revenue Recognition 

Vycor Medical generates revenue from the sale
of its surgical access system to hospitals and other medical professionals. Vycor Medical records revenue when a completed contract
for the sale exists, the product is invoiced and shipped to the customer. Vycor Medical does not provide for product returns or
warranty costs. 

NovaVision generates revenues from various
programs, therapy services and other sources such as license sales. Therapy services revenues represent fees from NovaVision s
vision restoration therapy software, eye movement training software, diagnostic software, clinic set up and training fees, and
the professional and support services associated with the therapy. NovaVision provides vision restoration therapy directly to patients.
The typical vision restoration therapy consists of six modules, performed on average over 6 months. A patient contract comprises
set-up fees and monthly therapy fees. Set-up fees are recognized at the outset of the contract and therapy revenue is recognized
ratably over the therapy period. Patient therapy is restricted to being completed by a patient within a specified time frame. NovaVision s
saccadic training software is generally completed within 2-4 weeks and revenue is therefore recognized fully at commencement. 

Deferred revenue results from patients paying
for the therapy in advance of receiving the therapy. 

Accounts Receivable and Allowance for
Doubtful Accounts Receivable   

The Company s accounts receivable are
due from the hospitals and distributors in the case of Vycor Medical, and from patients directly for therapy or physicians for
diagnostic products in the case of NovaVision. Accounts receivable are due once products have been delivered or at the time the
therapy is initiated; however, some NovaVision therapy patients make monthly payments during the therapy program. The outstanding
balances are stated net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company determines its allowance by considering a number of
factors, including the length of time accounts receivable are past due, and the customer s ability to pay its obligations.
The Company writes off accounts receivable when they become uncollectible. 

Inventory   

Inventories are stated at the weighted average
cost method. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price, in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs to complete
and dispose of the product. If the Company identifies excess, obsolete or unsalable items, its inventories are written down to
their realizable value in the period in which the impairment is first identified. The provision for inventory for the years ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $7,631 and $12,632, respectively. Shipping and handling costs incurred for inventory purchases
and product shipments are recorded in cost of sales. 

Foreign Currency 

The Euro is the local currency of the country
in which NovaVision GmbH conducts its operations and is considered the functional currency of this entity; the GB Pound is the
local currency of the country in which Sight Science Limited conducts its operations and is considered the functional currency
of this entity. All balance sheet amounts are translated to U.S. dollars using the U.S. exchange rate at the balance sheet date
except for the equity section which is translated at historical rates. Operating statement amounts are translated using an average
exchange rate for the period of operations. Foreign currency translation effects are accumulated as part of the accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss) and included in shareholders  (deficit) in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

Educational marketing and advertising
expenses 

The Company may incur costs for the education
of customers on the uses and benefits of its products. The Company will include education, marketing and advertising expense as
a component of selling, general and administrative costs as such costs are incurred. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

(a)  
      Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

We are required to maintain disclosure controls
and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities
and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our chief executive officer (also our principal executive officer) and our chief financial officer (also our principal financial
and accounting officer) to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

The Company s management, including our
Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and our Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ), have evaluated the effectiveness
of our  disclosure controls and procedures  (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, our CEO and our
CFO have concluded that, as of the end of such period, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as
of that date to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files
or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules
and forms of the SEC and that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports its files or submits under the
Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its CEO and its CFO, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. There have not been any changes in the Company s internal control
over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter
to which this report relates that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. 

(b)  
      Changes in Internal Controls   

There have not been any changes in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal
period to which this report relates that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. 

The Company s management, including the
Company s CEO and CFO, does not expect that the Company s internal control over financial reporting will prevent all
errors and all fraud. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

PART II 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are subject from time to time to litigation,
claims and suits arising in the ordinary course of business. As of November 14, 2016, we were not a party to any material litigation,
claim or suit whose outcome could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

As a  smaller reporting company 
as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide information required by this Item. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable.  

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 

None  

Index to Exhibits 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on November
14, 2016. 

Vycor Medical, Inc.   

(Registrant)   

By:  
       /s/ Peter C. Zachariou    

Peter C. Zacharion    

Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer)   

Date  
      November 14, 2016   

By:  
       /s/ Adrian Liddell    

Adrian Liddell   

Chairman of the Board and Director   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

Date  
      November 14, 2016   

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1  

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO   

   SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

   (18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350)   

I,
Peter Zachariou, certify that:  

1.  
      I
    have reviewed this Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 of Vycor Medical, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

4.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
    procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
    in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
    the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
    evaluation; and   

d.  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
    or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      I
    have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
    and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

a.  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
    and    

b.  
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
    internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:
November 14, 2016  

/s/
    Peter Zachariou   

Peter
    C. Zachariou  

Principal
    Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2  

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO   

   SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

   (18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350)   

I,
Adrian Liddell, certify that:  

1.  
      I
    have reviewed this Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 of Vycor Medical, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

4.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
    procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
    in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
    the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
    evaluation; and   

d.  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
    or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      I
    have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
    and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

a.  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
    and    

b.  
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
    internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:
November 14, 2016  

/s/
    Adrian Liddell   

Adrian
    Liddell  

Principal
    Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1  

CERTIFICATIONS
PURSUANT TO   

   SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

   (18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350)   

Pursuant
to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States
Code), the undersigned officer of Vycor Medical, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), does hereby certify,
to such officer s knowledge, that:  

The
report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Form 10-Q ) of the Company fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the information contained in the Form 10-Q
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Date:
November 14, 2016  

/s/
    Peter Zachariou    

Peter
    Zachariou   

Principal
    Executive Officer   

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to VYCOR MEDICAL, INC. and will be retained
by VYCOR MEDICAL, INC. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT
TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

  (18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350)  

Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), the undersigned officer of Vycor
Medical, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that: 

The report on Form 10-Q for the period ended
September 30, 2016 (the  Form 10-Q ) of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Adrian Liddell    

Adrian Liddell   

Principal Accounting Officer   

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to VYCOR MEDICAL, INC. and will be retained by VYCOR MEDICAL, INC. and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 vyco-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 vyco-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 vyco-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 vyco-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 vyco-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 vyco-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

