<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161215_10-K_edgar_data_812128_0000812128-16-000024_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7689723</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>295121</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>1219809</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2348577</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2698742</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>982373</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>44</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000812128-16-000024.hdr.sgml : 20161215
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161215072223
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000812128-16-000024
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161215
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161215

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SANDERSON FARMS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000812128
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	POULTRY SLAUGHTERING AND PROCESSING [2015]
		IRS NUMBER:				640615843
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MS
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14977
		FILM NUMBER:		162052336

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		225 N 13TH AVE
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 988
		CITY:			LAUREL
		STATE:			MS
		ZIP:			39441
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6016494030

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		225 N 13TH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 988
		CITY:			LAUREL
		STATE:			MS
		ZIP:			39441

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000812128-16-000024.txt : 20161215

10-K
 1
 safm-20161031x10k.htm
 10-K

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  ___________________________ 
  FORM   10-K    
  ___________________________ 
  (Mark One) 

for the fiscal year ended   October 31, 2016    

for the transition period from                          to                        
  Commission file number: 1-14977 
  ___________________________ 
  SANDERSON FARMS, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
  ___________________________ 
                 Mississippi 
    64-0615843 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
    (IRS Employer 
  Identification No.) 

127 Flynt Road 
  Laurel, Mississippi 
    39443 
      (Address of principal executive offices) 
    (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (601) 649-4030 
  Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
                 Title of each Class: 
    Name of exchange on which registered: 
      Common stock, $1.00 par value per share 
    The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
  ___________________________ 
  Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.      x    Yes           No 
  Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.           Yes       x    No 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.      x    Yes           No 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K    x 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                           Large accelerated filer 
      
    x 
      
    Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
      
         (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
      
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).           Yes      x    No 
  Aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant computed by reference to the closing sales price of the common equity in The NASDAQ Stock Market on the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter:   $1,958,149,292  . 
  Number of shares outstanding of the Registrant s common stock as of   December 8, 2016  :   22,739,667   shares of common stock, $1.00 per share par value. 
  DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
  Portions of the Registrant s definitive proxy statement filed or to be filed in connection with its   2017   Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III. 

Table of Contents  

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
                    PART I  
      
    3 
      Item 1. 
     Business  
    3 
      Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    13 
      Item 1B. 
     Unresolved Staff Comments  
    20 
      Item 2. 
     Properties  
    20 
      Item 3. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    21 
      Item 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    22 
      Item 4A. 
     Executive Officers of the Registrant  
    22 
       PART II  
      
    23 
      Item 5. 
     Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
    23 
      Item 6. 
     Selected Financial Data  
    24 
      Item 7. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    24 
      Item 7A. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk  
    37 
      Item 8. 
     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  
    39 
      Item 9. 
     Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  
    57 
      Item 9A. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    57 
      Item 9B. 
     Other Information  
    58 
       PART III  
      
    59 
      Item 10. 
     Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  
    59 
      Item 11. 
     Executive Compensation  
    59 
      Item 12. 
     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  
    59 
      Item 13. 
     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence  
    60 
      Item 14. 
     Principal Accounting Fees and Services  
    60 
       PART IV  
      
    61 
      Item 15. 
     Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules  
    61 
       SIGNATURES  
    65 
       EXHIBITS  
    67 

2 

Table of Contents  

INTRODUCTORY NOTE 
  Definitions.   This Annual Report on Form 10-K (the "Annual Report") is filed by Sanderson Farms, Inc., a Mississippi corporation. Except where the context indicates otherwise, the terms  Registrant,   Company,   Sanderson Farms,   we,   us,  or  our  refer to Sanderson Farms, Inc. and its subsidiaries and predecessor organizations. The use of these terms to refer to Sanderson Farms, Inc. and its subsidiaries collectively does not suggest that Sanderson Farms and its subsidiaries have abandoned their separate identities or the legal protections given to them as separate legal entities.  Fiscal year  means the fiscal year ended   October 31, 2016  , which is the year for which this Annual Report is filed. 
  Presentation and Dates of Information.   Except for Item 4A herein, the Item numbers and letters appearing in this Annual Report correspond with those used in Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K (and, to the extent that it is incorporated into Form 10-K, those used in SEC Regulation S-K) as effective on the date hereof, which specifies the information required to be included in Annual Reports to the SEC. Item 4A ( Executive Officers of the Registrant ) has been included by the Registrant in accordance with General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K and Instruction 3 of Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K. The information contained in this Annual Report is, unless indicated to be given as of a specified date or for a specified period, given as of the date of this Annual Report, which is   December 15, 2016  . 
   
  PART I 
   
           Item 1. 
    Business 
     (a) GENERAL DEVELOPMENT OF THE REGISTRANT S BUSINESS 
  The Registrant was incorporated in Mississippi in 1955, and is a fully-integrated poultry processing company engaged in the production, processing, marketing and distribution of fresh and frozen chicken products. In addition, the Registrant is engaged in the processing, marketing and distribution of processed and minimally prepared chicken. 
  The Registrant sells ice pack, chill pack, bulk pack and frozen chicken, in whole, cut-up and boneless form, primarily under the Sanderson Farms  brand name to retailers, distributors, and casual dining operators principally in the southeastern, southwestern, northeastern and western United States, and to customers who resell frozen chicken into export markets. During its fiscal year ended   October 31, 2016  , the Registrant processed approximately   507 million   chickens, or approximately   3.8 billion   dressed pounds. According to   2016   industry statistics, the Registrant was the third largest processor of dressed chicken in the United States based on average weekly processed pounds. 
  The Registrant s fresh and frozen chicken operations presently encompass 9 hatcheries, 8 feed mills and 10 processing plants, and those figures do not include the facilities under construction at its new St. Pauls, North Carolina complex. The Registrant began operations at the new St. Pauls hatchery in November 2016, and expects to begin processing chickens at the new processing plant in January 2017. The Registrant has one prepared chicken plant.  
  The Registrant has contracts with operators of approximately   690   grow-out farms that provide it with sufficient housing capacity for its current operations. The Registrant also has contracts with operators of 208 breeder farms. 
  The Company s prepared chicken product line includes approximately   70   institutional and consumer packaged partially cooked or marinated chicken items that it sells nationally and regionally, primarily to distributors and food service establishments. A majority of the prepared chicken items are made to the specifications of food service users. 
  Since the Registrant completed the initial public offering of its common stock in May 1987, the Registrant has significantly expanded its operations by expanding existing facilities, adding second shifts and constructing new facilities to increase production capacity, product lines and marketing flexibility.  
  The Company changed its marketing strategy in 1997 to move away from growing small-sized birds serving primarily the fast food industry to concentrate its production in the medium-sized and larger-sized birds serving the retail grocery and food service industries, respectively. This shift resulted in larger average bird weights of the chickens processed by the Company, and substantially increased the number of pounds processed by the Company. In addition, the Company continually evaluates internal and external expansion opportunities to continue its growth in poultry and/or related food products. 
  In January 2011, the Company began initial operations at a new poultry processing complex in Kinston, North Carolina. The Kinston facilities comprise a poultry complex consisting of a hatchery, feed mill, processing plant, and wastewater facility with the capacity to process 1.25 million chickens per week. The facility reached full capacity during March 2012. 
  
   3 

     Table of Contents  

In February 2015, the Company began initial operations at a new poultry processing complex in Palestine, Texas. The complex consists of a hatchery, feed mill, processing plant and wastewater facility with the capacity to process 1.25 million chickens per week. The facility reached full capacity during October 2016.  
  In March 2015, the Company announced the selection of sites in and near St. Pauls, North Carolina, for the construction of its next poultry complex. The completed complex will consist of a hatchery, processing plant, wastewater treatment facility, and an expansion of the Company's existing feed mill in Kinston, North Carolina.  Construction began in July 2015, and initial operations of the new complex began during the first quarter of fiscal 2017. At full capacity, the new complex will process 1.25 million chickens per week. Before the complex can open, we will need to enter into contracts with a sufficient number of independent contract poultry producers to house the live inventory, complete construction, and hire and train our workforce. See  The construction and potential benefits of our new facilities are subject to risks and uncertainties  in the Risk Factors Section of this Annual Report. 
  Capital expenditures for fiscal   2016   were funded by cash on hand at November 1,   2015  , and cash provided by operations during fiscal   2016  . The Company is a party to a revolving credit facility dated   April 24, 2015   with a maximum available borrowing capacity of   $750.0 million  . The facility has an annual capital expenditure limitation of   $100.0 million   for fiscal years 2016 through 2020, and permits up to   $15.0 million   of the unused capital expenditure limitation from the prior fiscal year to be carried over to the next fiscal year. The capital expenditure limitation for fiscal 2016 is   $115.0 million  . The credit facility also permits the Company to spend up to   $160.0 million   in capital expenditures on the construction of the new poultry complex in St. Pauls, North Carolina, and up to   $175.0 million   in capital expenditures on the construction of a potential additional new poultry complex, which expenditures are in addition to the annual capital expenditure limits. In addition to the annual capital expenditure limits, the credit facility permits the Company to spend up to   $15.0 million   in capital expenditures on the acquisition of a new aircraft, which was spent during fiscal 2015 and the first quarter of fiscal 2016. Under the facility, the Company may not exceed a maximum debt to total capitalization ratio of   50%  . The Company has a one-time right, at any time during the term of the agreement, to increase the maximum debt to total capitalization ratio then in effect by five percentage points in connection with the construction of either the St. Pauls, North Carolina complex or a second potential new poultry complex for the four fiscal quarters beginning on the first day of the fiscal quarter during which the Company gives written notice of its intent to exercise this right. The Company has not exercised this right. The facility also sets a minimum net worth requirement that at   October 31, 2016  , was   $833.1 million  . The credit is unsecured and, unless extended, will expire on April 24, 2020. As of October 31 and   December 8, 2016  , the Company had no outstanding draws under the facility, and had approximately   $16.3 million   outstanding in letters of credit, leaving   $733.7   million available under the facility. For more information about the facility, see Item 1.01 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 29, 2015, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
  (b) FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT INDUSTRY SEGMENTS 
  Not applicable. 
  (c) NARRATIVE DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S BUSINESS 
  General 
  The Registrant is engaged in the production, processing, marketing and distribution of fresh and frozen chicken and the preparation, processing, marketing and distribution of processed and minimally prepared chicken items. The Registrant has one reporting segment, poultry products.  
  The Registrant sells chill pack, ice pack, bulk pack and frozen chicken, in whole, cut-up and boneless form, primarily under the Sanderson Farms  brand name to retailers, distributors and casual dining operators principally in the southeastern, southwestern, northeastern and western United States. During its fiscal year ended October 31,   2016  , the Registrant processed approximately   507 million   chickens, or approximately   3.8 billion   dressed pounds. In addition, the Registrant purchased and further processed   2.1 million   pounds of poultry products during fiscal   2016  . According to   2016   industry statistics, the Registrant was the third largest processor of dressed chicken in the United States based on average weekly processed pounds. 
  The Registrant conducts its chicken operations through Sanderson Farms, Inc. (Production Division) and Sanderson Farms, Inc. (Processing Division), both of which are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Sanderson Farms, Inc. The production subsidiary, Sanderson Farms, Inc. (Production Division), which has facilities in Laurel, Collins, Hazlehurst and McComb, Mississippi; Bryan, Waco, Palestine, Freestone County, and Robertson County, Texas; Adel, Georgia and Kinston, North Carolina, is engaged in the production of chickens to the broiler stage. Sanderson Farms, Inc. (Processing Division), which has  
  
   4 

     Table of Contents  

facilities in Laurel, Collins, Hazlehurst and McComb, Mississippi; Hammond, Louisiana; Bryan, Palestine, and Waco, Texas; Moultrie, Georgia and Kinston, North Carolina, is engaged in the processing, sale and distribution of chickens. 
  The Registrant conducts its prepared chicken business through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Sanderson Farms, Inc. (Foods Division), which has a facility in Flowood, Mississippi. This facility is engaged in the processing, marketing and distribution of approximately   70   processed and minimally prepared chicken items, which it sells nationally and regionally, principally to distributors and national food service accounts. The facility is managed by the same senior management team that manages our Processing Division.  
  Products 
  The Registrant has the ability to produce a wide range of processed chicken products and prepared chicken items. 
  Processed chicken is first salable as an ice packed, whole chicken. The Registrant adds value to its ice packed, whole chickens by removing the giblets, weighing, packaging and labeling the product to specific customer requirements and cutting and deboning the product based on customer specifications. The additional processing steps of giblet removal, close tolerance weighing and cutting increase the value of the product to the customer over whole, ice packed chickens by reducing customer handling and cutting labor and capital costs, reducing the shrinkage associated with cutting, and ensuring consistently sized portions. 
  The Registrant adds additional value to the processed chicken by deep chilling and packaging whole chickens in bags or combinations of fresh chicken parts, including boneless product, in various sized, individual trays under the Registrant s brand name, which then may be weighed and pre-priced, based on each customer s needs. This chill pack process increases the value of the product by extending shelf life, reducing customer weighing and packaging labor, and providing the customer with a wide variety of products with uniform, well designed packaging, all of which enhance the customer s ability to merchandise chicken products. 
  To satisfy some customers  merchandising needs, the Registrant freezes the chicken product, which adds value by meeting the customers  handling, storage, distribution and marketing needs and by permitting shipment of product overseas where transportation time may be as long as 60 days. 
  The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the contribution, as a percentage of net sales dollars, of each of the Registrant s major product lines. 

Markets and Pricing 
  The three largest customer markets in the fresh and frozen chicken industry are big bird, chill pack and small birds. 
  The following table sets forth, for each of the Company s poultry processing plants, the general customer market to which the plant is devoted, the weekly capacity of each plant at full capacity expressed in number of head processed, and the average industry size of birds processed in the relevant market. 
  
   5 

     Table of Contents  

Our big bird plants process a relatively large bird. The dark meat from these birds is sold primarily as frozen leg quarters in the export market or as fresh whole legs to further processors. While we have long-standing relationships with many of our export partners, virtually all of our export sales are at negotiated or spot commodity prices, which prices exhibit fluctuations typical of commodity markets. We have few long-term contracts for this product.  
  The white meat produced at these plants is generally sold as bulk-packed, fresh boneless breast meat, chicken tenders and whole or cut wings, and is sold primarily to restaurants, food service customers and further processors at negotiated spreads from quoted commodity market prices for wings, tenders and boneless breast meat. We have long-term contracts with many of our customers for white meat produced at our big bid plants, but prices for products sold pursuant to those contracts fluctuate based on quoted commodity market prices. The contracts do not require the customers to purchase, or the Company to sell, any specific quantity of product. 
  As of October 31,   2016  , the Company had the capacity to process 5.625 million head per week in its big bird plants, and its results are materially affected by fluctuations in the commodity market prices for leg quarters, boneless breast meat, chicken tenders and wings, as quoted by Urner Barry. 
  The Urner Barry spot market price for leg quarters, boneless breast meat, chicken tenders and whole wings for the past five calendar years is set forth below. Realized prices will not necessarily equal quoted market prices since most contracts offer negotiated discounts to quoted market prices, which discounts are negotiated on a customer by customer basis and are influenced by many factors. Selection of a particular market price benchmark is largely customer driven: 

6 

     Table of Contents  

7 

     Table of Contents  

Our chill pack plants process medium sized birds and cut and package the product in various sized individual trays to customers  specifications. The trays are weighed and pre-priced primarily for customers to resell through retail grocery outlets. While the Company sells some of its chill pack product under store brand names, most of its chill pack production is sold under the Company s Sanderson Farms  brand name. The Company has long-term contracts with most of its chill pack customers. These agreements typically provide for the pricing of product based on negotiated formulas that use an agreed upon, regularly quoted market price as the base, as well as various other guidelines for the relationship between the parties. The contracts do not require the customers to purchase, or the Company to sell, any specific quantity of product. All of our contracts with retail grocery store customers also provide for the sale of negotiated quantities of product at fixed and periodically negotiated prices, rather than the formula-driven prices discussed above. As of October 31,   2016  , the Company had the capacity to process 5.0 million head per week at its chill pack plants, and its results are materially affected by fluctuations in the Georgia Dock price, Urner Barry prices and other market benchmarks. 
  As with products produced at our big bird plants, selection of the appropriate market benchmark for pricing chill pack products is largely customer driven. We used the Georgia Dock price for whole birds as the base for formulas negotiated and used to price approximately 10.2% of our total poultry pounds sold during fiscal 2016. Approximately 3.3% of pounds sold during fiscal 2016 were sold to chill pack customers at prices based on formulas that used Urner Barry prices as the base. As discussed above, all of our contracts with chill pack customers provide for the sale of products at fixed and periodically negotiated prices for features and promotions. Fixed prices are negotiated on a customer by customer basis and are not tied to any particular index. During fiscal 2016, 6.5% of poultry pounds sold were sold to chill pack customers at flat or negotiated prices.  
  The Georgia Dock price for whole birds as published by the Georgia Department of Agriculture for the past five calendar years is set forth below. Realized prices will not necessarily equal quoted market prices since, as discussed above, chill pack products are sold based on negotiated formulas using various market indexes as a base, or at fixed and negotiated prices not tied to any particular index.  
  
  Plants dedicated to the small bird market process a relatively small chicken and market the finished product primarily to fast food and food service companies at negotiated flat prices, cost plus formulas or spot market prices. Based on benchmarking services used by the industry, this customer market has been the least profitable of the three primary customer markets over most of the last ten years. The Company has no product dedicated to the small bird market. 
  Almost all of our products sold by our prepared chicken plant are sold under long-term contracts at fixed prices related to the spot commodity price of chicken at the time the contract is negotiated, plus a premium for additional processing. 
  Sales and Marketing 
  The Registrant s chicken products are sold primarily to retailers (including national and regional supermarket chains and local supermarkets) and distributors located principally in the southeastern, southwestern, northeastern and western United States. The Registrant also sells its chicken products to casual dining operators and to United States based customers who resell  
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

the products outside of the continental United States. This wide range of customers, together with the Registrant s product mix, provides the Registrant with flexibility in responding to changing market conditions in its effort to maximize profits. This flexibility also assists the Registrant in its efforts to reduce its exposure to market volatility, although its ability to do so is limited. 
  Sales and distribution of the Registrant s chicken products are conducted primarily by sales personnel at the Registrant s general corporate offices in Laurel, Mississippi, by customer service representatives at each of its processing plants and one prepared chicken plant and through independent food brokers. Each plant has individual on-site distribution centers and uses the Registrant s truck fleet, as well as contract carriers, for distribution of its products. 
  Generally, the Registrant prices much of its chicken products based upon weekly and daily market prices reported by the Georgia Department of Agriculture and by private firms such as Urner Barry. Consistent with the industry, the Registrant s profitability is affected by such market prices, which may fluctuate substantially and exhibit cyclical and seasonal characteristics. The Registrant will adjust base prices depending upon value added, volume, product mix and other factors. While base prices may change weekly and daily, the Registrant s adjustments are generally negotiated from time to time with the Registrant s customers. The Registrant s sales are generally made on an as-ordered basis, and the Registrant maintains some long-term sales contracts with its customers. These agreements, which provide for the pricing of product based on formulas that use market prices reported by the Georgia Department of Agriculture and by private firms such as Urner Barry, as well as various other guidelines for the relationship between the parties, do not require the customers to purchase or the Company to sell any specific quantity of product.  
  From time to time, the Registrant may use television, radio and newspaper advertising, point of purchase material and other marketing techniques to develop consumer awareness of and brand recognition for its Sanderson Farms  products. The Registrant has achieved a high level of public awareness and acceptance of its products in its core markets. Brand awareness is an important element of the Registrant s marketing philosophy, and it intends to continue brand name merchandising of its products. During calendar 2004, the Company launched an advertising campaign designed to distinguish the Company s fresh chicken products from competitors  products. The campaign noted that the Company s product is a natural product free from salt, water and other additives that some competitors inject into their fresh chicken. The Company continues to use various media to communicate this message today. During fiscal 2016, the Company launched a multi-media advertising campaign designed to explain and support the Company's position regarding the judicious use of antibiotics to prevent and treat chickens that become ill. The Company regularly evaluates the success of this campaign and expects to continue to use the campaign, at least for the near term.  
  The Registrant s prepared chicken items are sold nationally, primarily to distributors and national food service accounts. Sales of such products are handled by sales personnel of the Registrant and by independent food brokers. Prepared chicken items are distributed from the Registrant s plant in Flowood, Mississippi, through arrangements with contract carriers. 
  Production and Facilities 
  General.   The Registrant is a vertically-integrated producer of fresh, frozen and minimally prepared chicken products, controlling the production of hatching eggs, hatching, feed manufacturing, growing, processing and packaging of its product lines. 
  Breeding and Hatching  . The Registrant maintains its own breeder flocks for the production of hatching eggs. The Registrant s breeder flocks are acquired as one-day old chicks (known as pullets and cockerels) from primary breeding companies that specialize in the production of genetically designed breeder stock. As of October 31,   2016  , the Registrant maintained contracts with 60 independent contract pullet producers for the grow-out of pullets (growing the pullet to the point at which it is capable of egg production, which takes approximately six months). Thereafter, the mature breeder flocks are transported by the Registrant s vehicles to breeder farms that are maintained, as of October 31,   2016  , by 148 independent contractors under the Registrant s supervision. Eggs produced on the farms of independent contract breeder producers are transported to the Registrant s hatcheries in the Registrant s vehicles. 
  The Registrant owns and operates nine hatcheries located in Mississippi, Texas, Georgia and North Carolina where eggs are incubated, vaccinated and hatched in a process requiring 21 days. The chicks are vaccinated against common poultry diseases and are transported by the Registrant s vehicles to independent contract grow-out farms. As of October 31,   2016  , the Registrant s hatcheries were capable of producing an aggregate of approximately 11.5 million chicks per week. 
  Grow-out.   The Registrant places its chicks on the farms of   690   independent contract broiler producers, as of October 31,   2016  , located in Mississippi, Texas, Georgia and North Carolina, where broilers are grown to an age of approximately seven to  
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

nine weeks. The farms provide the Registrant with sufficient housing capacity for its operations, and are typically family-owned farms operated under contract with the Registrant. The farm owners provide facilities, utilities and labor; the Registrant supplies the day-old chicks, feed and veterinary and technical services. The farm owner is compensated pursuant to an incentive formula designed to promote production cost efficiency. 
  Historically, the Registrant has been able to accommodate expansion in grow-out facilities through additional contract arrangements with independent contract producers. 
  Feed Mills.   An important factor in the grow-out of chickens is the rate at which chickens convert feed into body weight. The Registrant purchases primary feed ingredients on the open market. Ingredients include corn and soybean meal, which historically have been the largest cost components of the Registrant s total feed costs. The quality and composition of the feed are critical to the conversion rate, and accordingly, the Registrant formulates and produces its own feed. As of October 31,   2016  , the Registrant operated eight feed mills, four of which are located in Mississippi, two in Texas, one in Georgia and one in North Carolina. The Registrant s annual feed requirements for fiscal   2016   were approximately 4,226,000 tons, and it has the capacity to produce approximately 5,410,000 tons of finished feed annually under current configurations. 
  Feed grains are commodities subject to volatile price changes caused by weather, size of the harvest, transportation and storage costs, domestic and export demand and the agricultural and energy policies of the United States and foreign governments. On October 31,   2016  , the Registrant had the capacity to store approximately 3,697,000 bushels of corn at its feed mills, which was sufficient to store all of its weekly requirements for corn. Generally, the Registrant purchases its corn and other feed ingredients at current prices from suppliers and, to a limited extent, directly from farmers. Feed grains are available from an adequate number of sources. Although the Registrant has not experienced and does not anticipate problems in securing adequate supplies of feed grains, price fluctuations of feed grains have a direct and material effect upon the Registrant s profitability. Although the Registrant attempts to manage the risk of volatile price changes in grain markets by sometimes purchasing grain at current prices for future delivery, it cannot eliminate the potentially adverse effect of grain price increases. 
  Processing.   Once broilers reach processing weight, they are transported to the Registrant s processing plants. These plants use modern, highly automated equipment to process and package the chickens. The Registrant s McComb and Collins, Mississippi; Moultrie, Georgia; Kinston, North Carolina and Bryan, Waco and Palestine, Texas processing plants operate two processing lines on a double shift basis and each had the capacity to process approximately 1,250,000 chickens per week on October 31,   2016  . The Registrant s Laurel and Hazlehurst, Mississippi and Hammond, Louisiana processing plants operate on a double shift basis and collectively had the capacity to process approximately 1,875,000 chickens per week on October 31,   2016  . At October 31,   2016  , the Company s deboning facilities were operating on a double shift  basis and had the capacity to produce approximately 15.0 million pounds of big bird boneless breast product and 9.0 million pounds of chill pack boneless breast product each week. 
  Prepared Chicken.   The Company's prepared chicken plant is located in Flowood, Mississippi and has approximately 75,000 square feet of refrigerated manufacturing and storage space. The plant uses highly automated equipment to prepare, process and freeze prepared chicken items. 
  Executive Offices; Other Facilities.   The Registrant s laboratory and corporate offices are located on separate sites in Laurel, Mississippi. The office buildings house the Company s corporate offices, meeting facilities and computer equipment and constitutes the corporate headquarters. As of October 31,   2016  , the Registrant operated 12 automotive maintenance shops, which service approximately 1,200 over-the-road and farm vehicles used to support the Registrant's operations. In addition, the Registrant has one child care facility located near its Collins, Mississippi processing plant, serving on average approximately 135 children on October 31,   2016  . 
  Quality Control 
  The Registrant believes that quality control is important to its business and conducts quality control activities throughout all aspects of its operations. The Registrant believes these activities are beneficial to efficient production and in assuring its customers receive wholesome, high quality products. 
  From its company owned laboratory in Laurel, Mississippi, the Director of Technical Services supervises the operation of a modern, well-equipped laboratory which, among other things, monitors sanitation at the hatcheries, quality and purity of the Registrant s feed ingredients and feed, the health of the Registrant s breeder flocks and broilers, and conducts microbiological tests on live chickens, facilities and finished products. The Registrant conducts on-site quality control activities at each of the ten processing plants and the prepared chicken plant. 
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  

Regulation 
  The Registrant s facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various federal and state agencies, including, but not limited to, the Federal Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ), the United States Department of Agriculture ( USDA ), the Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA"), the Occupational Safety and Health Administration ( OSHA ) and corresponding state agencies. The Registrant s chicken processing plants are subject to continuous on-site inspection by the USDA. The Registrant's prepared chicken plant operates under the USDA s Total Quality Control Program, which is a strict self-inspection plan written in cooperation with and monitored by the USDA. The FDA inspects the production at the Registrant s feed mills. 
  Compliance with existing regulations has not had a material adverse effect upon the Registrant s earnings or competitive position in the past. Management believes that the Registrant is in substantial compliance with existing laws and regulations relating to the operation of its facilities and does not know of any major capital expenditures necessary to comply with such statutes and regulations. 
  The Registrant takes extensive precautions to ensure that its flocks are healthy and that its processing plants and other facilities operate in a healthy and environmentally sound manner. Events beyond the control of the Registrant, however, such as an outbreak of disease in its flocks or the adoption by governmental agencies of more stringent regulations, could materially and adversely affect its operations. 
  Competition 
  The Registrant is subject to significant competition from regional and national firms in all markets in which it competes. Some of the Registrant s competitors have greater financial and marketing resources than the Registrant. 
  The primary methods of competition are price, product quality, number of products offered, brand awareness and customer service. The Registrant has emphasized product quality and brand awareness through its advertising strategy. See  Business   Sales and Marketing.  Although poultry is relatively inexpensive in comparison with other meats, the Registrant competes indirectly with the producers of other meats and fish, since changes in the relative prices of these foods may alter consumer buying patterns. 
  Customers 
  One customer accounted for more than 10% of the Registrant s consolidated sales for the years ended October 31,   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  . Sales to that customer accounted for 17.5%, 16.2%, and 15.9% of the Company s consolidated net sales in fiscal   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. The Company does not believe the loss of this or any other single customer would have a material adverse effect on the Company because it could sell poultry earmarked for any single customer to alternative customers at market prices. 
  Sources of Supply 
  During fiscal   2016  , the Registrant purchased its pullets and cockerels from a single major breeder. The Registrant has found the genetic breeds or cross breeds supplied by this company produce chickens most suitable to the Registrant s purposes. The Registrant has no written contracts with this breeder for the supply of breeder stock. Other sources of breeder stock are available, and the Registrant continually evaluates these sources of supply. 
  Should breeder stock from its present supplier not be available for any reason, the Registrant believes that it could obtain adequate breeder stock from other suppliers. 
  Other major raw materials used by the Registrant include feed grains and other feed ingredients, cooking ingredients and packaging materials. The Registrant purchases these materials from a number of vendors and believes that its sources of supply are adequate for its present needs. The Registrant does not anticipate any difficulty in obtaining these materials in the future. 
  Seasonality 
  The demand for the Registrant s chicken products generally is greatest during the spring and summer months and lowest during the winter months. 
  Trademarks 
  
   11 

     Table of Contents  

The Registrant has registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office the trademark Sanderson Farms , which it uses in connection with the distribution of its prepared chicken and premium grade chill pack products. The Registrant considers the protection of this trademark to be important to its marketing efforts due to consumer awareness of and loyalty to the Sanderson Farms  label. The Registrant also has registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office seven other trademarks that are used in connection with the distribution of chicken and other products and for other competitive purposes. 
  The Registrant, over the years, has developed important non-public proprietary information regarding product related matters. While the Registrant has internal safeguards and procedures to protect the confidentiality of such information, it does not generally seek patent protection for its technology. 
  Employee and Labor Relations 
  As of October 31,   2016  , the Registrant had   13,232   employees, including 1,673 salaried and 11,559 hourly employees. A collective bargaining agreement with the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union covering 498 hourly employees who work at the Registrant s processing plant in Hammond, Louisiana expired on November 30, 2016. The Company and the  union continue to negotiate a new collective bargaining agreement, but no assurance can be given that a new agreement will be reached.  
  The production, maintenance and clean-up employees at the Company s Bryan, Texas poultry processing facility are represented by the United Food and Commercial Workers Union Local #408, AFL-CIO. A collective bargaining agreement covering 1,264 employees expires on December 31, 2017. The collective bargaining agreement has a grievance procedure and no strike-no lockout clause that should assist in maintaining stable labor relations at the Bryan, Texas processing facility. 
  (d) FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT GEOGRAPHIC AREAS 
  All of the Company s operations are domiciled in the United States. All of the Company s products sold in the Company s fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014   were produced in the United States and all long-lived assets of the Company are located in the United States. Gross domestic sales for fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014   totaled approximately $2,670.3 million, $2,662.5 million, and $2,556.7 million, respectively. 
  The Company sells certain of its products to foreign customers and customers who resell the product in foreign markets. These foreign markets for fiscal   2016   were primarily Mexico, Central Asia and the Middle East. For fiscal 2015 and 2014, these foreign markets were primarily Mexico, Russia, China, Eastern Europe, the Middle East and the Carribean. These gross export sales for fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014   totaled approximately   $213.5 million  ,   $207.8 million   and   $282.3 million  , respectively. The Company s export sales are facilitated through independent food brokers located in the United States and the Company s internal sales staff. For a discussion of risks related to our foreign markets, please see "A decrease in demand for our products in the export market could materially and adversely affect our results of operations" in the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report.  
  (e) AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
  Our address on the World Wide Web is http://www.sandersonfarms.com. The information on our web site is not a part of this document. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports and the Company s corporate code of conduct are available, free of charge, through our web site as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with the SEC. Information concerning corporate governance matters is also available on the website. 
  
   12 

Table of Contents  

Item 1A. 
    Risk Factors 
     In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the following factors, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in future periods. The risks described below are not the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in future periods. 
  Industry cyclicality can affect our earnings, especially due to fluctuations in commodity prices of feed ingredients and chicken. 
  Profitability in the poultry industry is materially affected by the commodity prices of feed ingredients, chicken, and, to a lesser extent, alternative proteins. These prices are determined by supply and demand factors, and supply and demand factors in respect of feed ingredients and chicken may not correlate. As a result, the poultry industry is subject to wide fluctuations that are called cycles. Typically we do well when chicken prices are high and feed prices are low. We are less profitable, and sometimes have losses, when chicken prices are low and feed prices are high. For example, grain prices during 2011 were high, while prices for chicken products did not increase proportionally, and the Company lost money. During 2012 and 2013, grain prices remained high, but market prices for chicken also increased, and the Company was profitable. During fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2015, grain prices declined while market prices for chicken increased, and the Company earned near record-high margins. It is very difficult to predict when these cycles will occur. All we can safely predict is that they do and will occur. 
  Various factors can affect the supply of corn and soybean meal, which are the primary ingredients of the feed we use. In particular, global weather patterns, including adverse weather conditions that may result from climate change, the global level of supply inventories and demand for feed ingredients, currency fluctuations and the agricultural and energy policies of the United States and foreign governments all affect the supply of feed ingredients. Weather patterns often change agricultural conditions in an unpredictable manner. A sudden and significant change in weather patterns could affect supplies of feed ingredients, as well as both the industry s and our ability to obtain feed ingredients, grow chickens or deliver products. For example, historic drought conditions in the Midwestern United States in 2012 had a significant adverse effect on the supply and price of feed grains in fiscal 2012 and the first three quarters of 2013. Additionally, an increase in ethanol producers' demand for corn has historically resulted in increases in the costs for corn and other grains.  
  Increases in the prices of feed ingredients will result in increases in raw material costs and operating costs. Because prices for our products are related to the commodity prices of chickens, which depend on the supply and demand dynamics of fresh chicken, we typically are not able to increase our product prices to offset these increased grain costs. Although we periodically enter into contracts to purchase feed ingredients at current prices for future delivery to manage our feed ingredient costs, this practice does not eliminate the risk of increased operating costs from commodity price increases. In addition, if we are unsuccessful in our grain buying strategy, we could actually pay a higher cost for feed ingredients than we would if we purchased at current prices for current delivery. 
  Prepared chicken and poultry inventories, and inventories of feed, eggs, medication, packaging supplies and live chickens, are stated on our balance sheet at the lower of cost (average method) or market value. Our cost of sales is calculated during a period by adding the value of our inventories at the beginning of the period to the cost of growing, processing and distributing products produced during the period and subtracting the value of our inventories at the end of the period. If the market prices of our inventories are below the accumulated cost of those inventories at the end of a period, we would record adjustments to write down the carrying value of the inventory from cost to market value. These write-downs would directly increase our cost of sales by the amount of the write-downs. This risk is greatest when the costs of feed ingredients are high and the market value for finished poultry products is declining. 
  For example, for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2011, we recorded a charge of $9.0 million to lower the value of live broiler inventories on hand at that date from cost to estimated market value because the estimated market price for the products to be produced from those live chickens, when sold, was estimated to be below the estimated cost to grow, process and distribute those chickens. The $9.0 million adjustment to inventory on October 31, 2011, effectively absorbed into fiscal 2011 a portion of the costs to grow, process and distribute chickens that we would have otherwise incurred in the first quarter of fiscal 2012, thereby benefiting fiscal 2012. Any similar adjustments that we make in the future could be material, and could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. The Company made no such adjustment during fiscal   2016  . 
  Outbreaks of avian disease, such as avian influenza, or the perception that outbreaks may occur, can significantly restrict our ability to conduct our operations and can significantly affect demand for our products. 

13 

     Table of Contents  

Events beyond our control, such as the outbreak of avian disease, even if it does not affect our flocks, could significantly restrict our ability to conduct our operations or our sales. An outbreak of disease could result in governmental restrictions on the import and export of fresh and frozen chicken, including our fresh and frozen chicken products, or other products to or from our suppliers, facilities or customers, or require us to destroy one or more of our flocks. This could result in the cancellation of orders by our customers and create adverse publicity that may have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation and prospects. In addition, world-wide fears about avian disease, such as avian influenza, have, in the past, depressed demand for fresh chicken, which adversely affected our sales. 
    
  In previous years there has been substantial publicity regarding a highly pathogenic Asian strain of avian influenza, or AI, known as H5N1, which has affected Asia since 2002 and which has been found in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. It is widely believed that this strain of AI is spread by migratory birds, such as ducks and geese. There have also been some cases where this strain of AI is believed to have passed from birds to humans as humans came into contact with live birds that were infected with the disease. During the first calendar quarter of 2013, there was also substantial publicity regarding a low pathogenic strain of avian influenza, known as H7N9, which affected eastern and northern China. It is widely believed that H7N9 circulates in wild birds and may have been transmitted to domestic poultry in live bird markets in and around Shanghai and Beijing. It is also believed that the virus has passed from live birds to humans as humans came into contact with live birds that were infected with the disease. Through May 2013, the virus was believed to have sickened at least 130 people and caused at least 33 deaths. There have been no reported incidents of the virus since May 2013. No human to human transmission of the disease has been proved, and there is no evidence to suggest that the consumption of properly prepared and cooked poultry could transmit the virus to humans. However, fear associated with this outbreak dampened demand for poultry, including our products, in the affected areas of China. A recurrence of this outbreak, or others similar to it, could have a material negative effect on world demand for poultry, including demand for our products.  
    
  Although the Asian strains of AI described above have not been identified in North America, there have been outbreaks of both low and high pathogenic strains of non-Asian avian influenza in North America, including in the U.S. in 2002, 2004, 2006 and 2015, and in Mexico in 2005, 2012 and 2013.  During calendar 2013, a relatively widespread outbreak of a highly pathogenic strain of non-Asian avian influenza, known as H7N3, affected live poultry in several states in central Mexico. The Company has no operations in Mexico, and our live chickens were not affected by this outbreak. In an effort to prevent the spread of the virus, the Mexican government and poultry industry reportedly culled approximately 27.5 million chickens in Mexico and undertook an extensive vaccination program in the affected areas of that country. These practices reduced the supply of available poultry in Mexico, and increased demand in Mexico for poultry produced in the United States, including our products. In August 2015, Mexican authorities confirmed the discovery of a low pathogenic strain of AI identified as H5N2 in Mexico's Sinaloa Province.  
    
  Until 2015, the outbreaks in North America have not generated the same level of concern, or received the same level of publicity, or been accompanied by the same reduction in demand for poultry products in certain countries, as that associated with the Asian strains.  Beginning in January 2015, however, the United States experienced what some industry observers believe was the worst avian influenza outbreak in United States history.  According to the United States Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS), approximately 7.8 million turkeys and 40.3 million chickens were affected in the United States by this avian influenza outbreak, and the last reported case was in June 2015.  The affected chickens were almost all hens that lay eggs for the table egg industry, and not broiler chickens such as those we raise.  We have a high degree of confidence in our industry s biosecurity program, but we cannot be certain our flocks or others in our industry will not be affected.  Given our high degree of confidence in our biosecurity programs, we believe the primary risks associated with domestic outbreaks of avian influenza are market risks, as many countries to which our industry sells product imposed partial or total bans on the import of broiler meat produced in the United States as a result of the outbreak.  The duration of such bans varies by country, and there is no certainty regarding when any particular country will lift a ban once imposed. All AI related bans that were imposed following the 2015 outbreak in the United States have been lifted, except China's. While these bans were in place, the market price for leg quarters fell significantly below historical averages.  During our fourth fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2015, quoted market prices for leg quarters were lower by 53.3% when compared to the fourth fiscal quarter of 2014. As of October 31, 2016, the quoted market prices for leg quarters have recovered approximately 22.2% of that decline. For more information on the impact of this outbreak on exports, please see the risk factor below entitled  A decrease in demand for our products in the export markets could materially and adversely affect our results of operations.  
    
  While domestic demand for broiler meat was not materially affected by the 2015 outbreak, we cannot assure you that further spread of avian influenza or the outbreak of the Asian strains of avian influenza either in other countries or in the United States will not materially adversely affect both domestic and international demand for poultry products produced in the United States.  Because the virus is carried by migratory water fowl, it is possible the virus could be spread to domestic poultry flocks during any seasonal migration of those water fowl. If avian influenza were to affect a significant number of our flocks, or  
  
   14 

     Table of Contents  

materially reduce domestic demand for our products, either or both of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation or prospects. 
  A decrease in demand for our products in the export markets could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 
    
  Nearly all of our customers are based in the United States, but some of our product is sold directly to foreign customers, and some of our United States based customers resell poultry products in the export markets. Our chicken products have been sold in Russia and other former Soviet countries, China and Mexico, among other countries. Approximately 7.4% of our gross sales in fiscal   2016   were to export markets, including approximately $154.9 million to Mexico and $26.9 million to countries in Central Asia. Any disruption to the export markets, such as trade embargoes, tariffs, import bans, duties, quotas, currency fluctuations or changes in governmental trade policies or agreements with countries to which we sell products can materially affect our sales or create an oversupply of chicken in the United States. This, in turn, can cause domestic poultry prices to decline. Any quotas or bans can materially and adversely affect our sales and our results of operations. 
    
  On February 5, 2010, China announced that it would impose anti-dumping duties on U.S. chicken products beginning on February 13, 2010. The duty applicable to Sanderson Farms products was 64.5%. On April 28, 2010, China imposed countervailing duties on United States chicken products, raising the duty applicable to Sanderson Farms  products by 6.1% to 70.6%. A challenge to China s anti-dumping determination was filed by the U.S. Government with the World Trade Organization (WTO), which ruled in favor of the U.S. on September 25, 2013. China did not appeal the WTO ruling. On July 8, 2014, China announced that it had re-investigated charges that United States chicken exporters dump product in the China domestic market, causing substantial harm to the local industry. Despite the WTO s findings, China announced that its re-investigation revealed that United States exporters continue to dump product into the local China market. While China announced lower anti-dumping tariffs on certain United States producers in its July 8, 2014 announcement, the tariffs actually increased on most United States producers, including Sanderson Farms. The United States government continues to believe that the WTO ruling was correct and that China s anti-dumping determination lacks merit. Accordingly, the United States government continues to challenge China s actions at the WTO.   On January 8, 2015, China announced a ban on the import of United States poultry meat following the discovery of avian influenza in a wild bird in the Pacific Northwest. Avian influenza was later detected in commercial poultry flocks in fifteen states. There has been no indication from China of how long the ban will last. During fiscal 2014, the Company sold approximately 74.9 million pounds of poultry meat, primarily chicken paws and wing tips, to customers who resold the product in China, reflecting approximately $62.1 million in total sales. Because there were no material domestic or export markets for these products other than China, the Company began rendering most of those products after imposition of the Chinese ban for significantly lower returns. As a result, during fiscal 2015 before the ban's effective date, the Company sold only approximately 22.8 million pounds of poultry meat, primarily chicken paws and wing tips, to customers who resold the product in China, reflecting approximately $20.0 million in total sales. During fiscal 2016, the Company did not sell any poultry meat to customers who resold the meat in China.    
    
  On August 6, 2012, Mexico imposed anti-dumping duties on chicken drumstick and thigh imports from the United States, establishing the duty applicable to Sanderson Farms  products at 25.7%. However, Mexico suspended the implementation of the duties amidst concerns that food inflation may occur as a result. While we do not know whether or when Mexico might impose the anti-dumping duties, their implementation could reduce our revenues and profits. On October 2, 2012, pursuant to the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), the U.S. poultry industry, including Sanderson Farms, Inc., filed a complaint challenging the anti-dumping determination issued by Mexico. The complaint is currently pending. 
    
  On August 8, 2014, Russia announced economic sanctions against countries that imposed economic sanctions on Russia in response to Russia s previous actions in Ukraine. The Russian sanctions include a ban on imports of chicken from the United States. During fiscal 2014, Sanderson Farms sold approximately 90.9 million pounds of chicken for approximately $36.0 million to customers who resold the product in Russia. Unlike previous Russian bans on United States poultry imports when Russia represented a much larger share of total industry exports, the current ban has had a relatively smaller impact. Russia represented only 7% of total United States exports of chicken during calendar 2013, which was the last full year during which exports to Russia were allowed.  
    
  In addition to the specific bans listed above, several countries imposed varying degrees of bans on United States poultry imports as a result of the avian influenza outbreak in the United States during 2015. The bans varied in degree in that some applied to all United States poultry imports, while others were specific to the areas of the country in which avian influenza was detected. The collective result of these bans was a decrease in demand for the Company's dark meat products, which are the Company's primary exports. The duration of such bans varied by country, and all the bans, except China's, have since been lifted. Due to the bans,   overall industry exports of chicken parts, excluding paws, were lower by approximately   13.4% in volume and 26.1% in value during calendar 2015 compared to the same period in 2014     for the reasons described above. During the first ten months of calendar 2016, overall industry exports of chicken parts, excluding paws, were higher by approximately    
  
   15 

     Table of Contents  

2.5  % in volume and lower by approximately 8.3% in value compared to the same period in 2015. For more information regarding the impact of the 2015 outbreak,     please see the risk factor above entitled "Outbreaks of avian disease, such as avian influenza, or the perception that outbreaks may occur, can significantly restrict our ability to conduct our operations and can significantly affect demand for our products.  " 
  The poultry industry is highly competitive. Some of our competitors have greater financial and marketing resources than we have. 
    
  In general, the competitive factors in the U.S. poultry industry include: 
             
    price; 
                
    product quality; 
                
    brand identification; 
                
    breadth of product line and 
                
    customer service. 
     Competitive factors vary by major markets. In the food service market, competition is based on consistent quality, product development, service and price. In the U.S. retail grocery market, we believe that competition is based on product quality, brand awareness, price and customer service. Our success depends in part on our ability to manage costs and be efficient in the highly competitive poultry industry. 
  The loss of our major customers could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
  Our sales to our top ten customers represented approximately 53.7% of our net sales during fiscal   2016  . Our non-chill pack customers, with all of whom we do not have long-term contracts, could significantly reduce or cease their purchases from us with little or no advance notice, which could materially and adversely affect our sales and results of operations. 
  We must identify changing consumer preferences and offer food products that consumers want. 
  Our success depends, in part, on our ability to offer products that appeal to our customers and to respond to evolving consumer preferences and trends. Consumer preferences and trends are influenced by, among other things, perceptions concerning the health implications, social implications, safety and quality of food products and ingredients. In some cases, consumer perceptions are influenced by negative publicity about food production, including stories that are inaccurate or misleading. The expanding role of social and digital media in publicity has increased the speed and extent to which information (whether or not accurate) and opinions about our products can be shared. If we do not identify and react timely to changes in consumer perceptions or trends, we may experience reduced demand and pricing for our products. Prolonged negative perceptions concerning our products, our brand or our company, or a loss of confidence by consumers in the safety and quality of our products, could materially and adversely affect our reputation, sales, financial condition and results of operations.  
  We have devoted significant resources to marketing and public relations programs that inform consumers about the safety and quality of our products and our production practices. However, we are subject to legal and regulatory restrictions on the marketing and labeling of our products, which may hamper our marketing efforts. We may also introduce new products and improved products from time to time to satisfy evolving consumer preferences, and may incur significant development and marketing costs in doing so. If our products fail to meet consumer preferences, then these products and our marketing strategy will be less successful. Additionally, because we produce only chicken products, we may be limited in our ability to respond to changes in consumer preferences towards other animal proteins or away from animal proteins entirely.  
  If our marketing and public relations efforts to inform consumers and respond to negative perceptions are not effective, or we are not successful in developing and marketing new products in response to changing trends, then our competitive position, reputation and market share may suffer. This, in turn, could lead to lower sales and profits, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.  
  Inclement weather, such as excessive heat or storms, could hurt our flocks, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
  
   16 

     Table of Contents  

Extreme weather in the Gulf South and Mid-Atlantic regions where we operate, such as extreme temperatures, hurricanes or other storms, could impair the health or growth of our flocks or interfere with our hatching, production or shipping operations. Some scientists believe that climate change could increase the frequency and severity of adverse weather events. Extreme weather, regardless of its cause, could affect our business due to power outages; fuel shortages; damage to infrastructure from powerful winds, rising water or extreme temperatures; disruption of shipping channels; less efficient or non-routine operating practices necessitated by adverse weather or increased costs of insurance coverage in the aftermath of such events, among other things. Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. We may not be able to recover through insurance all of the damages, losses or costs that may result from weather events, including those that may be caused by climate change. 
  We rely heavily on the services of key personnel. 
  We depend substantially on the leadership of a small number of executive officers and other key employees. We have employment agreements with only three of these persons (our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, our President and Chief Operating Officer, and our Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer), and those with whom we have no agreement would not be bound by non-competition agreements or non-solicitation agreements if they were to leave us. The loss of the services of these persons could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we may not be able to attract, retain and train the new management personnel we need for our new complexes, or do so at the pace necessary to sustain our significant company growth. 
  We depend on the availability of, and good relations with, our employees and contract growers. 
  We have approximately   13,232   employees, approximately   13.3%   of which are covered by collective bargaining agreements. In addition, we contract with approximately 898 independent contract poultry producers in Mississippi, Texas, North Carolina and Georgia for the grow-out of our breeder and broiler stock and the production of broiler eggs. Our operations depend on the availability of labor and contract growers and maintaining good relations with these persons and with labor unions. If we fail to maintain good relations with our employees or with the unions, we may experience labor strikes or work stoppages. If we do not attract and maintain contracts with our growers, including new growers for our new poultry complexes, our production operations could be negatively impacted and/or our growth could be restrained. 
  Failure of our information technology infrastructure or software could adversely affect our day-to-day operations and decision making processes and have an adverse effect on our performance. 
  We depend on accurate and timely information and numerical data from key software applications to aid our day-to-day business, financial reporting and decision-making and, in many cases, proprietary and custom-designed software is necessary to operate equipment in our feed mills, hatcheries and processing plants. We have put in place disaster recovery plans for our critical systems. However, any disruption caused by the failure of these systems, the underlying equipment, or communication networks could delay or otherwise adversely impact our day-to-day business and decision making, could make it impossible for us to operate critical equipment, and could have a materially adverse effect on our performance, if our disaster recovery plans do not mitigate the disruption. Disruptions could be caused by a variety of factors, such as catastrophic events or weather, power outages, viruses, unauthorized access or cyber-attacks on our systems by outside parties. In addition, a breach of our cyber-security measures could result in the loss, destruction or theft of our confidential data or other consequences that could expose us to material losses or liability to third parties. 
  Immigration legislation and enforcement may affect our ability to hire hourly workers. 
  Immigration reform continues to attract significant attention in the public arena and the United States Congress. If new immigration legislation is enacted at the federal level or in states in which we do business, such legislation may contain provisions that could make it more difficult or costly for us to hire United States citizens and/or legal immigrant workers. In such case, we may incur additional costs to run our business or may have to change the way we conduct our operations, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. Also, despite our past and continuing efforts to hire only United States citizens and/or persons legally authorized to work in the United States, increased enforcement efforts with respect to existing immigration laws by governmental authorities may disrupt a portion of our workforce or our operations at one or more of our facilities, thereby negatively affecting our business. Officials with the Bureau of Immigration and Customs Enforcement have informally indicated an intent to focus their enforcement efforts on red meat and poultry processors. 
  If our poultry products become contaminated, we may be subject to product liability claims and product recalls. 
  
   17 

     Table of Contents  

Poultry products may contain disease-producing organisms, or pathogens, such as Listeria monocytogenes, Salmonella and generic E. coli. These pathogens are generally found in the environment and, as a result, there is a risk that they could be present in our processed poultry products as a result of food processing. In addition, it is possible foreign material such as metal, plastic or other material used in our processing plants could contaminate product during processing. Pathogens or foreign material can also be introduced as a result of improper handling by our customers, consumers or third parties after we have shipped the products. We control these risks through careful processing and testing of our finished product, but we cannot entirely eliminate them. We have little, if any, control over proper handling once the product has been shipped. Nevertheless, contamination that results from improper handling by our customers, consumers or third parties, or tampering with our products by those persons, may be blamed on us. Any publicity regarding product contamination or resulting illness or death could adversely affect us even if we did not cause the contamination and could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation and future prospects. We could be required to recall our products if they are contaminated or damaged and product liability claims could be asserted against us. 
  We are exposed to risks relating to product liability, product recalls, property damage and injuries to persons, for which insurance coverage is expensive, limited and potentially inadequate. 
  Our business operations entail a number of risks, including risks relating to product liability claims, product recalls, property damage and injuries to persons. We currently maintain insurance with respect to certain of these risks, including product liability and recall insurance, property insurance, workers compensation insurance and general liability insurance, but in many cases such insurance is expensive and difficult to obtain. We cannot assure you that we can maintain on reasonable terms sufficient coverage to protect us against losses due to any of these events. 
  We would be adversely affected if we expand our business by acquiring other businesses or by building new processing plants, but fail to successfully integrate the acquired business or run a new plant efficiently. 
  We regularly evaluate expansion opportunities such as acquiring other businesses or building new processing plants. Significant expansion involves risks such as additional debt, integrating the acquired business or new plant into our operations, attracting and retaining growers, and identifying customers for the additional product we generate. In evaluating expansion opportunities, we carefully consider the effect that financing the opportunity will have on our financial condition. Successful expansion depends on our ability to integrate the acquired business or efficiently run the new plant. If we are unable to do this, expansion could adversely affect our operations, financial results and prospects. 
  Governmental regulation and litigation are constant factors affecting our business. 
  The poultry industry is subject to federal, state, local and foreign governmental regulation relating to the processing, packaging, storage, distribution, advertising, labeling, quality and safety of food products. Unknown matters, new laws and regulations, or stricter interpretations of existing laws or regulations may materially affect our business or operations in the future. Our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to administrative penalties and civil remedies, including fines, injunctions and recalls of our products. Our operations are also subject to extensive and increasingly stringent regulations administered by the Environmental Protection Agency, which pertain to the discharge of materials into the environment and the handling and disposition of wastes. Failure to comply with these regulations can have serious consequences, including civil and administrative penalties and negative publicity. 
  In addition to the risk of regulatory enforcement actions, we are subject to risk of private legal claims arising out of our our our employees' failure or alleged failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including claims such as those described in "Item 3. Legal Proceedings" of this report and the notes to our financial statements included in this report. Trends in litigation may include class actions by consumers, shareholders, employees or injured persons, and claims relating to commercial, labor, employment, antitrust, securities or environmental matters. Although we believe we have implemented strict compliance programs and policies, along with effective internal controls to guard against intentional and unintentional violations of law by our personnel, contractors and agents, we cannot assure you that such persons will not violate our policies or the law, or be alleged to have done so. Defending such litigation may be costly and any adverse outcomes of litigation against us could materially and adversely affect our reputation, results of operation and financial condition. 
  Our stock price may be volatile. 
  The market price of our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to factors such as the following, many of which are beyond our control: 
             
    market cyclicality and fluctuations in the price of feed grains and chicken products, as described above; 
     
   18 

     Table of Contents  

quarterly variations in our operating results, or results that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 
                
    changes in investor perceptions of the poultry industry in general, including our competitors; and 
                
    general economic and competitive conditions. 
     In addition, purchases or sales of large quantities of our stock, or significant short positions in our stock, could have an unusual or adverse effect on our market price. 
  Anti-takeover provisions in our charter and by-laws, as well as certain provisions of Mississippi law, may make it difficult for anyone to acquire us without approval of our board of directors. 
  Our articles of incorporation and by-laws contain provisions that may discourage attempts to acquire control of our company without the approval of our board of directors. These provisions, among others, include a classified board of directors, advance notification requirements for stockholders to nominate persons for election to the board and to make stockholder proposals, and special stockholder voting requirements. These measures, and any others we may adopt in the future, as well as applicable provisions of Mississippi law, may discourage offers to acquire us and may permit our board of directors to choose not to entertain offers to purchase us, even offers that are at a substantial premium to the market price of our stock. Our stockholders may therefore be deprived of opportunities to profit from a sale of control of our company, and as a result, may adversely affect the marketability and market price of our common stock. 
  Weak or unstable national or global economic conditions could negatively impact our business. 
  Our business may be adversely affected by weak or volatile national or global economic conditions, including inflation, unfavorable currency exchange rates and interest rates, the lack of availability of credit on reasonable terms, changes in consumer spending rates and habits, unemployment and underemployment, and a tight energy supply and high energy costs. Our business could be negatively affected if efforts and initiatives of the governments of the United States and other countries to manage and stimulate the economy fail or result in worsening economic conditions. Deteriorating economic conditions could negatively affect consumer demand for protein generally or our products specifically, consumers  ability to afford our products, or consumer habits with respect to how they spend their food dollars. 
  Disruptions in credit and other financial markets caused by deteriorating or weak national and international economic conditions could, among other things, make it more difficult for us, our customers or our growers or prospective growers to obtain financing and credit on reasonable terms, cause lenders to change their practice with respect to the industry generally or our company specifically in terms of granting credit extensions and terms, impair the financial condition of our customers, suppliers or growers making it difficult for them to meet their obligations and supply raw material, or impair the financial condition of our insurers, making it difficult or impossible for them to meet their obligations to us. 
  The construction and potential benefits of our new facilities are subject to risks and uncertainties. 
    
  For any new facility that we build, our ability to complete construction on a timely basis and within budget is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties described below. In addition, when a new facility becomes operational, it may not generate the benefits we expect if demand for the products to be produced by the facility is different from what we expect or we do not operate the facility efficiently.  
    
  In order to complete construction of a new facility, we need to take a significant number of steps and obtain a number of approvals and permits, none of which we can assure you will be obtained. For example, for each new fresh and frozen chicken complex, we need to: 

identify a site and purchase or lease such site; 
                
    obtain a number of licenses and permits; 
                
    enter into construction contracts; 
                
    identify and enter into contracts with a sufficient number of independent contract poultry producers; 
                
    complete construction on time; and 
     
   19 

     Table of Contents  

hire and train our workforce.  
     If we are unable to complete construction on schedule, attract independent contract poultry producers, find customers for the additional product generated by the new facility, run the facility efficiently, or otherwise achieve the expected benefits of our new facilities, our business could be negatively affected. 
  We are, and in the future may become, involved in legal proceedings related to an alleged antitrust violation and, as a result, may incur substantial costs in connection with those proceedings. 
  Between September 2, 2016 and October 13, 2016, we, along with our subsidiaries, were named as defendants, along with 13 other poultry producers and certain of their affiliated companies, in multiple putative class action lawsuits filed by direct and indirect purchasers of broiler chickens in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. The complaints allege that the defendants conspired to unlawfully fix, raise, maintain and stabilize the price of broiler chickens, thereby violating federal and certain states  antitrust laws, and also allege certain related state-law claims. The complaints also allege that the defendants fraudulently concealed the alleged anticompetitive conduct in furtherance of the conspiracy. The complaints seek damages, including treble damages for the antitrust claims, injunctive relief, costs and attorneys  fees. The court has consolidated each of the direct purchaser complaints into one case, and each of the indirect purchaser complaints into one case. On October 28, 2016, the plaintiffs filed consolidated, amended complaints in each case, and on November 23, 2016, the plaintiffs filed second amended complaints. 
  We, along with certain of our directors and officers, were also named as defendants in a putative class action lawsuit filed on October 28, 2016, in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The complaint alleges that the defendants made statements in SEC filings and press releases, and other public statements, that were materially false and misleading in light of our alleged, undisclosed violation of the federal antitrust laws. The complaint also alleges that the material misstatements were made in order to, among other things, artificially inflate and maintain the market price of our securities. The complaint alleges the defendants thereby violated the Exchange Act, including Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, and seeks damages, interest, costs and attorneys  fees. 
  An adverse resolution of any proceedings related to the matters described above could subject us to significant monetary damages and other penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. 
  For additional information regarding the nature and status of these and other material legal proceedings, see  Item 3. Legal Proceedings  and the notes to our financial statements included in this report. 
   
           Item 1B. 
    Unresolved Staff Comments 
     Not applicable. 
   
           Item 2. 
    Properties 
     The Registrant s principal properties are as follows: 
  
   20 

     Table of Contents  

Use 
    Location (City, State) 
      Poultry processing plant, hatchery and feedmill 
    Laurel, Mississippi 
      Poultry processing plant, hatchery and feedmill 
    McComb, Mississippi 
      Poultry processing plant, hatchery and feedmill 
    Hazlehurst and Gallman, Mississippi 
      Poultry processing plant, hatchery and feedmill 
    Bryan and Robertson Counties, Texas 
      Poultry processing plant, hatchery and feedmill 
    Moultrie and Adel, Georgia 
      Poultry processing plant, hatchery and feedmill 
    Kinston and Lenoir County, North Carolina 
      Poultry processing plant, hatchery and feedmill 
    Palestine and Freestone County, Texas 
      Poultry processing plant and hatchery 
    Waco, Texas 
      Poultry processing plant and hatchery (Construction in progress) 
    Lumberton and St. Pauls, North Carolina 
      Poultry processing plant 
    Hammond, Louisiana 
      Poultry processing plant, hatchery, child care facility and feedmill 
    Collins, Mississippi 
      Prepared chicken plant 
    Flowood, Mississippi 
      Corporate general offices and technical laboratory 
    Laurel, Mississippi 

The Registrant owns substantially all of its major operating facilities with the following exceptions: one processing plant and feed mill complex is leased on an annual renewal basis through 2063 with an option to purchase at a nominal amount at the end of the lease term; one processing plant complex is leased under four leases, which are renewable annually through 2061, 2063, 2075 and 2073, respectively; and certain infrastructure improvements associated with a processing plant are leased under a lease that expired in 2013, which is now renewable annually through 2091 and has been renewed for 2017. All of the foregoing leases are capital leases. 
  There are no material encumbrances on the major operating facilities owned by the Registrant, except that, under the terms of the Company s revolving credit agreement, the Registrant may not pledge any additional assets as collateral other than fixed assets not to exceed $5.0 million at any one time. 
  Management believes that the Company s facilities are suitable for its current purposes, and believes that current renovations and expansions will enhance present operations and allow for future internal growth. 
   
           Item 3. 
    Legal Proceedings 
     Between September 2, 2016 and October 13, 2016, Sanderson Farms, Inc. and our subsidiaries were named as defendants, along with 13 other poultry producers and certain of their affiliated companies, in multiple putative class action lawsuits filed by direct and indirect purchasers of broiler chickens in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. The complaints allege that the defendants conspired to unlawfully fix, raise, maintain and stabilize the price of broiler chickens, thereby violating federal and certain states' antitrust laws, and also allege certain related state-law claims. The complaints also allege that the defendants fraudulently concealed the alleged anticompetitive conduct in furtherance of the conspiracy. The complaints seek damages, including treble damages for the antitrust claims, injunctive relief, costs and attorneys  fees. The court has consolidated each of the direct purchaser complaints into one case, and each of the indirect purchaser complaints into one case. On October 28, 2016, the plaintiffs filed consolidated, amended complaints in each case, and on November 23, 2016, the plaintiffs filed second amended complaints. The lawsuits are in the earliest stages and we intend to defend them vigorously; however, the Company cannot predict the outcome of these actions. If the plaintiffs were to prevail, the Company could be liable for damages, which could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.  
  Sanderson Farms, Inc.; Joe F. Sanderson, Jr., the Chairman of the Registrant s Board of Directors and its Chief Executive Officer; and D. Michael Cockrell, director and Chief Financial Officer, were named as defendants in a putative class action lawsuit filed on October 28, 2016, in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The complaint alleges that the defendants made statements in the Registrant s SEC filings and press releases, and other public statements, that were materially false and misleading in light of the Registrant s alleged, undisclosed violation of the federal antitrust laws described above. The complaint also alleges that the material misstatements were made in order to, among other things,  artificially inflate and maintain the market price of Sanderson Farms securities.  The complaint alleges the defendants thereby violated the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), including Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, and seeks damages, interest, costs and attorneys  fees. The lawsuit is in its earliest  
  
   21 

     Table of Contents  

stage and the defendants intend to defend it vigorously; however, the Company cannot predict the outcome of these actions. If the plaintiffs were to prevail, the Company could be liable for damages, which could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. 
  The Company is involved in various other claims and litigation incidental to its business. Although the outcome of these matters cannot be determined with certainty, management, upon the advice of counsel, is of the opinion that the final outcome of any currently pending claim, other than those discussed above, should not have a material effect on the Company s consolidated results of operations or financial position. 
  The Company recognizes the costs of legal defense for the legal proceedings to which it is a party in the periods incurred. After a considerable analysis of each case, the Company determines the amount of reserves required, if any. At this time, the Company has not accrued any reserve for any of these matters. Future reserves may be required if losses are deemed reasonably estimable and probable due to changes in the Company s assumptions, the effectiveness of legal strategies, or other factors beyond the Company s control. Future results of operations may be materially affected by the creation of reserves or by accruals of losses to reflect any adverse determinations in these legal proceedings. 
   
           Item 4. 
    Mine Safety Disclosures 
     Not Applicable 
   
  Item 4A. Executive Officers of the Registrant 

_________________ 
             (3) 
    Mike Cockrell became Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant effective November 1, 1993, and was elected to the Board of Directors on February 19, 1998. Prior to that time, for more than five years, Mr. Cockrell was a member and shareholder of the Jackson, Mississippi law firm of Wise Carter Child   Caraway, Professional Association. 
              (4) 
    Tim Rigney became Secretary of the Registrant effective November 1, 2012. Mr. Rigney also began service as Chief Accounting Officer on that date. Prior to that time, Mr. Rigney served the Registrant in various capacities since 1990. 
     The Company entered into employment agreements with Messrs. Sanderson, Butts and Cockrell dated as of September 15, 2009. Each of these agreements was amended and restated on November 1, 2015. The term of the agreements ends when the officers' employment terminates under the provisions of the agreement. The agreements provide for severance payments to be paid to the officers if their employment is terminated in certain circumstances, as well as provisions prohibiting them from engaging in certain competitive activity with the Company during their employment and for the two years after their employment with the Company terminates for any reason other than poor performance. 
  
   22 

Table of Contents  

PART II 
   
           Item 5. 
    Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
     The Company s common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC under the symbol SAFM. 
  The number of stockholders of record as of December 8, 2016, was 3,487.     The number of beneficial owners of our stock is greater than the number of holders of record, and the exact number is unknown.    
  The following table shows quarterly cash dividends and quarterly high and low closing sales prices for the common stock for the past two fiscal years. NASDAQ quotations are based on actual sales prices. 

The amount of future common stock dividends will depend on our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, the effect a dividend would have on the Company's compliance with financial covenants and other factors, which will be considered by the Board of Directors on a quarterly basis.  
  On December 8, 2016, the closing sales price for the common stock was $85.38 per share. 
  During its   fourth   fiscal quarter, the Company repurchased shares of its common stock as follows: 

1 
    All purchases were made pursuant to the Company s Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated on February 11, 2016, under which shares were withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations. 
              2 
    On April 23, 2015, the Company s Board of Directors expanded and extended the share repurchase program originally approved on October 22, 2009, under which the Company may purchase up to one million shares of its common stock in open market transactions or negotiated purchases, subject to market conditions, share price and other considerations. The authorization will expire on April 23, 2018. The Company s repurchase of vested restricted stock to satisfy tax withholding obligations of its Stock Incentive Plan participants will not be made under the 2015 general repurchase plan. 
              3 
    Does not include vested restricted shares that may yet be repurchased under the Stock Incentive Plan as described in Note 1. In March 2015, the Company repurchased 700,003 shares of its common stock in open market transactions, and on April 23, 2015, the Company's Board of Directors expanded the share repurchase program by 700,003 shares to authorize the repurchase of up to 1,000,000 additional shares. 
     
   23 

Table of Contents  

Item 6.    Selected Financial Data 

Various factors affecting the comparability of the information included in the table above are discussed in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
   
           Item 7. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
      
   CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE PERFORMANCE 
  This Annual Report, and other periodic reports filed by the Company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and other written or oral statements made by it or on its behalf, may include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the "Safe Harbor" provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. These forward-looking statements are based on a number of assumptions about future events and are subject to various risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from the views, beliefs and estimates expressed in such statements. These risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to, the risks described in the "Risk Factors" section of this 10-K, and to the following: 
  (1)  Changes in the market price for the Company s finished products and feed grains, both of which may fluctuate substantially and exhibit cyclical characteristics typically associated with commodity markets. 
  (2)  Changes in economic and business conditions, monetary and fiscal policies or the amount of growth, stagnation or recession in the global or U.S. economies, any of which may affect the value of inventories, the collectability of accounts receivable or the financial integrity of customers, and the ability of the end user or consumer to afford protein. 
  (3)  Changes in the political or economic climate, trade policies, laws and regulations or the domestic poultry industry of countries to which the Company or other companies in the poultry industry ship product, and other changes that might limit the Company s or the industry s access to foreign markets. 
  (4)  Changes in laws, regulations, and other activities in government agencies and similar organizations applicable to the Company and the poultry industry and changes in laws, regulations and other activities in government agencies and similar organizations related to food safety. 
  (5)  Various inventory risks due to changes in market conditions, including, but not limited to, the risk that market values of live and processed poultry inventories might be lower than the cost of such inventories, requiring a downward adjustment to record the value of such inventories at the lower of cost or market as required by generally accepted accounting principles. 
  (6)  Changes in and effects of competition, which is significant in all markets in which the Company competes, and the effectiveness of marketing and advertising programs. The Company competes with regional and national firms, some of which have greater financial and marketing resources than the Company. 
  (7)  Changes in accounting policies and practices adopted voluntarily by the Company or required to be adopted by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 
  
   24 

     Table of Contents  

(8)  Disease outbreaks affecting the production, performance and/or marketability of the Company s poultry products, or the contamination of its products. 
  (9)  Changes in the availability and cost of labor and growers. 
  (10)  The loss of any of the Company s major customers. 
  (11)  Inclement weather that could hurt Company flocks or otherwise adversely affect its operations, or changes in global weather patterns that could impact the supply and price of feed grains. 
  (12)  Failure to respond to changing consumer preferences. 
  (13)  Failure to successfully and efficiently start up and run a new plant or integrate any business the Company might acquire. 
  Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of Sanderson Farms. Each such statement speaks only as of the day it was made. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or to revise any forward-looking statements. The factors described above cannot be controlled by the Company. When used in this annual report, the words  believes,"  estimates,   plans,   expects,   should,   outlook,  and  anticipates  and similar expressions as they relate to the Company or its management are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include statements about management's beliefs about future earnings, production levels, capital expenditures, grain prices, global economic conditions, supply and demand factors and other industry conditions. 
   
  GENERAL 
  The Company s poultry operations are integrated through its control of all functions relative to the production of its chicken products, including hatching egg production, hatching, feed manufacturing, raising chickens to marketable age ( grow-out ), processing and marketing. Consistent with the poultry industry, the Company s profitability is substantially affected by the market price for its finished products and feed grains, both of which may fluctuate substantially and exhibit cyclical characteristics typically associated with commodity markets. Other costs, excluding feed grains, related to the profitability of the Company s poultry operations, including hatching egg production, hatching, growing, and processing cost, are responsive to efficient cost containment programs and management practices. Over the past three fiscal years, these other normal production costs have averaged approximately 54.4% of the Company s total normal production costs. 
  The Company believes that value-added products are subject to less price volatility and generate higher, more consistent profit margin than whole chickens ice packed and shipped in bulk form. To reduce its exposure to market cycles that have historically characterized commodity chicken market prices, the Company has increasingly concentrated on the production and marketing of value-added product lines with emphasis on product quality, customer service, and brand recognition. However, the Company cannot eliminate its exposure to fluctuations in commodity market prices for chicken since market prices for value added products also exhibit cycles. The Company adds value to its poultry products by performing one or more processing steps beyond the stage where the whole chicken is first salable as a finished product, such as cutting, deboning, deep chilling, packaging and labeling the product. 
  The Company s prepared chicken product line includes approximately 70 institutional and consumer packaged chicken items that it sells nationally, primarily to distributors and food service establishments. A majority of the prepared chicken items are made to the specifications of food service users. 
  Recent Developments 
  In February 2015, the Company began initial operations at a new poultry processing complex in Palestine, Texas. The complex consists of a hatchery, feed mill, processing plant and wastewater facility with the capacity to process 1.25 million chickens per week, and the facility is currently operating at full capacity. During fiscal 2016, the Palestine processing plant processed approximately 351.7 million pounds of dressed poultry meat, as compared to 116.1 million pounds during fiscal 2015. See "The construction and potential benefits of our new facilities are subject to risks and uncertainties" in the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report. 
  In March 2015, the Company announced the selection of sites in and near St. Pauls, North Carolina, for the construction of its next poultry complex. The completed complex will consist of a hatchery, processing plant, wastewater treatment facility, and an expansion of the Company's existing feed mill in Kinston, North Carolina.  Construction began in July 2015, and initial operations of the new complex are expected to begin during the first quarter of fiscal 2017. At full capacity, the new complex will process 1.25 million chickens per week. Before the complex can open, we will need to enter into contracts with a sufficient  
  
   25 

     Table of Contents  

number of independent contract poultry producers to house the live inventory, complete construction, and hire and train our workforce. See  The construction and potential benefits of our new facilities are subject to risks and uncertainties  in the Risk Factors Section of this Annual Report. 
  EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW OF RESULTS     2016    
  The Company s margins were lower during fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015, reflecting significantly lower average sales prices for most products produced at our plants that process a larger sized bird, partially offset by lower grain prices and continued strong demand and market prices for fresh chicken sold at retail grocery stores. The supply of and demand for fresh chicken sold to retail grocery store customers remain balanced, although the average price for that product was slightly lower during fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015. In contrast, food service demand declined during fiscal 2016 when compared to fiscal 2015, and it could not keep pace with increased industry production and increases in domestic supplies caused by weak export demand. Export demand remains under pressure as a result of several factors including political conditions, China's avian influenza related ban, economic stress caused by low oil prices in some countries and the strength of the United States dollar. We expect these factors to weigh on the export market for the foreseeable future. The result of these factors is weak pricing for most products produced at our plants that process a larger sized bird, with Urner Barry average market prices for bulk leg quarters 6.2% lower during fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015, and Urner Barry average market prices for boneless breast meat approximately 12.5% lower for the same period.  
  Grain costs were lower during fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015, which resulted in an   8.7%   decrease in the average feed cost in broiler flocks processed during fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015. The Company has priced only a portion of its grain needs past December 2016. Had it priced its remaining fiscal 2017 needs at December 12, 2016 cash market prices, its costs of feed grains would be approximately $35.6 million higher during fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015.  
  On January 8, 2015, China announced a ban on the import of United States poultry meat following the discovery of avian influenza ("AI") in a wild bird in the Pacific Northwest. AI was later detected in several types of poultry flocks from the West Coast to the upper Midwest, and as far south as Arkansas. There has been no indication from China of how long the ban will last. Although AI was not detected in broiler chickens of the type raised and marketed by the Company, additional countries imposed bans on United States broiler meat imports, which negatively affected dark meat pricing. During fiscal 2014, the Company sold approximately 74.9 million pounds of poultry meat, primarily chicken paws and wing tips, to customers who resold the product in China, reflecting approximately $62.1 million in total sales. Because there are no material domestic or export markets for these products other than China, the Company is currently rendering those products for significantly lower returns. As a result, during fiscal 2015 the Company sold only approximately 22.8 million pounds of poultry meat, primarily chicken paws and wing tips, to customers who resold the product in China, reflecting approximately $20.0 million in total sales. The fiscal 2015 sales were made prior to the ban's effective date. Export demand remains under pressure, and overall industry exports of chicken parts, excluding paws, were higher by approximately   2.5% in volume and lower by approximately 8.3% in value through the first ten months of calendar 2016 compared to the same period in 2015  . That increase is the result of the removal of all avian influenza related bans, except China's. However, export demand continues to be negatively affected by the other factors described above, and market prices for dark meat produced at our     plants that process a larger sized bird     will remain under pressure for as long as those factors remain.    
  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS     2016    
  Net sales for fiscal   2016   were   $2,816.1 million   as compared to   $2,803.5 million   for fiscal   2015  ,   an increase   of   $12.6 million   or   0.4%  . Net sales of poultry products for fiscal   2016   and fiscal   2015   were   $2,631.0 million   and   $2,616.6 million  , respectively,   an increase   of   $14.3 million   or   0.5%  . The   increase   in net sales of poultry products resulted from a   9.2%     increase   in the pounds of poultry products sold, partially offset by a   7.9%     decrease   in the average sales price of poultry products sold. During fiscal   2016  , the Company sold   3,730.8 million   pounds of poultry products,   up   from   3,417.7 million   pounds during fiscal   2015  . The additional pounds of poultry products sold resulted from a   2.3%   increase in average bird weights and a   6.5%     increase   in the number of chickens sold. During fiscal 2016, the new Palestine processing facility, which began initial operations in February 2015, processed 41.4 million head, or 8.2% of the Company's total head processed during the period, and sold 354.3 million pounds of poultry products, or 9.5% of the Company's total poultry pounds sold during the period. By comparison, the Palestine facility processed 14.4 million head during fiscal 2015, or 3.0% of the Company's total head processed during the period, and sold 124.3 million pounds of poultry products during fiscal 2015, or 3.6% of the Company's total poultry pounds sold during the period. Overall, market prices for poultry products decreased during fiscal   2016   as compared to fiscal   2015  . Urner Barry average market prices for boneless breast and bulk leg quarters decreased during fiscal   2016   compared to fiscal   2015   by 12.5% and 6.2%, respectively, while average market prices for tenders and jumbo wings increased by 4.4% and 3.9%, respectively, for the same comparative periods. The average Georgia Dock market price for whole birds was 2.7% lower during fiscal   2016   as compared to the average during fiscal   2015  . Net sales of prepared chicken products during fiscal   2016   and   2015   were   $185.1 million   and   $186.8 million  , respectively,   a decrease   of   0.9%  , resulting from a   2.3%    
  
   26 

     Table of Contents  

decrease   in the average sales price of prepared chicken products sold, partially offset by a   1.4%     increase   in the pounds of prepared chicken products sold. During fiscal   2016  , the Company sold   91.8 million   pounds of prepared chicken products, up from   90.6 million   pounds sold during fiscal   2015  . 
  Cost of sales for fiscal   2016   was   $2,362.1 million   as compared to   $2,312.4 million   during fiscal   2015  ,   an increase   of   $49.7 million  , or   2.1%  . Excluding poultry products sold to the Company's prepared chicken division, cost of sales of poultry products sold during fiscal   2016   and fiscal   2015   were   $2,197.2 million   and   $2,140.1 million  , respectively, which represents a 6.0% decrease in the average cost of sales of poultry products. As illustrated in the table below, which for comparative purposes includes poultry products sold to the Company's prepared chicken division, the   decrease   in the average cost of sales of poultry products resulted primarily from   a decrease   in the cost of feed per pound of broilers processed of   $0.0244  , or   8.7%  , and a   $0.0118   per pound   decrease   in other costs of sales of poultry products. 
  Poultry Cost of Sales 
  (In thousands, except per pound data) 

Note (1) - For comparative purposes, includes the costs and pounds of product sold to the Company's prepared chicken plant.  
  Other costs of sales of poultry products include labor, contract grower pay, packaging, freight and certain fixed costs, among other costs. During fiscal   2016   and   2015  , other costs of sales of poultry products also included approximately $0.3 million and $16.8 million, respectively, of charges related to the Company s bonus award program. These non-feed related costs of poultry products sold   decreased   $0.0118   per pound processed, or   3.3%  , during fiscal   2016   as compared to fiscal   2015  , a majority of which is due to a combination of reduced accruals related to the bonus award program and increased efficiencies realized at the Company's new Palestine, Texas facilities as the volume of processed pounds increased. The decrease in bonus award program accruals is the result of fiscal 2016 minimum earnings per share and operational targets not being achieved under the Company's fiscal 2016 bonus award program. 
  During fiscal   2016  , costs of sales of the Company s prepared chicken products were   $164.9 million   as compared to   $172.3 million   during fiscal   2015  ,   a decrease   of   $7.4 million  , or   4.3%  , primarily attributable to an 8.9% decrease in processing costs per pound, a category which includes items such as labor, packaging and fixed costs, partially offset by a   1.4%   increase in the pounds of prepared chicken products sold. Approximately 1.6% of the decrease in processing costs per pound is attributable to reduced accruals related to the Company's bonus award program during fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015.  
  The Company recorded the value of live broiler inventories on hand at   October 31, 2016   at cost. When market conditions are favorable, the Company values the broiler inventories on hand at cost, and accumulates costs as the birds are grown to a marketable age subsequent to the balance sheet date. In periods where the Company estimates that the cost to grow live birds in inventory to a marketable age and then process and distribute those birds will be higher in the aggregate than the anticipated sales proceeds, the Company will make an adjustment to lower the value of live birds in inventory to the market value. No such charge was required at   October 31, 2016   or   October 31, 2015  . 
  Selling, general and administrative ("SG A") costs during fiscal   2016   were   $159.9 million  , or $4.8 million higher than the   $155.1 million   of SG A in fiscal   2015  . The following table shows the components of SG A costs for the twelve months ended   October 31, 2016   and   2015  . 
  
   27 

     Table of Contents  

Selling, General and Administrative Costs 
  (in thousands) 

As illustrated in the table above, the majority of the   $4.8 million     increase   in SG A costs during fiscal   2016   as compared to fiscal   2015   resulted from increases in marketing and start-up expenses, partially offset by a decrease in accruals related to the Company's bonus award program. The increase in marketing expenses is the result of an advertising campaign launched during the third quarter of fiscal 2016. The change in start-up expense in any particular period relates to the stage of the start-up process in which a facility under construction is in during the period. Non-construction related expenses, such as labor, training and office-related expenses for a facility under construction are recorded as start-up expense until the facility begins operations. As a facility moves closer to actual start-up, the expenses incurred for labor, training, etc. increase. As a result, amounts classified as start-up expenses will increase period over period until the facility begins production. Once production begins, the expenses from that point forward are recorded as costs of goods sold. The decrease in bonus award program expense is the result of fiscal 2016 minimum earnings per share and operational targets not being achieved under the Company's fiscal 2016 bonus award program. 
  The Company s operating   income   during fiscal   2016   was   $294.1 million   as compared to an operating   income   during fiscal   2015   of   $336.0 million  . The reduced operating income resulted primarily from lower market prices of poultry products, partially offset by lower costs of feed grains during fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015, as described above. 
  Interest expense during fiscal   2016   and fiscal   2015   was   $1.7 million   and   $2.1 million  , respectively. The   decrease   in interest expense during fiscal   2016   as compared to fiscal   2015   resulted from lower average outstanding debt during fiscal   2016   as compared to fiscal   2015  . 
  The Company s effective tax rate for fiscal   2016   was 35.4% as compared to 35.3% for fiscal   2015  . The Company s effective tax rate differs from the statutory federal rate due to state income taxes, certain nondeductible expenses for federal income tax purposes and certain state and federal tax credits. As of October 31, 2016, the Company's long-term deferred income tax liability was $75.7 million as compared to $47.5 million at October 31, 2015, an increase of $28.2 million. The increase is primarily attributable to legislation enacted during the first quarter of fiscal 2016 which allowed for bonus depreciation to be taken on qualifying assets placed in service during the 2015 calendar year and the Company's decision to take advantage of the legislation. 
  The Company s net income during fiscal   2016   was   $189.0 million  , or   $8.37   per share, as compared to net income during fiscal   2015   of   $216.0 million   or   $9.52   per share. 
  EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW OF RESULTS     2015    
  The Company s margins were slightly lower during fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014, reflecting significantly lower average sales prices for most products produced at our plants that process a larger sized bird, partially offset by significantly lower grain prices and continued strong demand and market prices for fresh chicken sold at retail grocery stores. Wholesale market prices for product sold to retail grocery store customers reached record-high levels during the third quarter of fiscal 2015 and remained at or near record-high levels throughout fiscal 2015. In contrast, although food service demand improved during fiscal 2015 when compared to fiscal 2014, that increased demand was not sufficient to keep pace with increased industry  
  
   28 

     Table of Contents  

production and increases in domestic supplies caused by weak export demand. During fiscal 2015, export demand remained under pressure as a result of several factors including political conditions, avian influenza related bans, economic stress caused by low oil prices in some countries and the strength of the United States dollar. The result of these factors was weak pricing for most products produced at our plants that process a larger sized bird, with Urner Barry average market prices for bulk leg quarters 31.5% lower during fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014, and Urner Barry average market prices for boneless breast meat and tenders approximately 15.4% and 15.8% lower, respectively, for the same period.  
  Market prices for corn and soybean meal were significantly lower during fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014, which resulted in a 16.2% decrease in the average feed cost in broiler flocks processed during fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014.  
  On January 8, 2015, China announced a ban on the import of United States poultry meat following the discovery of avian influenza ("AI") in a wild bird in the Pacific Northwest. AI was later detected in several types of poultry flocks from the West Coast to the upper Midwest, and as far south as Arkansas. There has been no indication from China of how long the ban will last. Although AI was not detected in broiler chickens of the type raised and marketed by the Company, additional countries imposed bans on United States broiler meat imports, which negatively affected dark meat pricing. During fiscal 2014, the Company sold approximately 74.9 million pounds of poultry meat, primarily chicken paws and wing tips, to customers who resold the product in China, reflecting approximately $62.1 million in total sales. Because there are no material domestic or export markets for these products other than China, the Company is currently rendering those products for significantly lower returns. As a result, during fiscal 2015 the Company sold only approximately 22.8 million pounds of poultry meat, primarily chicken paws and wing tips, to customers who resold the product in China, reflecting approximately $20.0 million in total sales. The fiscal 2015 sales were made prior to the ban's effective date. Overall industry exports of chicken parts, excluding paws, were lower by approximately 13.4  % in volume and 26.1% in value during calendar 2015 compared to calendar 2014     for the reasons described above.    
  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS     2015    
  Net sales for fiscal 2015 were $2,803.5 million, as compared to $2,774.8 million for fiscal 2014, an increase of $28.6 million or 1.0%. Net sales of poultry products for fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014 were $2,616.6 million and $2,620.5 million, respectively, a decrease of $3.9 million or 0.1%. The decrease in net sales of poultry products resulted from an 11.0% decrease in the average sales price of poultry products sold, partially offset by a 12.2% increase in the pounds of poultry products sold. During fiscal 2015, the Company sold 3,417.7 million pounds of poultry products, up from 3,045.5 million pounds during fiscal 2014. The additional pounds of poultry products sold resulted from a 4.0% increase in average bird weights and a 5.4% increase in the number of chickens sold. During fiscal 2015, the new Palestine processing facility, which began initial operations in February 2015, processed 14.4 million head, or 3.0% of the Company's total head processed during the period, and sold 124.3 million pounds of poultry products, or 3.6% of the Company's total poultry pounds sold during the period. Overall, market prices for poultry products decreased during fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014. Urner Barry average market prices for boneless breast, tenders and bulk leg quarters decreased during fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014 by 15.4%, 15.8% and 31.5%, respectively, while average market prices for jumbo wings increased by 26.9% for the same comparative periods. The average Georgia Dock market price for whole birds, which reached its historical high during the Company s third fiscal quarter of 2015, averaged 5.6% higher during fiscal 2015 as compared to the average during fiscal 2014. Net sales of prepared chicken products during fiscal 2015 and 2014 were $186.8 million and $154.3 million, respectively, an increase of 21.1%, resulting from a 19.0% increase in the pounds of prepared chicken products sold and a 1.8% increase in the average sales price of prepared chicken products sold. During fiscal 2015, the Company sold 90.6 million pounds of prepared chicken products, up from 76.1 million pounds sold during fiscal 2014. 
  Cost of sales for fiscal 2015 was $2,312.4 million as compared to $2,253.9 million during fiscal 2014, an increase of $58.5 million, or 2.6%. Excluding poultry products sold to the Company's prepared chicken division, cost of sales of poultry products sold during fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014 were $2,140.1 million and $2,106.6 million, respectively, an increase of $33.5 million, or approximately 1.6%. As illustrated in the table below, which for comparative purposes includes poultry products sold to the Company's prepared chicken division, the increase in the cost of sales of poultry products sold resulted primarily from an increase in the pounds of poultry products sold of 12.7%, partially offset by a decrease in the cost of feed per pound of broilers processed of $0.0540 or 16.2%. 
  
   29 

     Table of Contents  

Poultry Cost of Sales 
  (In thousands, except percentages and per pound data) 

Note (1) - For comparative purposes, includes the costs and pounds of product sold to the Company's prepared chicken plant. 
  Other costs of sales of poultry products include labor, contract grower pay, packaging, freight and certain fixed costs, among other costs. During fiscal 2015 and 2014, other costs of sales of poultry products also included approximately $16.8 million and $13.8 million, respectively, of charges related to the Company s bonus award program. These non-feed related costs of poultry products sold decreased $0.0100 per pound processed, or 2.8%, during fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014, due to efficiencies realized from higher volume and lower freight and packaging costs. Other costs of sales per pound processed were adversely affected by the Company's new Palestine, Texas complex. The new complex's other costs of sales per pound processed will be higher compared to similar complexes until it reaches full capacity. Excluding Palestine, other costs of sales would have decreased by $0.0125 per pound processed, or 3.4%.  
  During fiscal 2015, costs of sales of the Company s prepared chicken products were $172.3 million as compared to $147.3 million during fiscal 2014, an increase of $25.0 million, or 17.0%, primarily attributable to a 19.0% increase in the pounds of prepared chicken products sold. The increase in the pounds of prepared chicken products sold was a mixed result of both increased volume sold to existing customers and new customers added during the year. 
  The Company recorded the value of live broiler inventories on hand at   October 31, 2015  , at cost. When market conditions are favorable, the Company values the broiler inventories on hand at cost, and accumulates costs as the birds are grown to a marketable age subsequent to the balance sheet date. In periods where the Company estimates that the cost to grow live birds in inventory to a marketable age and then process and distribute those birds will be higher in the aggregate than the anticipated sales proceeds, the Company will make an adjustment to lower the value of live birds in inventory to the market value. No such charge was required at   October 31, 2015  , or   October 31, 2014  . 
  SG A costs during fiscal 2015 were $155.1 million, $16.1 million higher than the $139.0 million in fiscal 2014. The following table shows the components of SG A costs for the twelve months ended October 31, 2015 and 2014. 

30 

     Table of Contents  

Selling, General and Administrative Costs 
  (in thousands) 

As illustrated in the table above, the $16.1 million increase in SG A costs during fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014 resulted from a $7.9 million increase in labor costs, including administrative salaries, stock-based compensation and bonus expense, a $6.5 million increase in the amounts classified as all other SG A expenses, and a $1.8 million increase in trainee expense. The increase in administrative salaries is attributable to an increase in the number of employees, as well as higher wages paid to existing personnel. The increase in stock-based compensation expense is largely attributable to the timing of accruals related to the Company's performance share agreements with key employees, as described in "Note 9 - Stock Compensation Plans" in the notes to our consolidated financial statements. The increase in all other SG A expenses resulted from a variety of areas within the Company, and the increase in trainee expense is attributable to an increase in trainee staff.  
  The Company s operating   income   during fiscal   2015   was   $336.0 million   as compared to an operating   income   during fiscal   2014   of   $381.9 million  . The reduced operating income resulted primarily from lower market prices of poultry products, partially offset by lower costs of feed grains during fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014, as described above. 
  Interest expense during fiscal   2015   and fiscal   2014   was   $2.1 million   and   $2.6 million  , respectively. The decrease in interest expense during fiscal   2015   as compared to fiscal   2014   resulted primarily from lower outstanding debt during fiscal   2015   as compared to fiscal   2014  . The decrease was partially offset by a reduction of capitalized interest during fiscal 2015 as compared to 2014. During fiscal 2015, the Company capitalized $480,000 of interest related to the construction of the new complexes in Palestine, Texas and St. Pauls, North Carolina, as well as the new building that was under construction at the site of the corporate headquarters in Laurel, Mississippi. Comparatively, the Company capitalized $1.1 million of interest related to the construction of the new complex in Palestine during fiscal 2014.  
  The Company s effective tax rate for fiscal   2015   was 35.3% as compared to 34.4% for fiscal   2014  . The effective tax rate increased due to additional tax expense related to legislation enacted during the first quarter, an increase in state tax expense related to utilization of state tax credits and a decrease in pretax income during 2015. The Company s effective tax rate differs from the statutory federal rate due to state income taxes, certain nondeductible expenses for federal income tax purposes and certain state and federal tax credits. As of October 31, 2015, the Company's long-term deferred income tax liability was $47.5 million as compared to $42.7 million at October 31, 2014, an increase of $4.8 million. The increase is primarily attributable to legislation enacted during the first quarter of fiscal 2015 which allowed for bonus depreciation to be taken on qualifying assets placed in service during the 2014 calendar year. 
  The Company s net income during fiscal   2015   was   $216.0 million  , or   $9.52   per share, as compared to net income during fiscal   2014   of   $249.0 million   or   $10.80   per share. 
  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
  The Company s working capital, calculated by subtracting current liabilities from current assets, at   October 31, 2016  , was   $465.1 million  , and its current ratio, calculated by dividing current assets by current liabilities, was   4.1   to 1. The Company s working capital and current ratio at   October 31, 2015  , were   $396.8 million   and   3.5   to 1, respectively. These measures reflect the Company s ability to meet its short term obligations and are included here as a measure of the Company s short term market liquidity. The Company s principal sources of liquidity available during fiscal   2016   included cash on hand at November 1,   2015  , cash flows from operations, and funds available under the Company s revolving credit facility. As described below, the Company is a party to a revolving credit facility dated   April 24, 2015  , with a maximum available borrowing capacity of   $750.0  
  
   31 

     Table of Contents  

million  . As of   October 31, 2016   and   December 8, 2016  , the Company had no outstanding draws under the facility and had approximately   $16.3 million   outstanding in letters of credit, leaving   $733.7   million available under the facility. For more information about the facility, see Item 1.01 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 29, 2015, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
  The Company s cash position at   October 31, 2016   and   October 31, 2015  , consisted of   $234.1 million   and   $196.7 million  , respectively, in cash and cash equivalents. The Company s ability to invest cash is limited by covenants in its revolving credit agreement to short term investments. All of the Company s cash at   October 31, 2016   and   October 31, 2015  , was held in bank accounts and highly-liquid investment accounts. There were no restrictions on the Company s access to its cash and cash investments, and such cash and cash investments were available to the Company on demand to fund its operations. 
  Cash flows provided by operating activities during fiscal   2016   and fiscal   2015   were   $292.8 million   and   $297.8 million  , respectively. The change in cash flows from operating activities resulted from offsetting circumstances. During fiscal 2016, compared to fiscal 2015, the Company experienced a decrease in cash paid for income taxes of approximately $112.1 million, net of refunds received. However, this was offset by reduced market prices for poultry products in fiscal 2016 and cash needed to fund increases in inventories during fiscal 2016 as the Company's Palestine, Texas complex moved toward full capacity.  
  Cash flows provided by operating activities during fiscal   2015   and fiscal   2014   were   $297.8 million   and   $306.5 million  , respectively. The   decrease   in cash flows from operating activities of   $8.7 million   resulted primarily from reduced market prices for poultry products during fiscal 2015, partially offset by the lower costs of feed grains experienced by the Company during fiscal 2015, and a $19.7 million increase in cash paid for income taxes during fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014.  
  Cash flows used in investing activities during fiscal   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , were   $200.4 million  ,   $157.4 million   and   $171.1 million  , respectively. The Company s capital expenditures during fiscal   2016   of   $200.9 million   included approximately $122.4 million for construction at the Company s new St. Pauls, North Carolina complex and approximately $5.7 million for construction of a new office building on the site of the Company's headquarters in Laurel, Mississippi. The Company s capital expenditures during fiscal   2015   were   $158.3 million   and included approximately $50.6 million for construction at the Company s new Palestine, Texas complex, approximately $13.2 million for construction at the St. Pauls, North Carolina complex, and approximately $11.7 million for progress payments on a new Company aircraft. The Company's capital expenditures during fiscal   2014   were   $171.6 million   and included approximately $104.6 million for construction at the Palestine, Texas complex and approximately $7.4 million for a new Company aircraft. Excluding expenditures related to construction of new complexes and new aircraft during fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, the Company s capital expenditures for those years were $78.5 million, $82.8 million and $59.6 million, respectively. 
  Cash flows used in financing activities during fiscal   2016  ,   2015   and   2014   were   $55.0 million  ,   $109.3 million   and   $55.3 million  , respectively. During fiscal   2016  , the Company purchased shares valued at $7.3 million pursuant to the Company's Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated on February 11, 2016, under which shares were withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations. Additionally, the Company made the last of five $10.0 million annual installments on the $50.0 million Farm Credit Services term loan and paid approximately $42.9 million in dividends to its shareholders, of which approximately $22.6 million resulted from a special cash dividend paid during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. During fiscal   2015  , the Company repurchased and canceled 700,003 shares of its common stock in open-market transactions at an average price of $78.85 per share, and purchased shares valued at $14.9 million pursuant to the Company s Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated on February 11, 2016, as described above. Additionally, the Company made the fourth of five $10.0 million annual installments on the $50.0 million Farm Credit Services term loan and paid approximately $31.1 million in dividends to its shareholders, of which approximately $11.2 million resulted from a special cash dividend paid during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. During fiscal   2014  , the Company purchased shares valued at $6.6 million pursuant to the Company's Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated on February 11, 2016, as described above. Additionally, the Company made the third of five $10.0 million annual installments on the $50.0 million Farm Credit Services term loan, completed a $10.2 million early purchase option of an aircraft that was previously subject to a capital lease and paid approximately $30.5 million in dividends to its shareholders, of which approximately $11.5 million resulted from a special cash dividend paid during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014. 
  As of   December 8, 2016  , the Company s fiscal   2017   capital budget, excluding operating leases, is expected to be approximately $100.1 million. The   2017   capital budget will be funded by cash on hand at   October 31, 2016  , internally generated working capital, cash flows from operations and, as needed, borrowings under the Company s revolving credit facility. The Company had   $733.7   million available under the revolving line of credit at   October 31, 2016  . The fiscal   2017   capital budget is expected to include approximately $18.3 million for construction of the Company s new St. Pauls, North Carolina complex. Excluding the budget for construction of the new complex, the fiscal   2017   capital budget is expected to be approximately $81.8 million. These amounts are estimates and are subject to change as we move through fiscal   2017  . 
  
   32 

     Table of Contents  

On October 9, 2008, the Company announced that it filed a Form S-3  shelf  registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission to register for possible future sale of shares of the Company s common and/or preferred stock at an aggregate offering price not to exceed $1.0 billion. The Company sold 2.3 million shares of its common stock pursuant to this registration statement on April 7, 2010, at $53.00 per share. Under SEC rules, a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 expires after three years. The Company filed its latest renewal S-3 on October 8, 2014 to register for possible future sale shares of the Company's common and/or preferred stock at an aggregate offering price not to exceed $1.0 billion. The stock may be offered by the Company in amounts, at prices and on terms to be determined by the board of directors if and when shares are issued. 
  In March 2015, the Company announced the selection of sites in and near St. Pauls, North Carolina, for the construction of its next poultry complex. The completed complex will consist of a hatchery, processing plant, wastewater treatment facility, and an expansion of the Company's existing feed mill in Kinston, North Carolina.  Construction began in July 2015, and initial operations of the new complex are expected to begin during the first quarter of fiscal 2017. The Company estimates the total investment in the complex will be approximately $155.0 million, of which approximately $135.6 million was spent as of October 31, 2016. See "The construction and potential benefits of our new facilities are subject to risks and uncertainties" in the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report.  
  The Company is a party to a revolving credit facility dated   April 24, 2015   with a maximum available borrowing capacity of   $750.0 million  . The facility has an annual capital expenditure limitation of   $100.0 million   for fiscal years 2016 through 2020, and permits up to   $15.0 million   of the unused capital expenditure limitation from the prior fiscal year to be carried over to the next fiscal year. The capital expenditure limitation for fiscal 2016 is   $115.0 million  . The credit facility also permits the Company to spend up to   $160.0 million   in capital expenditures on the construction of the new poultry complex in St. Pauls, North Carolina, and up to   $175.0 million   in capital expenditures on the construction of a potential additional new poultry complex, which expenditures are in addition to the annual capital expenditure limits. In addition to the annual capital expenditure limits, the credit facility permits the Company to spend up to   $15.0 million   in capital expenditures on the acquisition of a new aircraft, which was spent during fiscal 2015 and the first quarter of fiscal 2016. Under the facility, the Company may not exceed a maximum debt to total capitalization ratio of   50%  . The Company has a one-time right, at any time during the term of the agreement, to increase the maximum debt to total capitalization ratio then in effect by five percentage points in connection with the construction of either the St. Pauls, North Carolina complex or a second potential new poultry complex for the four fiscal quarters beginning on the first day of the fiscal quarter during which the Company gives written notice of its intent to exercise this right. The Company has not exercised this right. The facility also sets a minimum net worth requirement that at   October 31, 2016  , was   $833.1 million  . The credit is unsecured and, unless extended, will expire on April 24, 2020. As of October 31 and   December 8, 2016  , the Company had no outstanding draws under the facility, and had approximately   $16.3 million   outstanding in letters of credit, leaving   $733.7   million available under the facility. For more information about the facility, see Item 1.01 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 29, 2015, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
  The Company regularly evaluates both internal and external growth opportunities, including acquisition opportunities and the possible construction of new production assets, and conducts due diligence activities in connection with such opportunities. The cost and terms of any financing to be raised in conjunction with any growth opportunity, including the Company s ability to raise debt or equity capital on terms and at costs satisfactory to the Company, and the effect of such opportunities on the Company s balance sheet, are critical considerations in any such evaluation. 
  Contractual Obligations 
  Obligations under non-cancelable operating leases; purchase obligations relating to feed grains, other feed ingredients and packaging supplies; construction contracts and claims payable relating to the Company s workers  compensation insurance policy at   October 31, 2016  , were as follows (in thousands): 
  
   33 

     Table of Contents  

Off-balance Sheet Arrangements 
  The Company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements material to our financial position or results of operations as of   October 31, 2016  . 
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
  The preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from these estimates and assumptions, and the differences could be material. 
  Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
  In the normal course of business, the Company extends credit to its customers on a short-term basis. Although credit risks associated with customers are considered minimal, the Company routinely reviews its accounts receivable balances and makes provisions for probable doubtful accounts based on an individual assessment of a customer s credit quality as well as subjective factors and trends, including the aging of receivable balances. In circumstances where management is aware of a specific customer s inability to meet its financial obligations to the Company, a specific reserve is recorded to reduce the receivable to the amount expected to be collected. If circumstances change (i.e., higher than expected defaults or an unexpected material adverse change in a major customer s ability to meet its financial obligations to the Company), estimates of the recoverability of amounts due could be reduced by a material amount, and the allowance for doubtful accounts and related bad debt expense would increase by the same amount. 
  Inventories 
  Processed and prepared inventories and inventories of feed, eggs, medication and packaging supplies are stated at the lower of cost (average method) or market value. When market prices for poultry are low and feed grains are high, the Company may be required to write down the carrying values of processed poultry and live inventories to fair market value, which would increase the Company s cost of sales. 
  Live poultry inventories of broilers are stated at the lower of cost or market and breeders at cost less accumulated amortization. The cost associated with broiler inventories, consisting principally of chicks, feed, medicine and payments to the growers who raise the chicks for us, are accumulated during the growing period. The cost associated with breeder inventories, consisting principally of breeder chicks, feed, medicine and grower payments are accumulated during the growing period. Capitalized breeder costs are then amortized over nine months using the straight-line method. Mortality of broilers and breeders is charged to cost of sales as incurred. If market prices for chicks, feed or medicine or if grower payments increase (or decrease) during the period, the Company could have an increase (or decrease) in the market value of its inventory as well as an increase (or decrease) in cost of sales. Should the Company decide that the nine month amortization period used to amortize the breeder costs is no longer appropriate as a result of operational changes, a shorter (or longer) amortization period could increase (or decrease) the cost of sales recorded in future periods. High mortality from disease or extreme temperatures would result in abnormal charges to cost of sales to write-down live poultry inventories. 
  
   34 

     Table of Contents  

The Company s live broiler inventories are recorded at cost at   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , because the estimated market value for all broiler flocks in inventory was higher than the estimated cost to complete those live broiler inventories. Breeders are generally not subject to lower of cost or market reserves due to their longer production lives. 
  Long-Lived Assets 
  Depreciable long-lived assets are primarily comprised of buildings and machinery and equipment. Depreciation is provided by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives, which are 15 to 39 years for buildings and 3 to 12 years for machinery and equipment. An increase or decrease in the estimated useful lives would result in changes to depreciation expense. 
  The Company continually reevaluates the carrying value of its long-lived assets for events or changes in circumstances that indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. As part of this reevaluation, the Company estimates the future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposal. If the sum of the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) is less than the carrying amount of the asset, an impairment loss is recognized to reduce the carrying value of the long-lived asset to the estimated fair value of the asset. If the Company s assumptions with respect to the future expected cash flows associated with the use of long-lived assets currently recorded change, then the Company s determination that no impairment charges are necessary may change and result in the Company recording an impairment charge in a future period. 
  Accrued Self Insurance 
  Insurance expense for workers  compensation benefits and employee-related health care benefits are estimated using historical experience and actuarial estimates. The Company accrues expenses in its workers  compensation and employee benefit plans for both known claims as well as claims incurred but not reported. Stop-loss coverage is maintained with third party insurers to limit the Company s total exposure. Management regularly reviews the assumptions used to recognize periodic expenses. Any resulting adjustments to accrued claims are reflected in current operating results. There are no material adjustments to expenses accrued in prior periods in current expenses. If historical experience proves not to be a good indicator of future expenses, if management were to use different actuarial assumptions, or if there is a negative trend in the Company s claims history, there could be a significant increase or decrease in cost of sales depending on whether these expenses increased or decreased, respectively. 
  Performance Share Plans 
  The Company enters into performance share agreements that grant certain officers and key employees the right to receive shares of the Company s common stock, subject to the Company s achievement of certain performance measures. The performance measures in each outstanding agreement relate to the Company s average return on equity and average return on sales over a two year performance period. There is an additional one-year service-based vesting period during which the holder must be employed by the Company to be eligible to receive the shares that met the performance measures. The Company must estimate, at the end of each reporting period, the probability that all or some portion of the shares will be earned at the end of the total three year vesting period. In making this estimate, the Company considers, among other factors, the current and projected grain costs and chicken volumes and pricing, as well as the amount of commitments to procure grain at a fixed price throughout the performance period. Due to the high level of volatility of these commodity prices and the impact that the change in pricing can have on the Company s results, the Company s assessment of probability can change from period to period and can result in a significant revision to the amounts accrued related to the awards. The accounting for these awards requires the Company to accrue over the three year vesting period the estimated amounts that will be earned with adjustments made during the service period using the cumulative catch up method. With respect to the fiscal 2014 awards, which vested and were issued effective October 31, 2016, the Company expensed a total of approximately $9.6 million, of which $6.4 million was recorded during fiscal 2015 and $3.2 million was recorded during fiscal 2016. With respect to the fiscal 2015 awards, the Company has accrued $5.9 million as of   October 31, 2016  , based on the Company s determination that achievement of the applicable performance based criteria for those agreements is probable at a level between the target and maximum levels. Because of the volatility of the factors previously discussed, as of   October 31, 2016  , the Company was unable to determine that it was probable that awards from outstanding agreements entered into during fiscal 2016 would be earned, and therefore has not accrued any amount for those awards. Had the Company determined that it was probable that the maximum amount of those outstanding awards from the fiscal 2016 agreements would be earned, an additional $3.8 million would have been accrued as of   October 31, 2016  . 
  Income Taxes 
  
   35 

     Table of Contents  

The Company determines its effective tax rate by estimating its permanent differences resulting from differing treatment of items for financial and income tax purposes. The Company is periodically audited by taxing authorities and considers any adjustments made as a result of the audits in computing the Company s income tax expense. Any audit adjustments affecting permanent differences could have an impact on the Company s effective tax rate. 
  Deferred income taxes are accounted for using the liability method and relate principally to depreciation expense, stock based compensation programs and self-insurance programs accounted for differently for financial and income tax purposes. During fiscal 2016, the Company retrospectively adopted Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-17, "Income Taxes - Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes," which requires an entity to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent. Refer to the "New Accounting Pronouncements" section below for a description of the resulting reclassification to the related balance sheet items previously reported as of October 31, 2015. 
  Valuation allowances are recorded when it is more likely than not some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. 
  Contingencies 
  The Company recognizes the costs of legal defense for the legal proceedings to which it is a party in the periods incurred. After a considerable analysis of each case, the Company determines the amount of reserves required, if any. At this time, the Company has not accrued any reserve for any of these matters. Future reserves may be required if losses are deemed reasonably estimable and probable due to changes in the Company s assumptions, the effectiveness of legal strategies, or other factors beyond the Company s control. Future results of operations may be materially affected by the creation of reserves or by accruals of losses to reflect any adverse determinations of these legal proceedings. 
  New Accounting Pronouncements 
  In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued guidance requiring all income tax effects of stock awards to be recognized in the statement of operations when the awards vest or are settled rather than recording excess tax benefits or deficiencies in additional paid-in capital. Additionally, classification of the related amounts in the statement of cash flows will be recognized within operating activities, rather than financing activities. The guidance also changes accounting for an employee's use of shares to satisfy the employer's statutory tax withholding obligation and for forfeitures. The standard becomes effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, our fiscal 2018. Early adoption is permitted. The effect of this new standard s provisions on excess tax benefits or deficiencies in our consolidated financial statements will depend on the changes in the Company s stock prices at vesting dates and grant dates for awards that vest after adoption. The changes in amounts repurchased for tax withholding purposes and changes in the accounting for forfeitures are not expected to have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued guidance which is intended to increase transparency and comparability among companies by requiring an entity that is a lessee to recognize on the balance sheet the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities arising from all leases with terms, as defined by the guidance, of greater than twelve months. The guidance also requires disclosures of key information about the leasing arrangements. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, our fiscal 2020. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In November 2015, the FASB issued guidance that requires an entity to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, our fiscal 2018, and interim periods within those years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company adopted this standard, retrospectively, as of October 31, 2016. The changes in the effected income tax related balance sheet accounts at the prior year end were as follows:   

36 

     Table of Contents  

In July 2015, the FASB issued guidance that requires an entity to measure inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, our fiscal 2018. Early adoption is permitted and the prospective transition method should be applied. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In April 2015, the FASB issued guidance requiring that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments in the new standard.  The standard requires retrospective application and will be effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, our fiscal year 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not believe adoption will have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued guidance changing the criteria for recognizing revenue, which was amended in 2015 to defer the effective date by one year. The guidance also modifies the related disclosure requirements, clarifies guidance for multiple-element arrangements and provides guidance for transactions that were not addressed fully in previous guidance. The guidance, as amended, is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, our fiscal 2019. Early adoption is permitted for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
   
           Item 7A. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk. 
     The Company is a purchaser of certain commodities, primarily corn and soybean meal, for use in manufacturing feed for its chickens. As a result, the Company s earnings are affected by changes in the price and availability of such feed ingredients. Feed grains are subject to volatile price changes caused by factors described below that include weather, size of harvest, transportation and storage costs and the agricultural policies of the United States and foreign governments. The price fluctuations of feed grains have a direct and material effect on the Company s profitability. 
  Generally, the Company commits to purchase feed ingredients for deferred delivery from one month to nine months after the time of the commitment. The Company sometimes purchases its feed ingredients for prompt delivery to its feed mills at market prices at the time of such purchases. The grain purchases are made directly with our usual grain suppliers, which are companies in the business of regularly supplying grain to end users, and do not involve options to purchase. Such purchases occur when our chief operating decision maker concludes that market factors indicate that prices at the time the grain is needed are likely to be higher than current prices, or where, based on current and expected market prices for the Company s poultry products, our chief operating decision maker believes it can purchase feed ingredients at prices that will allow the Company to earn a reasonable return for its shareholders. Market factors considered by our chief operating decision maker in determining whether or not and to what extent to buy grain for deferred delivery include: 
             
    Current market prices; 
                
    Current and predicted weather patterns in the United States, South America, China and other grain producing areas, as such weather patterns might affect the planting, growing, harvesting and yield of feed grains; 
                
    The expected size of the harvest of feed grains in the United States and other grain producing areas of the world as reported by governmental and private sources; 
                
    Current and expected changes to the agricultural policies of the United States and foreign governments; 
                
    The relative strength of United States currency and expected changes therein as it might impact the ability of foreign countries to buy United States feed grain commodities; 
                
    The current and expected volumes of export of feed grain commodities as reported by governmental and private sources; 
                
    The current and expected use of available feed grains for uses other than as livestock feed grains (such as the use of corn for the production of ethanol, which use is impacted by the price of crude oil); and 
                
    Current and expected market prices for the Company s poultry products. 
     The Company purchases physical grain, not financial instruments such as puts, calls or straddles that derive their value from the value of physical grain. Thus, the Company does not use derivative financial instruments as defined in ASC 815,  
  
   37 

     Table of Contents  

Accounting for Derivatives for Instruments and Hedging Activities,  or any market risk sensitive instruments of the type contemplated by Item 305 of Regulation S-K. The Company does not enter into any derivative transactions or purchase any grain-related contracts other than the physical grain contracts described above. 
  Although the Company does not use derivative financial instruments as defined in ASC 815 or purchase market risk sensitive instruments of the type contemplated by Item 305 of Regulation S-K, the commodities that the Company does purchase for physical delivery, primarily corn and soybean meal, are subject to price fluctuations that have a direct and material effect on the Company s profitability as mentioned above. During fiscal   2016  , the Company purchased approximately   104.5 million   bushels of corn and approximately   961,074   tons of soybean meal for use in manufacturing feed for its live chickens. Thus, a $1.00 change in the average market price paid per bushel for corn would have impacted the Company s cash outlays for corn by approximately   $104.5 million   in fiscal   2016  . Likewise, a $10.00 change in the price paid per ton for soybean meal would impact the Company s cash outlays by approximately   $9.6 million  . 
  Although changes in the market price paid for feed grains impact cash outlays at the time the Company purchases the grain, such changes do not immediately impact cost of sales. The cost of feed grains is recognized in cost of sales, on a first-in-first-out basis, at the same time that the sales of the chickens that consume the feed grains are recognized. Thus, there is a lag between the time cash is paid for feed ingredients and the time the cost of such feed ingredients is reported in cost of goods sold. For example, corn delivered to a feed mill and paid for one week might be used to manufacture feed the following week. However, the chickens that eat that feed might not be processed and sold for another 48-65 days, and only at that time will the costs of the feed consumed by the chicken become included in cost of goods sold. 
  During fiscal   2016  , the Company s average feed cost per pound of broilers processed totaled   $0.2554   per pound. Feed costs per pound of broilers processed consist primarily of feed grains, but also include other feed ingredients such as vitamins, fat and mineral feed supplements. The average feed cost per pound is influenced not only by the price of feed ingredients, but also by the efficiency with which live chickens convert feed into body weight. Factors such as weather, poultry husbandry, quality of feed ingredients and the quality and health of the bird, among others, affect the quantity of feed necessary to mature chickens to the target live weight and the efficiency of that process. Generally, however, a $1.00 change in the average price paid per bushel of corn fed to a chicken during its life would have affected average feed cost per pound of broilers processed by   $0.0278  , based on the quantity of grain used during fiscal   2016  . Similarly, a $10.00 change in the average price paid per ton of soybean meal would have influenced the average feed cost per pound of broilers processed by   $0.0025   during fiscal   2016  . 
  The following table shows the impact of hypothetical changes in the price of corn and soybean meal on both the Company s cash flow and cost of goods sold, based on quantities actually purchased in fiscal   2016  : 

Typically, the Company s interest expense is sensitive to changes in the general level of interest rates in the United States, and the Company maintains certain of its debt as fixed rate in nature to mitigate the impact of fluctuations in interest rates. At   October 31, 2016  , the Company had no outstanding debt on its balance sheet.  
  The Company is a party to no other market risk sensitive instruments requiring disclosure. 
  
   38 

Table of Contents  

Item 8. 
    Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
      
  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
  The Board of Directors and Stockholders 
  Sanderson Farms, Inc. 
  We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Sanderson Farms, Inc. and subsidiaries as of   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders  equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended   October 31, 2016  . Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in the index at Item 15(a). These financial statements and schedule are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and schedule based on our audits. 
  We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
  In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Sanderson Farms, Inc. and subsidiaries at   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended   October 31, 2016  , in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein. 
  We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Sanderson Farms, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of   October 31, 2016  , based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated   December 15, 2016   expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
    
               /s/ Ernst   Young LLP 

New Orleans, Louisiana 
  December 15, 2016    
  
   39 

Table of Contents  

Sanderson Farms, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

See accompanying notes. 
  
   40 

Table of Contents  

Sanderson Farms, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

See accompanying notes. 
  
   41 

Table of Contents  

Sanderson Farms, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY 

See accompanying notes. 

42 

Table of Contents  

Sanderson Farms, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

See accompanying notes. 
  
   43 

Table of Contents  

Sanderson Farms, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  1. Significant Accounting Policies 
  Basis of Presentation:   The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Sanderson Farms, Inc. (the  Company ) and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation. Certain reclassifications have been made to prior year financial statements to conform to the current year's presentation, including balance sheet reclassifications for current deferred income tax assets in relation to the Company's retrospective adoption of Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-17, "Income Taxes - Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes." Refer to the "Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards" sub-section below for a description of the resulting reclassification to the related balance sheet items previously reported as of October 31, 2015. 
  Business:   The Company is engaged in the production, processing, marketing and distribution of fresh and frozen chicken and other prepared chicken items. The Company s net sales and cost of sales are significantly affected by market price fluctuations of its principal products sold and of its principal feed ingredients, corn and other grains. 
  The Company sells to retailers, distributors and casual dining operators primarily in the southeastern, southwestern, northeastern and western United States. Management periodically performs credit evaluations of its customers  financial condition and generally does not require collateral.   One   customer accounted for more than 10% of consolidated sales for each of the years ended   October 31, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  . Sales to that customer accounted for   17.5%  ,   16.2%  , and   15.9%   of the Company s consolidated net sales in fiscal   2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  , respectively. Shipping and handling costs are included as a component of cost of sales. 
  Generally, revenue is recognized in connection with a transaction when the Company has agreed to sell, and our customer has agreed to purchase, a specific quantity of product, when delivery has occurred, when the price to the buyer has been fixed, and when collectability is reasonably assured. For most customers, this occurs when the product is delivered to customers, which for domestic sales usually occurs at the time of shipment. Revenue on certain international sales is recognized upon transfer of title, which may occur after shipment. Revenue is recognized as the net amount estimated to be received after deducting estimated amounts for discounts, cooperative advertising allowances, product terms and other items. 
  
   44 

     Table of Contents  

RECONCILIATION OF GROSS SALES TO NET SALES DOLLARS (in millions) 

(1) 
    Other deductions include short weights, miscellaneous deductions, credit memos, rebates and other items. 
     Sales of offal are considered by-products; accordingly, these amounts reduce cost of sales and totaled   $27.8 million  ,   $31.2 million   and   $43.1 million   in fiscal   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. 
  The Company sells certain of its products either directly to foreign markets or to U.S. based customers who resell the product in foreign markets. These foreign markets for fiscal 2016 were primarily Mexico, Central Asia and the Middle East. For fiscal 2015 and 2014, these foreign markets were primarily Mexico, Russia, China, Eastern Europe, the Middle East and the Carribean. These export sales for fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014   totaled approximately   $213.5 million  ,   $207.8 million   and   $282.3 million  , respectively. The Company does not believe that the amount of sales attributable to any single foreign country  
  
   45 

     Table of Contents  

is material to its total sales during any of the periods presented. The Company s export sales are facilitated through independent food brokers located in the United States and the Company s internal sales staff. 
  Use of Estimates:   The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
  Cash Equivalents:   The Company considers all highly liquid investments with maturities of   ninety days   or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. 
  Allowance for Doubtful Accounts:   In the normal course of business, the Company extends credit to its customers on a short-term basis. Although credit risks associated with our customers are considered minimal, the Company routinely reviews its accounts receivable balances and makes provisions for probable doubtful accounts based on an individual assessment of a customer s credit quality as well as subjective factors and trends, including the aging of receivable balances. In circumstances where management is aware of a specific customer s inability to meet its financial obligations to the Company, a specific reserve is recorded to reduce the receivable to the amount expected to be collected. If circumstances change (i.e., higher than expected defaults or an unexpected material adverse change in a major customer s ability to meet its financial obligations to us), our estimates of the recoverability of amounts due us could be reduced by a material amount and the allowance for doubtful accounts and related bad debt expense would increase by the same amount. 
  Inventories:   Processed and prepared inventories and inventories of feed, eggs, medication and packaging supplies are stated at the lower of cost (average method) or market value. 
  Live poultry inventories of broilers are stated at the lower of cost or market value and breeders at cost less accumulated amortization. The costs associated with breeders, including breeder chicks, feed, medicine and grower pay, are accumulated up to the production stage and amortized over   nine months   using the straight-line method. 
  When the projected cost to complete, process and sell broilers in live inventory exceeds the expected market value for the finished product, the Company reduces the value of live inventories from cost to market. 
  Property, Plant and Equipment:   Property, plant and equipment is stated at cost. Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is provided by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of   15   to   39   years for buildings and   3   to   12   years for machinery and equipment. During fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, the Company capitalized interest of   $0.3 million  ,   $0.5 million   and   $1.1 million  , respectively, related to new facilities under construction at the time in Laurel, Mississippi, St. Pauls, North Carolina, and Palestine, Texas.  
  Impairment of Long-Lived Assets:   The Company continually reevaluates the carrying value of its long-lived assets based on events or changes in circumstances which indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. As part of this reevaluation and when indicators are present, the Company estimates the future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposal. If the sum of the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) is less than the carrying amount of the asset, an impairment loss, based on the fair value of the assets, is recognized through a charge to operations. 
  Self-Insurance Programs:   Insurance expense for workers  compensation benefits and employee-related health care benefits are estimated using historical experience and actuarial estimates. The Company accrues expenses in its workers  compensation and employee benefit plans for both known claims as well as claims incurred but not reported. Stop-loss coverage is maintained with third party insurers to limit the Company s total exposure. Management regularly reviews the assumptions used to recognize periodic expenses. Any resulting adjustments to accrued claims are reflected in current operating results. There are no material adjustments to expenses accrued in prior periods in current expenses. If historical experience proves not to be a good indicator of future expenses, if management were to use different actuarial assumptions, or if there is a negative trend in the Company s claims history, there could be a significant increase or decrease in cost of sales depending on whether these expenses increased or decreased, respectively. 
  Advertising and Marketing Costs:   The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Advertising costs are included in selling, general and administrative expenses and totaled   $25.1 million  ,   $13.1 million   and   $12.9 million   for fiscal   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. 
  Income Taxes:   Deferred income taxes are accounted for using the liability method and relate principally to depreciation expense, stock based compensation programs and self-insurance programs accounted for differently for financial and income  
  
   46 

     Table of Contents  

tax purposes. During fiscal 2016, the Company retrospectively adopted Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-17, "Income Taxes - Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes," which requires an entity to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent. Refer to the "Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards" sub-section below for a description of the resulting reclassification to the related balance sheet items previously reported as of October 31, 2015. 
  Valuation allowances are recorded when it is more likely than not some or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. 
  The Company is periodically audited by taxing authorities and considers any adjustments, interest, and penalties incurred as a result of the audits in computing and reporting income tax expense. Any audit adjustments could have a material impact on the Company s effective tax rate. Tax periods for fiscal years 2013 through 2016 remain open to examination by federal and state taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject. 
  Share-Based Compensation:   The Company accounts for all share-based payments to employees, including grants of restricted stock and performance-based shares, in the income statement based on their fair values. For performance-based shares, the Company recognizes expense when management determines the performance criteria are probable of being met. 
  Earnings Per Share:   Basic earnings per share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year. Share-based payment awards entitling holders to receive non-forfeitable dividends before vesting are considered participating securities and thus included in the calculation of basic earnings per share. These awards are included in the calculation of basic earnings per share under the two-class method. The two-class method allocates earnings for the period between common shareholders and other security holders. The participating awards receiving dividends are allocated the same amount of income as if they were outstanding shares. Diluted earnings per share includes any dilutive effects of options, warrants, restricted stock and convertible securities. 
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments:   The Company sometimes holds certain items that are required to be disclosed at fair value, primarily cash equivalents and debt instruments. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. A three-level hierarchy is followed for disclosure to show the extent and level of judgment used to estimate fair value measurements: 
  Level 1   Inputs used to measure fair value are unadjusted quoted prices that are available in active markets for the identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. 
  Level 2   Inputs used to measure fair value, other than quoted prices included in Level 1, are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date through correlation with market data, including quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets and quoted prices in markets that are not active. Level 2 also includes assets and liabilities that are valued using models or other pricing methodologies that do not require significant judgment since the input assumptions used in the models, such as interest rates and volatility factors, are corroborated by readily observable data from actively quoted markets for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. 
  Level 3   Inputs used to measure fair value are unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and reflect the use of significant management judgment. These values are generally determined using pricing models for which the assumptions utilize management s estimates of market participant assumptions. 
  At   October 31, 2016   and   October 31, 2015  , the fair value of the Company's cash and short-term cash investments approximated their carrying value due to the short maturity of these financial instruments and were categorized as a Level 2 measurement. Inputs used to measure fair value were primarily recent trading prices and prevailing market interest rates.  
  Fair values for debt are based on quoted market prices or published forward interest rate curves and were categorized as Level 2 measurements. The fair value and carrying value of the Company s borrowings under its long-term debt were as follows: 

Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards:   In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance requiring all income tax effects of stock awards to be recognized in the statement of operations when the awards vest or are settled rather than recording excess tax benefits or deficiencies in additional paid-in capital. Additionally, classification of the related amounts in the statement of  
  
   47 

     Table of Contents  

cash flows will be recognized within operating activities, rather than financing activities. The guidance also changes accounting for an employee's use of shares to satisfy the employer's statutory tax withholding obligation and for forfeitures. The standard becomes effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, our fiscal 2018. Early adoption is permitted. The effect of this new standard s provisions on excess tax benefits or deficiencies in our consolidated financial statements will depend on the changes in the Company s stock prices at vesting dates and grant dates for awards that vest after adoption. The changes in amounts repurchased for tax withholding purposes and changes in the accounting for forfeitures are not expected to have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued guidance which is intended to increase transparency and comparability among companies by requiring an entity that is a lessee to recognize on the balance sheet the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities arising from all leases with terms, as defined by the guidance, of greater than twelve months. The guidance also requires disclosures of key information about the leasing arrangements. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, our fiscal 2020. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In November 2015, the FASB issued guidance that requires an entity to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, our fiscal 2018, and interim periods within those years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company adopted this standard, retrospectively, as of October 31, 2016. The changes in the effected income tax related balance sheet accounts at the prior year end were as follows:   

  In July 2015, the FASB issued guidance that requires an entity to measure inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, our fiscal 2018. Early adoption is permitted and the prospective transition method should be applied. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In April 2015, the FASB issued guidance requiring that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments in the new standard.  The standard requires retrospective application and will be effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, our fiscal year 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not believe adoption will have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued guidance changing the criteria for recognizing revenue, which was amended in 2015 to defer the effective date by one year. The guidance also modifies the related disclosure requirements, clarifies guidance for multiple-element arrangements and provides guidance for transactions that were not addressed fully in previous guidance. The guidance, as amended, is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, our fiscal 2019. Early adoption is permitted for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
   
  2. Inventories 
  Inventories consisted of the following: 
  
   48 

     Table of Contents  

3. Prepaid expenses 
  Prepaid expenses consisted of the following: 

4. Accrued expenses 
  Accrued expenses consisted of the following: 

5. Long-Term debt obligations 
  Long-term debt obligations consisted of the following: 

49 

     Table of Contents  

The Company is a party to a revolving credit facility dated April 24, 2015, with a maximum available borrowing capacity of    $750.0 million  . The facility has an annual capital expenditure limitation of   $100.0 million   for fiscal years 2016 through 2020, and permits up to   $15.0 million   of the unused capital expenditure limitation from the prior fiscal year to be carried over to the next fiscal year. The capital expenditure limitation for fiscal 2016 is   $115.0 million  . The credit facility also permits the Company to spend up to   $160.0 million   in capital expenditures on the construction of the new poultry complex in St. Pauls, North Carolina, and up to   $175.0 million   in capital expenditures on the construction of a potential additional new poultry complex, which expenditures are in addition to the annual capital expenditure limits. In addition to the annual capital expenditure limits, the credit facility permits the Company to spend up to   $15.0 million   in capital expenditures on the acquisition of a new aircraft, and that provision was utilized during fiscal 2015 and the first quarter of fiscal 2016. Under the facility, the Company may not exceed a maximum debt to total capitalization ratio of   50%  . The Company has a one-time right, at any time during the term of the agreement, to increase the maximum debt to total capitalization ratio then in effect by   five   percentage points in connection with the construction of either the St. Pauls, North Carolina complex or a second potential new poultry complex for the four fiscal quarters beginning on the first day of the fiscal quarter during which the Company gives written notice of its intent to exercise this right. The Company has not exercised this right. The facility also sets a minimum net worth requirement that at   October 31, 2016  , was   $833.1 million  . The credit is unsecured and, unless extended, will expire on April 24, 2020. As of October 31 and   December 8, 2016  , the Company had   zero   outstanding draws under the facility, and had approximately   $16.3 million   outstanding in letters of credit, leaving   $733.7   million available under the facility. 
  The Company has the option to borrow funds under the revolving line of credit based on the Prime interest rate or the Libor interest rate plus a spread ranging from   0.25%   to   1.50%  . The spread on Libor borrowings and the commitment fee for the unused balance of the revolving credit agreement are determined based upon the Company s leverage ratio as follows: 

6. Income Taxes 
  Income tax expense consisted of the following: 

Significant components of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities are outlined below. During fiscal 2016, the Company retrospectively adopted Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-17, "Income Taxes - Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes," which requires an entity to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent. Refer to the "Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards" sub-section of the Significant Accounting Policies footnote for a description of the resulting reclassification to the related balance sheet items previously reported as of October 31, 2015. 
  
   50 

     Table of Contents  

The increase in the Company's deferred tax liability is primarily attributable to legislation enacted during the first quarter of fiscal 2016 which allowed for bonus depreciation to be taken on qualifying assets placed in service during the 2015 calendar year and the Company's decision to take advantage of the legislation. 
  Included in the deferred tax assets at   October 31, 2016  , are North Carolina Investing in Business Property Credit and North Carolina Jobs Credits totaling   $12,351,000  , as well as Georgia Job Tax Credits totaling   $2,878,000  . The North Carolina Investing in Business Property Credit provides a   7%   investment tax credit for property located in a North Carolina development area, the North Carolina Creating Jobs Credit provides a tax credit for increased employment in North Carolina, and the Georgia Job Tax Credit provides a tax credit for creation and retention of qualifying jobs in Georgia. It is management s opinion that the majority of the North Carolina and Georgia income tax credits will not be utilized before they expire, and a   $14,529,000   valuation allowance has been recorded. These credits expire between fiscal years   2017   and   2023  . 
  At the end of each reporting period, the Company evaluates all available information at that time to determine if it is more likely than not that some or all of these credits will be utilized. As of   October 31, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  , the Company determined that a total of   $700,000  ,   $350,000  , and   $633,000  , respectively, would be recovered. Accordingly, those amounts were released from the valuation allowance and benefited deferred tax expense in the respective periods.  
  The differences between the consolidated effective income tax rate and the federal statutory rate of   35.0%   are as follows: 

7. Earnings Per Share 
  
   51 

     Table of Contents  

Certain share-based payment awards entitling holders to receive non-forfeitable dividends before vesting are considered participating securities and thus included in the calculation of basic earnings per share, to the extent they are dilutive. These awards are included in the calculation of basic earnings per share under the two-class method. The two-class method allocates earnings for the period between common shareholders and other security holders. The participating awards receiving dividends are allocated the same amount of income as if they were outstanding shares. 
  The following table presents earnings per share (in thousands). 

8. Employee Benefit Plans 
  The Company has an Employee Stock Ownership Plan ( ESOP ) covering substantially all employees. Contributions to the ESOP are made in cash at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors. Total contributions to the ESOP were   $12,300,000  ,   $15,000,000  , and   $15,000,000   in fiscal   2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  , respectively. Contributions to the ESOP vary in amount, as the contributions are based on profitability.  
  The Company has a 401(k) Plan which covers substantially all employees after one year of service. Participants in the Plan may contribute up to the maximum allowed by Internal Revenue Service regulations. The Company matches   100%   of employee contributions to the 401(k) Plan up to   3%   of each employee s salary, and   50%   of employee contributions between   3%   and   5%   of each employee s salary. The Company s contributions to the 401(k) Plan totaled   $7,404,000   in fiscal   2016  ;   $6,670,000   in fiscal   2015  ; and    $6,058,000   in fiscal   2014  . 
   
  9. Stock Compensation Plans 
  On February 17, 2005, the shareholders of the Company approved the Sanderson Farms, Inc. and Affiliates Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ). The Plan allows the Company s Board of Directors to grant certain incentive awards including stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, and other similar awards. The Company was authorized to award up to   2,250,000   shares under the Plan. On February 17, 2011, the shareholders approved changes to the plan to increase the shares that may be issued under the plan from   2,250,000   to   3,500,000   shares and to increase the number of shares that may be granted in the form of restricted stock from   562,500   to   1,562,500   shares. On February 11, 2016, the shareholders approved the authorization of an additional   700,000   shares issuable under plan, for a total of   4,200,000   authorized shares. The shareholders also approved an increase in the number of shares issuable as restricted stock from   1,562,500   to   2,112,500   shares.  
  Pursuant to the Plan, the Company s Board of Directors approves agreements for the issuance of restricted stock to directors, executive officers and other key employees. Restricted stock granted in fiscal   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , vests   three   to   four   years from the date of grant. The vesting schedule is accelerated upon death, disability, the participant s termination of employment after reaching retirement eligibility, by reason of retirement, or upon a change in control, as defined. Restricted stock grants are valued based upon the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant and are recognized as compensation expense over the vesting period. Compensation expense related to restricted stock grants totaled   $6,459,000  ;   $6,452,000  ; and   $4,831,000   during fiscal   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. 
  A summary of the Company s restricted stock activity and related information is as follows: 
  
   52 

     Table of Contents  

The Company had   $9.0 million   in unrecognized share-based compensation costs related to the   293,810   unvested shares as of   October 31, 2016  , that will be recognized over a weighted average period of   1 year, 9 months  .  
  Also pursuant to the Plan, the Company s Board of Directors approves Management Share Purchase Plan agreements (the  Purchase Plan ) that authorize the issuance of shares of restricted stock to the Company s directors, executive officers and other key employees. Pursuant to the Purchase Plan, non-employee directors may elect to receive up to   100 percent   of their annual retainer and meeting fees in the form of restricted stock. Other participants may elect to receive up to   15 percent   of their salary and up to   75 percent   of any bonus earned in the form of restricted stock. The purchase price of the restricted stock is the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the date of purchase. The Company makes matching contributions of   25 percent   of the restricted shares purchased by participants. Restricted stock issued pursuant to the Purchase Plan vests after three years or immediately upon death, disability, or change in control, as defined. If an employee terminates employment after attaining eligibility for retirement, or a non-employee director retires upon the expiration of his or her board term, the participant s Purchase Plan shares vest immediately. If a participant s employment or service as a director is terminated for any other reason prior to the   three  -year vesting period, the participant forfeits the matching contribution and the Company may, at its option, repurchase restricted stock purchased by the participant at the price paid by the participant. Matching contributions are recognized as compensation expense over the vesting period. During fiscal   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , the participants purchased a total of   15,075  ;   15,395  ; and   12,823   shares of restricted stock pursuant to the Purchase Plan, valued at an average price of  $84.71  ,   $78.53  , and   $80.80  , per share, respectively, and the Company issued   3,650  ;   3,734  ; and   3,101   matching shares, valued at an average price of   $84.71  ,   $78.53  , and   $80.80   per share, respectively. During fiscal   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , the participants vested in a total of   16,746  ;   21,540  ; and   24,445   shares of restricted stock pursuant to the Purchase Plan, valued at an average price of   $57.41  ,   $51.06  , and   $43.98  , per share, respectively. During fiscal   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , the participants forfeited a total of   484  ;   112  ; and   1,523   shares of restricted stock pursuant to the Purchase Plan, respectively. Compensation expense related to the Company s matching contribution totaled approximately   $313,000  ,   $297,000   and   $199,000   in fiscal   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. 
  During fiscal   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , the Company entered into performance share agreements that grant certain officers and key employees the right to receive shares of the Company s common stock, subject to the Company s achievement of certain performance measures. The performance share agreements specify a target number of shares that a participant can receive based upon the Company s average return on equity and average return on sales, as defined, during a   two  -year performance period beginning November 1 of each performance period. Although the performance share agreements have a   two  -year performance period, they are subject to an additional   one   year period during which the participant must remain employed by the Company before they are paid out. If the Company s average return on equity and average return on sales exceed certain threshold amounts for the performance period, participants will receive   50 percent   to   200 percent   of the target number of shares, depending upon the Company s level of performance. The target number of shares specified in the performance share agreements executed during fiscal 2016 totaled   83,875  .  As of October 31, 2016, the Company could not determine that achievement of the applicable performance based criteria is probable due to the uncertainties discussed below, and therefore recorded no compensation expense related to those agreements.  
  
   53 

     Table of Contents  

The Company also has performance share agreements in place with certain officers and key employees that were entered into during fiscal 2015. During fiscal 2016, the Company determined based on combined results of fiscal 2015 and 2016, that achievement of the applicable performance based criteria for the fiscal 2015 agreements is probable at a level between the target and maximum levels. Accordingly, fiscal 2016 includes compensation expense of   $5,876,000  , as compared to   no   compensation expense recorded during fiscal 2015 related to the fiscal 2015 agreements. As of October 31, 2016, the aggregate number of shares estimated to be awarded related to the fiscal 2015 performance share agreements totaled   103,974   shares. Since the performance period for those agreements has ended, the actual number of shares that will be awarded can change only due to potential forfeitures during the remaining twelve months of the service period ending October 31, 2017.  
  The Compensation Committee of the Company's Board of Directors has determined that the performance shares granted November 1, 2013, have been earned at the maximum level. Accordingly, fiscal 2016 includes compensation expense of   $3,165,000  , related to those agreements, as compared to   $6,428,000   during fiscal 2015. Because management's initial determination of probability was made during fiscal 2015, and because adjustments to the accrual are made using the cumulative catch up method of accounting, the compensation expense recorded during fiscal 2015 related to the agreements entered into on November 1, 2013, was greater than that recorded during fiscal 2016. A total of   146,169   shares from the fiscal 2014 agreements vested and were issued on October 31, 2016.  
  In estimating the compensation expense to record in a period, the Company considers, among other factors, current and projected grain costs and chicken volumes and pricing, as well as the amount of the Company's commitments to procure grain at a fixed price throughout the performance period. Due to the high level of volatility of these commodity prices and the impact that the change in pricing can have on the Company s results, the Company s assessment of probability can change from period to period and can result in a significant revision to the amounts accrued related to the arrangements. Had the Company determined that it was probable that the maximum amount of those outstanding awards from the fiscal 2016 agreements would be earned, an additional   $3.8 million   would have been accrued as of   October 31, 2016  . 
  A summary of the Company's compensation cost related to performance share agreements is as follows (in thousands): 

10. Commitments and Contingencies 
  The Company has approximately   13,232   employees, approximately   13.3%   of whom are covered by collective bargaining agreements. Each collective bargaining agreement has a grievance procedure and no strike-no lockout clauses that should assist in maintaining stable labor relations at the applicable facility. 
  The Company has vehicle and equipment operating leases that expire at various dates through fiscal   2021  . Rental expense under these leases totaled approximately   $13.7 million  ,   $11.6 million  , and   $9.0 million   during fiscal   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. The minimum lease payments of obligations under non-cancelable operating leases at   October 31, 2016   were as follows (in millions): 

54 

     Table of Contents  

At   October 31, 2016  , the Company s estimated contractual obligations for feed grains, feed ingredients, and packaging supplies totaled   $79.6 million  , with the entire amount due in less than one year. 
  In March 2015, the Company announced the selection of sites in and near St. Pauls, North Carolina, for the construction of its newest poultry complex. The completed complex will consist of a hatchery, processing plant, wastewater treatment facility, and an expansion of the Company's existing feed mill in Kinston, North Carolina.  Construction began in July 2015, and initial operations of the new complex are expected to begin during the first quarter of fiscal 2017. The Company estimates the total investment in the complex will be approximately   $155.0 million  . As of October 31, 2016, the Company has spent approximately   $135.6 million   on the project, including approximately   $265,000   of capitalized interest, and we are obligated to spend the remaining approximate   $19.4 million   during the first half of fiscal 2017. The amounts and timing of the remaining expenditures are estimates and are subject to change as the project moves toward completion. 
  Between September 2, 2016 and October 13, 2016, Sanderson Farms, Inc. and our subsidiaries were named as defendants, along with 13 other poultry producers and certain of their affiliated companies, in multiple putative class action lawsuits filed by direct and indirect purchasers of broiler chickens in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. The complaints allege that the defendants conspired to unlawfully fix, raise, maintain and stabilize the price of broiler chickens, thereby violating federal and certain states' antitrust laws, and also allege certain related state-law claims. The complaints also allege that the defendants fraudulently concealed the alleged anticompetitive conduct in furtherance of the conspiracy. The complaints seek damages, including treble damages for the antitrust claims, injunctive relief, costs and attorneys  fees. The court has consolidated each of the direct purchaser complaints into one case, and each of the indirect purchaser complaints into one case. On October 28, 2016, the plaintiffs filed consolidated, amended complaints in each case, and on November 23, 2016, the plaintiffs filed second amended complaints. The lawsuits are in the earliest stages and we intend to defend them vigorously; however, the Company cannot predict the outcome of these actions. If the plaintiffs were to prevail, the Company could be liable for damages, which could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. 
  Sanderson Farms, Inc.; Joe F. Sanderson, Jr., the Chairman of the Registrant s Board of Directors and its Chief Executive Officer; and D. Michael Cockrell, director and Chief Financial Officer, were named as defendants in a putative class action lawsuit filed on October 28, 2016, in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The complaint alleges that the defendants made statements in the Registrant s SEC filings and press releases, and other public statements, that were materially false and misleading in light of the Registrant s alleged, undisclosed violation of the federal antitrust laws described above. The complaint also alleges that the material misstatements were made in order to, among other things,  artificially inflate and maintain the market price of Sanderson Farms securities.  The complaint alleges the defendants thereby violated the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), including Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, and seeks damages, interest, costs and attorneys  fees. The lawsuit is in its earliest stage and the defendants intend to defend it vigorously; however, the Company cannot predict the outcome of these actions. If the plaintiffs were to prevail, the Company could be liable for damages, which could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. 
  The Company is involved in various other claims and litigation incidental to its business. Although the outcome of these matters cannot be determined with certainty, management, upon the advice of counsel, is of the opinion that the final outcome of any currently pending claim, other than those discussed above, should not have a material effect on the Company s consolidated results of operations or financial position. 
  The Company recognizes the costs of legal defense for the legal proceedings to which it is a party in the periods incurred. After a considerable analysis of each case, the Company determines the amount of reserves required, if any. At this time, the Company has not accrued any reserve for any of these matters. Future reserves may be required if losses are deemed reasonably estimable and probable due to changes in the Company s assumptions, the effectiveness of legal strategies, or other factors beyond the Company s control. Future results of operations may be materially affected by the creation of reserves or by accruals of losses to reflect any adverse determinations in these legal proceedings. 
   
  11. Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited) 
  
   55 

     Table of Contents  

Sanderson Farms, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
  Schedule II 

_________________ 
           (1) 
    Uncollectible accounts written off, net of recoveries 
     
   56 

Table of Contents  

Item 9. 
    Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
     Not applicable. 
   
           Item 9A. 
    Controls and Procedures 
     Disclosure Controls 
  The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s Securities Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
  As of   October 31, 2016  , an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of   October 31, 2016  .  
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
  There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter ended   October 31, 2016  , that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
  Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
  The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s management has assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of   October 31, 2016  . In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control   Integrated Framework (2013 framework). Based on our assessment we have concluded that, as of   October 31, 2016  , the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria.  
  Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 
  Our independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst   Young LLP, has provided an attestation report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of   October 31, 2016  . 
   
           Item 9B. 
    Other Information 
     Not applicable. 
  
   57 

Table of Contents  

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
  The Board of Directors and Stockholders 
  Sanderson Farms, Inc. 
  We have audited Sanderson Farms, Inc. and subsidiaries' internal control over financial reporting as of   October 31, 2016  , based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). Sanderson Farms, Inc. and subsidiaries' management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
  We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
  A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
  Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
  In our opinion, Sanderson Farms, Inc. and subsidiaries maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of   October 31, 2016  , based on the COSO criteria. 
  We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Sanderson Farms, Inc. and subsidiaries as of   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders  equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended   October 31, 2016  , of Sanderson Farms, Inc. and subsidiaries, and our report dated   December 15, 2016  , expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
    
               /s/ Ernst   Young LLP 

New Orleans, Louisiana 
  December 15, 2016    
  
   58 

Table of Contents  

PART III 
   
           Item 10. 
    Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
     As permitted by General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K, reference is made to the information concerning the Directors of the Registrant and the nominees for election as Directors appearing in the Registrant s definitive proxy statement filed or to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 14a-6(b). Such information is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive proxy statement. 
  Information concerning the executive officers of the Registrant is set forth in Item 4A of Part I of this Annual Report. 
  The Registrant also incorporates by reference, as permitted by General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K, information appearing in its definitive proxy statement filed or to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 14a-6(b) related to the filing of reports under Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
  The Registrant has a standing audit committee established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act, whose members are John H. Baker, III (Vice Chairman), Fred Banks, Jr., Robert C. Khayat, Phil K. Livingston, Dianne Mooney, Gail J. Pittman and Charles W. Ritter, Jr. (Chairman). All members of the audit committee are independent directors under the listing standards of the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC. The Registrant s Board of Directors has determined that Phil K. Livingston is an audit committee financial expert. 
  The Registrant has adopted a code of ethics that applies to its senior financial personnel, including its chief executive officer, chief financial officer and chief accounting officer. The Registrant will provide a copy of the code of ethics free of charge to any person upon request to: 
  Sanderson Farms, Inc. 
  P.O. Box 988 
  Laurel, Mississippi 39441 
  Attn.: Chief Financial Officer 
  Requests can also be made by phone at (601) 649-4030. 
   
           Item 11. 
    Executive Compensation 
     As permitted by General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K, reference is made to the information concerning remuneration of Directors and executive officers of the Registrant appearing in the Registrant s definitive proxy statement filed or to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 14a-6(b). Such information is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive proxy statement. 
   
           Item 12. 
    Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
     As permitted by General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K, reference is made to the information concerning beneficial ownership of the Registrant s Common Stock, which is the only class of the Registrant s voting securities, appearing in the Registrant s definitive proxy statement filed or to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 14a-6(b). Such information is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive proxy statement. 
  The following table provides information as of   October 31, 2016  , with respect to compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which equity securities of the Registrant are authorized for issuance. The Registrant has no equity compensation plan not approved by security holders. All outstanding awards were issued under the Registrant s Stock Incentive Plan approved by shareholders on February 17, 2005, as most recently amended and approved by shareholders on February 11, 2016. No further options or other awards may be granted under the Stock Option Plan. There are 4,200,000 shares of common stock authorized for issuance under the Stock Incentive Plan. 

59 

     Table of Contents  

Plan category 
    (a) Number of 
  securities to be issued 
  upon exercise of 
  outstanding options, 
  warrants and 
  rights (1) 
      
    (b) Number of 
  securities remaining 
  available for future 
  issuance under equity 
  compensation plans 
  (excluding securities 
  reflected in column 
  (a)(2) 
      Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
    269,024 

848,233 
      
      Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 
    269,024 

848,233 

_________________ 
           (1) 
    This column reflects 103,974 performance shares outstanding at   October 31, 2016  , that have been earned and that are subject to an additional one year, service-based vesting period ending on   October 31, 2017  , before they can be issued, and 165,050 unearned performance shares at   October 31, 2016  , at the maximum level. However, management could not determine that achievement of the applicable performance based criteria is probable for those unearned performance shares. This column does not include the 146,169 fiscal 2014 performance shares that were issued on October 31, 2016.  
              (2) 
    This column reflects the 1,158,038 shares of restricted stock granted to participants under the Stock Incentive Plan, the 271,424 shares of restricted stock purchased by or granted to participants under the MSPP provisions of the Stock Incentive Plan, the 679,631 earned performance shares that have been issued or are expected to be issued under the Stock Incentive Plan, and the 165,050 unearned outstanding performance shares that could be earned as described in footnote (1) above, in each case since the inception of the plan and net of forfeitures, but including shares withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations. 
      
           Item 13. 
    Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
     As permitted by General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K, information, if any, required to be reported by Item 13 of Form 10-K, with respect to transactions with management and others, certain business relationships, indebtedness of management, and transactions with promoters, is set forth in the Registrant s definitive proxy statement filed or to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 14a-6(b). Such information, if any, is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive proxy statement. 
   
           Item 14. 
    Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
     As permitted by General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K, information required to be reported by Item 14 of Form 10-K is set forth in the Registrant s definitive proxy statement filed or to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 14a-6(b). That information is incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. 
  
   60 

Table of Contents  

PART IV 
   
           Item 15. 
    Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
              (a) 
    1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: 
     The following consolidated financial statements of the Registrant are included in Item 8: 
  Consolidated Balance Sheets     October 31, 2016   and   2015    
  Consolidated Statements of Operations   Years ended   October 31, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014    
  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity   Years ended   October 31, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014 
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   Years ended   October 31, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014 
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements     October 31, 2016 
           (a) 
    2. FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES: 
     The following consolidated financial statement schedules of the Registrant are included in Item 8: 
  Schedule II   Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
  All other schedules are omitted as they are not required, are not applicable or the required information is set forth in the Financial Statements or notes thereto. 
           (a) 
    3. EXHIBITS: 
     The following exhibits are filed with this Annual Report or are incorporated herein by reference: 

61 

     Table of Contents  

Exhibit 
  Number 
      
    Description 
      10.9+ 
      
    Sanderson Farms, Inc. and Affiliates Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated on February 17, 2011. (Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Registrant s definitive proxy statement filed on January 14, 2011, for its annual meeting held February 17, 2011.) 

10.10+ 
      
    Sanderson Farms, Inc. and Affiliates Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated on February 11, 2016. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant's registration statement on Form S-8 filed by the Registrant on February 11, 2016, Registration No. 333-209481.) 

10.11+ 
      
    Sanderson Farms, Inc. Bonus Award Program Effective November 1, 2014.  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on January 26, 2015.) 

10.12+ 
      
    Sanderson Farms, Inc. Bonus Award Program Effective November 1, 2015.  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on January 25, 2016.) 

10.13+ 
      
    Sanderson Farms, Inc. Supplemental Disability Plan effective September 1, 2008. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 1, 2008). 

10.14+ 
      
    Form of Share Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and its non-employee directors who participate in its management share purchase plan, as amended. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2007.) 

10.15+ 
      
    Form of Share Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and its officers and employees who participate in its management share purchase plan, as amended. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended April 30, 2008.) 

10.16+ 
      
    Form of Restricted Stock Agreement between the Registrant and its officers and employees who are granted restricted stock with a four-year vesting period (for awards granted after August 2009 through fiscal 2013). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2009.) 

10.17+ 
      
    Form of Restricted Stock Agreement between the Registrant and its officers and employees who are granted restricted stock with a four-year vesting period (for awards granted on or after November 1, 2013).  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2013.) 

10.18+ 
      
    Form of Restricted Stock Agreement between the Registrant and its non-employee directors who are granted restricted stock, as amended. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2007.) 

10.19+ 
      
    Form of Performance Share Agreement between the Registrant and its employees who are granted performance shares (for fiscal 2014).  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2013.) 

10.20+ 
      
    Form of Performance Share Agreement between the Registrant and its employees who are granted performance shares (for fiscal 2015).  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2014.) 

10.21+ 
      
    Form of Performance Share Agreement between the Registrant and its employees who are granted performance shares (for fiscal 2016).  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2015.) 

10.22+* 
      
    Form of Performance Share Agreement between the Registrant and its employees who are granted performance shares (for fiscal 2017). 

10.23+ 
      
    Employment Agreement dated as of November 1, 2015 between the Registrant and Joe F. Sanderson, Jr. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A on January 13, 2016.) 

10.24+ 
      
    Employment Agreement dated as of November 1, 2015 between the Registrant and Lampkin Butts. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A on January 13, 2016.) 

10.25+ 
      
    Employment Agreement dated as of November 1, 2015 between the Registrant and D. Michael Cockrell. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on November 2, 2015.) 

10.26 
      
    Memorandum of Agreement dated June 13, 1989, between Pike County, Mississippi and the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-L filed with the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 1990.) 

62 

     Table of Contents  

Exhibit 
  Number 
      
    Description 
      10.27 
      
    Wastewater Treatment Agreement between the City of Magnolia, Mississippi and the Registrant dated August 19, 1991. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-M filed with the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 1991.) 

10.28 
      
    Memorandum of Agreement and Purchase Option between Pike County, Mississippi and the Registrant dated May 1991. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-N filed with the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 1991.) 

10.29 
      
    Lease Agreement between Pike County, Mississippi and the Registrant dated as of November 1, 1992. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-M filed with the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 1993.) 

10.30 
      
    Lease Agreement dated as of December 1, 2004, between Moultrie-Colquitt County Development Authority, as Lessor, and Sanderson Farms, Inc. (Processing Division) as Lessee. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2005.) 

10.31 
      
    Bond Purchase Loan Agreement between Moultrie-Colquitt County Development Authority, as Issuer, and Sanderson Farms, Inc. (Processing Division), as Purchaser. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2005.) 

10.32 
      
    Credit Agreement dated April 24, 2015 among Sanderson Farms, Inc. and BMO Harris Bank N.A. as Agent for the Banks defined therein. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K on April 29, 2015.) 

10.33 
      
    Guaranty Agreement dated April 24, 2015 of Sanderson Farms, Inc. (Foods Division), Sanderson Farms, Inc. (Production Division) and Sanderson Farms, Inc. (Processing Division). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 29, 2015.) 

10.34 
      
    Note Purchase Agreement dated as of April 28, 2006, between Sanderson Farms, Inc. and Northwest Farm Credit Services, PCA. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 3, 2006.) 

10.35 
      
    Guarantee Agreement dated as of April 28, 2006, of Sanderson Farms, Inc. (Foods Division). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 3, 2006.) 

10.36 
      
    Guarantee Agreement dated as of April 28, 2006, of Sanderson Farms, Inc. (Production Division). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 3, 2006.) 

10.37 
      
    Guarantee Agreement dated as of April 28, 2006, of Sanderson Farms, Inc. (Processing Division). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 3, 2006.) 

10.38 
      
    Intercreditor Agreement dated as of April 28, 2006, among The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company, Northwest Farm Credit Services, PCA, Harris N.A., SunTrust Bank, AmSouth Bank, U.S. Bank National Association, Regions Bank, and Trustmark National Bank. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 3, 2006.) 

10.39 
      
    Lease Agreement dated as of July 1, 2006, between Adel Industrial Development Authority as Lessor, and Sanderson Farms, Inc. (Production Division) as Lessee. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2006.) 

10.40 
      
    Bond Purchase Agreement dated as of July 31, 2006, between Sanderson Farms, Inc. (Production Division) as Purchaser and Adel Industrial Development Authority as Issuer. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2006.) 

21 
      
    List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2002.) 

23* 
      
    Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

31.1* 
      
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 

31.2* 
      
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 

32.1** 
      
    Section 1350 Certification. 

32.2** 
      
    Section 1350 Certification. 

63 

     Table of Contents  

Exhibit 
  Number 
      
    Description 
      101.INS 
      
    XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

* 
    Filed herewith. 
              ** 
    Furnished herewith. 
              + 
    Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
     QUALIFICATION BY REFERENCE 
  Any statement contained in this Annual Report concerning the contents of any contract or other document filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report or incorporated herein by reference is not necessarily complete, and in each instance reference is made to the copy of the document filed. 
  
   64 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
    
                   SANDERSON FARMS, INC. 

By: 
      
    /s/ Joe F. Sanderson, Jr. 

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

Date:   December 15, 2016    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and as of the dates indicated. 

65 

     Table of Contents  

66 

Table of Contents  

EXHIBITS: 
  The following exhibits are filed with this Annual Report or are incorporated herein by reference: 
                   Exhibit 
  Number 
      
    Description 

3.1 
      
    Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 filed with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended on July 31, 2015.) 

3.2 
      
    By-Laws of the Registrant, amended and restated as of February 13, 2014. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3 filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on February 20, 2014.) 

10.1 
      
    Contract dated July 31, 1964, between the Registrant and the City of Laurel, Mississippi. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-D filed with the registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on April 3, 1987, Registration No. 33-13141.) 

10.2 
      
    Contract Amendment dated December 1, 1970, between the Registrant and the City of Laurel, Mississippi. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-D-1 filed with the registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on April 3, 1987, Registration No. 33-13141.) 

10.3 
      
    Contract Amendment dated June 11, 1985, between the Registrant and the City of Laurel, Mississippi. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-D-2 filed with the registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on April 3, 1987, Registration No. 33-13141.) 

10.4 
      
    Contract Amendment dated October 7, 1986, between the Registrant and the City of Laurel, Mississippi. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-D-3 filed with the registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on April 3, 1987, Registration No. 33-13141.) 

10.5+ 
      
    Sanderson Farms, Inc. and Affiliates Employee Stock Ownership Plan, as amended and restated effective November 1, 2013.  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2013.) 

10.6+* 
      
    First Amendment to the Sanderson Farms, Inc. and Affiliates Employee Stock Ownership Plan dated as of July 23, 2014. 

10.7+* 
      
    Second Amendment to the Sanderson Farms, Inc. and Affiliates Employee Stock Ownership Plan dated as of May 2, 2016. 

10.8+* 
      
    Third Amendment to the Sanderson Farms, Inc. and Affiliates Employee Stock Ownership Plan dated as of October 20, 2016. 

10.9+ 
      
    Sanderson Farms, Inc. and Affiliates Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated on February 17, 2011. (Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Registrant s definitive proxy statement filed on January 14, 2011, for its annual meeting held February 17, 2011.) 

10.10+ 
      
    Sanderson Farms, Inc. and Affiliates Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated on February 11, 2016. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant's registration statement on Form S-8 filed by the Registrant on February 11, 2016, Registration No. 333-209481.) 

10.11+ 
      
    Sanderson Farms, Inc. Bonus Award Program Effective November 1, 2014.  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on January 26, 2015.) 

10.12+ 
      
    Sanderson Farms, Inc. Bonus Award Program Effective November 1, 2015.  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on January 25, 2016.) 

10.13+ 
      
    Sanderson Farms, Inc. Supplemental Disability Plan effective September 1, 2008. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 1, 2008). 

10.14+ 
      
    Form of Share Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and its non-employee directors who participate in its management share purchase plan, as amended. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2007.) 

10.15+ 
      
    Form of Share Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and its officers and employees who participate in its management share purchase plan, as amended. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended April 30, 2008.) 

10.16+ 
      
    Form of Restricted Stock Agreement between the Registrant and its officers and employees who are granted restricted stock with a four-year vesting period (for awards granted after August 2009 through fiscal 2013). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2009.) 

67 

     Table of Contents  

10.17+ 
      
    Form of Restricted Stock Agreement between the Registrant and its officers and employees who are granted restricted stock with a four-year vesting period (for awards granted on or after November 1, 2013).  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2013.) 

10.18+ 
      
    Form of Restricted Stock Agreement between the Registrant and its non-employee directors who are granted restricted stock, as amended. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2007.) 

10.19+ 
      
    Form of Performance Share Agreement between the Registrant and its employees who are granted performance shares (for fiscal 2014).  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2013.) 

10.20+ 
      
    Form of Performance Share Agreement between the Registrant and its employees who are granted performance shares (for fiscal 2015).  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2014.) 

10.21+ 
      
    Form of Performance Share Agreement between the Registrant and its employees who are granted performance shares (for fiscal 2016). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2015.) 

10.22+* 
      
    Form of Performance Share Agreement between the Registrant and its employees who are granted performance shares (for fiscal 2017). 

10.23+ 
      
    Employment Agreement dated as of November 1, 2015 between the Registrant and Joe F. Sanderson, Jr. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A on January 13, 2016.) 

10.24+ 
      
    Employment Agreement dated as of November 1, 2015 between the Registrant and Lampkin Butts. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A on January 13, 2016.) 

10.25+ 
      
    Employment Agreement dated as of November 1, 2015 between the Registrant and D. Michael Cockrell. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on November 2, 2015.) 

10.26 
      
    Memorandum of Agreement dated June 13, 1989, between Pike County, Mississippi and the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-L filed with the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 1990.) 

10.27 
      
    Wastewater Treatment Agreement between the City of Magnolia, Mississippi and the Registrant dated August 19, 1991. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-M filed with the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 1991.) 

10.28 
      
    Memorandum of Agreement and Purchase Option between Pike County, Mississippi and the Registrant dated May 1991. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-N filed with the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 1991.) 

10.29 
      
    Lease Agreement between Pike County, Mississippi and the Registrant dated as of November 1, 1992. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-M filed with the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 1993.) 

10.30 
      
    Lease Agreement dated as of December 1, 2004, between Moultrie-Colquitt County Development Authority, as Lessor, and Sanderson Farms, Inc. (Processing Division) as Lessee. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2005.) 

10.31 
      
    Bond Purchase Loan Agreement between Moultrie-Colquitt County Development Authority, as Issuer, and Sanderson Farms, Inc. (Processing Division), as Purchaser. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2005.) 

10.32 
      
    Credit Agreement dated April 24, 2015 among Sanderson Farms, Inc. and BMO Harris Bank N.A. as Agent for the Banks defined therein. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K on April 29, 2015.) 

10.33 
      
    Guaranty Agreement dated April 24, 2015 of Sanderson Farms, Inc. (Foods Division), Sanderson Farms, Inc. (Production Division) and Sanderson Farms, Inc. (Processing Division). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 29, 2015.) 

10.34 
      
    Note Purchase Agreement dated as of April 28, 2006, between Sanderson Farms, Inc. and Northwest Farm Credit Services, PCA. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 3, 2006.) 

68 

     Table of Contents  

10.35 
      
    Guarantee Agreement dated as of April 28, 2006, of Sanderson Farms, Inc. (Foods Division). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 3, 2006.) 

10.36 
      
    Guarantee Agreement dated as of April 28, 2006, of Sanderson Farms, Inc. (Production Division). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 3, 2006.) 

10.37 
      
    Guarantee Agreement dated as of April 28, 2006, of Sanderson Farms, Inc. (Processing Division). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 3, 2006.) 

10.38 
      
    Intercreditor Agreement dated as of April 28, 2006, among The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company, Northwest Farm Credit Services, PCA, Harris N.A., SunTrust Bank, AmSouth Bank, U.S. Bank National Association, Regions Bank, and Trustmark National Bank. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 3, 2006.) 

10.39 
      
    Lease Agreement dated as of July 1, 2006, between Adel Industrial Development Authority as Lessor, and Sanderson Farms, Inc. (Production Division) as Lessee. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2006.) 

10.40 
      
    Bond Purchase Agreement dated as of July 31, 2006, between Sanderson Farms, Inc. (Production Division) as Purchaser and Adel Industrial Development Authority as Issuer. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2006.) 

21 
      
    List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2002.) 

23* 
      
    Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

31.1* 
      
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 

31.2* 
      
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 

32.1** 
      
    Section 1350 Certification. 

32.2** 
      
    Section 1350 Certification. 

101.INS 
      
    XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

_________________ 
           * 
    Filed herewith. 
              ** 
    Furnished herewith. 
              + 
    Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

69 

<EX-10.6>
 2
 safm-20161031xex106.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.6

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.6 

FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE 
  SANDERSON FARMS, INC. AND AFFILIATES 
  EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP PLAN 
    
  THIS AMENDMENT is made and entered into by Sanderson Farms, Inc. (the  Corporation ) as set forth herein. 
  WHEREAS, the Corporation maintains the Sanderson Farms, Inc. and Affiliates Employee Stock Ownership Plan; and 
  WHEREAS, the Company desires to amend the Plan to     comply with IRS Notice 2014-19 regarding the application of the   U.S. v. Windsor   decision to qualified retirement plans.  
  NOW, THEREFORE, pursuant to the provisions of Section 12.1 of the Plan, the Plan is hereby amended, effective as of June 26, 2013, as follows: 
           1. 
    Section 13.2 of the Plan is revised to read as follows: 
     Section 13.12        Governing Law  . The Plan and all provisions thereof shall be construed, administered, and enforced in accordance with the Code,  ERISA, and the laws of State of Mississippi to the extent such state laws are not superseded, limited, or preempted by the Code, ERISA, or other applicable federal laws, regulations, or guidance.     
    
           2. 
    Except as otherwise provided in this First Amendment, the provisions of the Plan shall remain in full force and effect. 
       
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the undersigned has executed this First Amendment to the Plan on this   23rd   day of   July  , 2014. 

SANDERSON FARMS, INC. 

By:   /s/ D. Michael Cockrell 

0S0187-038943 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.7>
 3
 safm-20161031xex107.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.7

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.7 

SECOND AMENDMENT TO THE 
  SANDERSON FARMS, INC. AND AFFILIATES 
  EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP PLAN 
    
  THIS SECOND AMENDMENT is made and entered into by Sanderson Farms, Inc. (the  Corporation ) as set forth herein. 
  WHEREAS, the Corporation maintains the Sanderson Farms, Inc. and Affiliates Employee Stock Ownership Plan (the  Plan  and 
  WHEREAS, the Company desires to amend the Plan to revise the compensation, eligibility, and distribution provisions and to provide participants with the option to receive a distribution in cash with respect to certain distributions.  
  NOW, THEREFORE, pursuant to the provisions of Section 12.1 of the Plan, the Plan is hereby amended, effective as set forth herein, as follows: 
  1.  Effective as of November 1, 2016, Section 2.11 is revised to read as follows: 
  Section 2.11    Compensation    means, with respect to an Employee, all taxable remuneration received from the Employer in the whole or part of a Plan Year in which the Employee is a Participant hereunder, increased by any amounts that are not currently included in the Employee s gross income by reason of Code Sections 125, 132(f), 402(a)(8), or 402(h)(1)(B). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Compensation shall not include (a) performance incentive awards, (b) bonuses, (c) vested amounts under the Management Share Purchase Plan ( MSPP ) with respect to both employer and employee contributions; (d) vested amounts with respect to restricted stock; (e) vested amounts with respect to performance shares; (f) severance pay (regardless of whether it would constitute post-severance compensation); (g) cash dividends or stock dividends; (h) MSPP withholding returned upon termination of employment and prior to vesting of shares purchased and matched; (i) imputed income with respect to group-term life insurance; (j) gym fees; and (k) taxable reimbursements. Furthermore, Compensation shall not include any part of the Contributions to the Trust Fund hereunder, or to any other employee pension benefit plan or employee welfare benefit plan or trust in connection therewith, now or hereafter adopted, or any amounts in respect of any options to purchase stock granted Employees. No Employee shall be deemed to have Compensation for a Plan Year in excess of the limitation provided for under Code Section 401(a)(17)(B); the cost-of-living adjustment in effect for a calendar year shall apply to the annual compensation limit of Code Section 401(a)(17)(B) for the Plan Year that begins with or within such calendar year. 
  2.  Effective as of May 2, 2016, Section 2.15 is revised to read as follows: 
  
   -1- 
    
  0S0187-038943 

Exhibit 10.7 

Section 2.15    Distribution Date    means such annual or more frequent date(s) as designed by the Administrative Committee. 
  3.  Effective as of May 2, 2016, Section 2.44 is revised to read as follows:  
  Section 2.44       Valuation Date    means such annual or more frequent date(s) as designated by the Administrative Committee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Valuation Date of any transaction between the Plan and a disqualified person (within the meaning of Code Section 4975(e)(2)) shall be the date of the transaction. Furthermore, the Administrative Committee may designate different Valuation Dates for different purposes under the Plan. 
  4.  Effective as of November 1, 2015, Section 3.1(c) is revised to read as follows: 
           (c) 
    Notwithstanding (a) and (b) above, the following individuals shall not be eligible to participate in the Plan: 
              (1) 
    An Employee who is included in a unit of Employees covered by an agreement which the Secretary of Labor finds to be a collective bargaining agreement between Employee representatives and the Employer if there is evidence that retirement benefits were the subject of good faith bargaining between such Employee representatives and such one or more of the Employers, unless the collective bargaining agreement expressly permits the Employee s participation hereunder; 
              (2) 
    A Leased Employee; 
              (3) 
    Any individual who is classified as an independent contractor by an Employer, regardless of the classification placed on such person by the Internal Revenue Service or other governmental agency or a court of competent jurisdiction; or 
              (4) 
    A nonresident alien who receives no earned income from the Employer or an Affiliate that constitutes income from sources within the United States. 
     5.  Effective as of May 2, 2016, Section 5.7 is revised to read as follows: 
  Section 5.7   Statements  . The Administrative Committee shall upon information furnished by the Trustee, or the Trustee shall upon direction of the Administrative Committee, make reports to each Participant on an annual or more frequent basis showing the opening and closing balances in each of the Participant s Accounts for the applicable period and all transactions involving the Participant s Accounts for the applicable period. 
  6.  Effective as of May 2, 2016, the following sentence is added to the end of Section 7.2(a): 
  
   -2- 
    
  0S0187-038943 

Exhibit 10.7 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Participant may elect to receive his Stock Account entirely in cash.   
  7.  Effective as of May 2, 2016, Section 7.3 is revised to read as follows: 
  Section 7.3   Mandatory Distributions  . If, upon Termination of Employment for any reason, a Participant s vested Account balances do not exceed five thousand dollars ($5,000), then the Administrative Committee (or its designee) shall direct the Trustee to distribute the vested Account balances to the Participant without the Participant s consent as soon as practicable after the Distribution Date coincident with or next following the Participant s Termination of Employment. The Participant may elect to receive such distributions in cash. If the Participant does not elect to receive the distribution (including a direct rollover) and the vested Account balances are greater than one thousand dollars ($1,000), the Administrator will remit the Account balances to an individual retirement (IRA) designated by the Administrator.  
  8.  Effective as of May 2, 2016, the following sentence is added to the end of Section 7.5: 
  The Participant may elect to receive the distribution entirely in cash. 
  9.  Effective as of May 2, 2016, 7.9(a) is revised to read as follows: 
  A Participant who is fully vested in his Accounts may make written application to the Administrative Committee (or its designee) to withdraw all or part of the Participant's Account balances. Such an application shall be approved by the Administrative Committee (or its designee) only if the Administrative Committee (or its designee) shall determine that the withdrawal is necessary to satisfy an immediate and heavy financial need of the Participant. Distribution of such withdrawal shall be made to the Participant in a lump sum payment of whole shares of Qualifying Employer Securities, plus cash for fractional shares, as soon as practicable after the withdrawal is approved by the Administrative Committee (or its designee). The Participant may elect to receive the distribution entirely in cash. 
  10.  Effective as of May 2, 2016, Section 7.11 is revised to read as follows: 
  (a)    With respect to all Qualifying Employer Securities acquired after 1986, each Qualified Participant may elect, under the provisions of Code Section 401(a)(28)(B) within ninety (90) days after the close of each Plan Year in the Qualified Election Period, to direct the Plan with respect to the investment of at least twenty-five (25) percent of the Participant s Accounts hereunder (to the extent such portion exceeds the amount to which a prior election under this Section applies). In the case of the election year in which the Participant can make his last election, the preceding sentence shall be applied by substituting  fifty (50) percent  for  twenty-five (25) percent.  
  
   -3- 
    
  0S0187-038943 

Exhibit 10.7 

(b)    The term  Qualified Participant  means any employee who has completed at least ten (10) years of participation under the Plan and has attained age fifty-five (55). 
  (c)    The term  Qualified Election Period  means the six (6) Plan Years beginning with the Plan Year after the Plan Year in which the Participant attains age fifty-five (55) (or, if later, beginning with the Plan Year after the first Plan Year in which the individual first became a Qualified Participant). 
  (d)    In the event a Qualified Participant makes a diversification election with respect to his Accounts under the provisions of this Section, the Trustee shall either (1) distribute to the Participant the portion of the Participant s Accounts covered by the election within ninety (90) days after the period during which the election may be made, or (2)     if elected by the Participant, transfer of the portion of the Participant s account subject to the diversification election in cash to another qualified defined contribution plan of the Employer that offers at least three (3) distinct investment options. 
  (e)    Any distributions under this Section shall be made in whole shares of Qualifying Employer Securities, plus cash for fractional shares, unless the Participant elects to receive the distribution entirely in cash. 
  11.  Effective as of May 2, 2016, Section 7.12(c) is revised to read as follows: 
  (c)    An in-service distribution under this Section, including any such distribution that has commenced under Section 7.12(b), shall be distributed in whole shares of Qualifying Employer Securities, with the value of any fractional share paid in cash, and cash in proportion to the Participant s Stock Account balance and Cash Account balance; provided, however, that the Participant (1) shall have the right to demand that his Account balances be distributed in whole shares of Qualifying Employer Securities, with the value of any fractional share paid in cash, and (2) shall have the right to elect that the entire distribution be made in cash. An election for distribution of Accounts pursuant to this Section shall not terminate the Participant s right to participate in allocations of Contributions or Forfeitures hereunder. 
  12.  Effective as of May 2, 2016, Section 7.12(d) is revised to read as follows: 
  (d)    Notwithstanding paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above, (1) if a Participant who has elected in-service distributions pursuant to this Section Terminates Employment prior to receiving the entire amount of his Account balances, the Participant s remaining Account balances shall be distributed in accordance with Section 7.2 hereof; and (2) if a Participant who has elected in-service distributions pursuant to this Section has previously made or subsequently makes a diversification election pursuant to Section 7.11 hereof, then for each Plan Year with respect to which both elections are effective, there shall be distributed to such Participant or transferred to another qualified plan, if applicable, the greater of the amount required to be  
  
   -4- 
    
  0S0187-038943 

Exhibit 10.7 

distributed or transferred under the Section 7.11 election or the amount required to be distributed under Section 7.12. 
  13.  Except as otherwise provided in this Second Amendment, the provisions of the Plan shall remain in full force and effect. 
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the undersigned has executed this Second Amendment to the Plan on this   2nd   day of   May  , 2016, effective as set forth herein. 
    
    SANDERSON FARMS, INC. 

By:   /s/ D. Michael Cockrell 
  
   -5- 
    
  0S0187-038943 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.8>
 4
 safm-20161031xex108.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.8

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.8 

THIRD AMENDMENT TO THE 
  SANDERSON FARMS, INC. AND AFFILIATES 
  EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP PLAN 
    
  THIS THIRD AMENDMENT is made and entered into by Sanderson Farms, Inc. (the  Corporation ) as set forth herein. 
  WHEREAS, the Corporation maintains the Sanderson Farms, Inc. and Affiliates Employee Stock Ownership Plan (the  Plan  and 
  WHEREAS, the Corporation desires to amend the Plan to revise the mandatory distribution provisions.  
  NOW, THEREFORE, pursuant to the provisions of Section 12.1 of the Plan, the Plan is hereby amended, effective as of May 2, 2016, as follows: 
  1.  Section 7.3 is revised to read as follows: 
  Section 7.3   Mandatory Distributions  .  
           (a)  
    Subject to the requirements of subsection (c), if, upon Termination of Employment for any reason, a Participant s vested Account balance does not exceed one thousand dollars ($1,000), then the Administrative Committee shall direct the Trustee to distribute the vested Account balance to the Participant as soon as practicable after the Distribution Date coincident with or next following the Participant s Termination of Employment. 
              (b)  
    Subject to the requirements of subsection (c), if, upon Termination of Employment for any reason, a Participant s vested Account balance is greater than one thousand dollars ($1,000) but does not exceed five thousand dollars ($5,000), and the Participant does not timely request a distribution, then the Administrative Committee shall direct the Trustee to distribute the vested Account balance in a direct rollover to an Individual Retirement Account described in Code Section 408(a) designated by the Administrative Committee as soon as practicable after the Distribution Date coincident with or next following the Participant s Termination of Employment.  
              (c)  
    The Participant will receive advance notice of the distribution and the right to demand that the distribution be made in the form of whole shares of Qualifying Employer Securities with the value of any fractional shares paid in cash. Unless the Participant makes a timely demand that the distribution be made in the form of whole shares of  

0S0187-038943 

Exhibit 10.8 

Qualifying Employer Securities with the value of any fractional shares paid in cash, the distribution will be made entirely in cash.   
  2.  Except as otherwise provided in this Third Amendment, the provisions of the Plan shall remain in full force and effect. 
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the undersigned has executed this Third Amendment to the Plan on this   20th   day of   October  , 2016, effective as set forth herein. 
    
    SANDERSON FARMS, INC. 

By:   /s/ D. Michael Cockrell 

0S0187-038943 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.22>
 5
 safm-20161031xex1022.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.22

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.22  

SANDERSON FARMS, INC. 
    
  PERFORMANCE SHARE AGREEMENT 
                       
       This PERFORMANCE SHARE AGREEMENT (this "Agreement"), made and entered into as of the 1st day of November, 2016 (the "Grant Date"), by and between _____________  (the "Participant") and Sanderson Farms, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, the "Company"), sets forth the terms and conditions of a Performance Share Award issued pursuant to the Sanderson Farms, Inc. and Affiliates Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated on February 17, 2011 (the "Plan") and this Agreement. Any capitalized term used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Plan. 
    
       1.   Grant and Issuance of Performance Shares; Definition of Restricted Period. 
            ------------------------------------- 
    
            (a) As a reward for past service and in consideration of and as an incentive to the Participant s performance of future services on behalf of the Company, and for no additional consideration, the Company hereby grants to the Participant, as of the Grant Date, the right to receive at the end of the Restricted Period (hereinafter defined) that certain number of shares of the Company s common stock, par value $1.00 per share (the "Performance Shares"), determined in accordance with Section 2 below, subject to the further terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. The right to receive Performance Shares is subject to forfeiture as provided herein and may not be sold, exchanged, transferred, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of by the Participant, other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution of the state in which the Participant resides on the date of his death.  The  Performance Period  means the two fiscal years of the Company commencing November 1, 2016.   The  Restricted Period  means the three fiscal years of the Company commencing November 1, 2016.  
    
            (b) Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or the Plan, the right to receive Performance Shares shall vest and no longer be subject to forfeiture or any transfer restrictions hereunder at the end of the Restricted Period, so long as the Participant has remained continuously employed by the Company from the Grant Date through such date. 
    
            (c) In the event of (i) the Participant's termination of employment with the Company by reason of death or Disability, (ii) his termination of employment with the Company after his attainment of eligibility for retirement (as determined by the Board from time to time) by reason of retirement, or (iii) a Change of Control prior to the end of the Restricted Period, the Participant shall be entitled to receive, at the end of the Restricted Period, a pro rata portion of the number of Performance Shares to which he otherwise would have been entitled, determined in accordance with the ratio that the number of months the Participant was employed with the Company during the Performance Period bears to the total number of months in the Performance Period.  If the Participant s employment with the Company is terminated for any other reason, voluntarily or involuntarily, prior to the expiration of the Restricted Period, then the right to receive Performance Shares at the end of the Restricted Period shall immediately be forfeited. 
  
   1 

Exhibit 10.22  

(d) If the Board determines in good faith that the Participant has engaged in any Detrimental Activity during the period that the Participant is employed by the Company or during the two-year period following the Participant s voluntary termination of employment or his termination by the Company for Cause, then as of the date of the Board determination the Participant s right to receive Performance Shares shall be forfeited or, if the Performance Shares have already been issued, the Participant shall repay to the Company the fair market value of the Performance Shares as of their issue date.   
             
       2.   Issuance of Performance Shares. 
            ------------------ 
    
  (a)  The Participant s Performance Share Award is a function of his  Target ROE Award  and his  Target ROS Award,  calculated as set forth below.  The Participant s Target ROE Award is _____ Shares.  The Participant s Target ROS Award is ____ Shares. 
    
    (b)  At the end of the Performance Period, the Board (or its permitted delegate) will calculate the Company s Return on Equity for each of its fiscal years during the Performance Period and divide the sum by that number of years (the  Average ROE ).   Return on Equity  means (i) the Company s net after-tax income for the fiscal year in question, divided by (ii) the average of the shareholders  equity as of the end of the preceding fiscal year and the shareholders  equity as of the end of the fiscal year in question, in each case as shown in the Company s audited financial statements (provided that if there is any change in accounting standards used by the Company after the Grant Date, Return on Equity will be calculated without regard to such change).  The Participant s  Threshold ROE  is 9.9 percent; his  Target ROE  is 13.8 percent; and his  Maximum ROE  is 24.8 percent.  If, at the end of the Performance Period, the Company s Average ROE is equal to the Threshold ROE, the Participant will be entitled to receive 50 percent of the Target ROE Award; if the Company s Average ROE is equal to the Target ROE, the Participant will be entitled to receive 100 percent of the Target ROE Award; and if the Company s Average ROE is equal to or greater than the Maximum ROE, the Participant will be entitled to receive 200 percent of the Target ROE Award.  If the Company s Average ROE is otherwise between the Threshold ROE and the Maximum ROE, the number of Performance Shares that the Participant is entitled to receive will be calculated using a straight-line interpolation.  If the Company s Average ROE is less than the Threshold ROE, the Participant will not be entitled to receive any Shares as part of his Target ROE Award.  In no event will the Participant be entitled to receive pursuant to this Agreement more than 200 percent of the Target ROE Award. 
    
    (c)  Likewise, at the end of the Performance Period, the Board (or its permitted delegate) will calculate the Company s Return on Sales for each of its fiscal years during the Performance Period and divide the sum by that number of years (the  Average ROS ).   Return on Sales  means the Company s net after-tax income for the fiscal year in question divided by its net sales for such fiscal year, in each case as shown in the Company s audited financial statements (provided that if there is any change in accounting standards used by the Company after the Grant Date, Return on Sales will be calculated without regard to such change).  The Participant s  
  
   2 

Exhibit 10.22  

Threshold ROS  is 3.3 percent; his  Target ROS  is 3.8 percent; and his  Maximum ROS  is 5.7 percent.  If, at the end of the Performance Period, the Company s Average ROS is equal to the Threshold ROS, the Participant will be entitled to receive 50 percent of the Target ROS Award; if the Company s Average ROS is equal to the Target ROS, the Participant will be entitled to receive 100 percent of the Target ROS Award; and if the Company s Average ROS is equal to or greater than the Maximum ROS, the Participant will be entitled to receive 200 percent of the Target ROS Award.  If the Company s Average ROS is otherwise between the Threshold ROS and the Maximum ROS, the number of Performance Shares that the Participant is entitled to receive will be calculated using a straight-line interpolation.  If the Company s Average ROS is less than the Threshold ROS, the Participant will not be entitled to receive any Shares as part of his Target ROS Award.  In no event will the Participant be entitled to receive pursuant to this Agreement more than 200 percent of the Target ROS Award. 
    
  (d)  Within 30 days of the end of the Restricted  Period, certificates representing the Performance Shares that the Participant is entitled to receive shall be registered in the Participant s name and be delivered to the Participant (or an appropriate book entry shall be made), subject to Section 6 pertaining to the withholding of taxes and Section 14 pertaining to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act  provided, however, that the Board may cause such legend or legends to be placed on any such certificates as it may deem advisable under Applicable Law.  Fractional shares will be issued where necessary. Upon issuance, Performance Shares will be fully vested and transferable, except to the extent that their transfer is restricted by Applicable Law.  
    
  (e)  If this Performance Share Award is intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ), then prior to the issuance of the Performance Shares, the Compensation Committee of the Board shall certify in writing that the performance goals and any other material terms of the Award were in fact satisfied.  
    
       3.   No Rights as a Stockholder. 
            ----------------------- 
    
       Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or the Plan, until the issuance of Performance Shares to him, the Participant shall have, with respect to the Performance Shares, none of the rights of a stockholder of the Company, including the right to vote the Performance Shares and the right to receive any dividends or other distributions with respect thereto.   
    
       4.   Adjustments. 
            ----------- 
    
       If any change in corporate capitalization, such as a stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, or any corporate transaction such as a reorganization, reclassification, merger or consolidation or separation, including a spin-off of the Company or sale or other disposition by the Company of all or a portion of its assets, any other change in the Company s corporate structure, or any distribution to stockholders (other than a cash dividend) results in the outstanding Shares, or any securities exchanged therefor or received in their place, being  
  
   3 

Exhibit 10.22  

exchanged for a different number or class of shares or other securities of the Company, or for shares of stock or other securities of any other corporation, or new, different or additional shares or other securities of the Company or of any other corporation being received by the holders of outstanding Shares, then the number of Performance Shares to which the Participant is entitled pursuant to this Agreement shall be adjusted in the same manner as other outstanding Shares of  the Company. 
    
       5.   Validity of Share Issuance. 
            -------------------------- 
    
       The Performance Shares have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action of the Company and when issued will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. 
    
       6.   Taxes and Withholding. 
            --------------------- 
    
       As soon as practicable on or after the date as of which an amount first becomes includible in the gross income of the Participant for federal income tax purposes with respect to this Award of Performance Shares, the Participant shall pay to the Company, or make arrangements satisfactory to the Company regarding the payment of, or the Company may deduct or withhold from any cash or property payable to the Participant, an amount equal to all federal, state, local and foreign taxes that are required by Applicable Law to be withheld with respect to such includible amount.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Participant may, if the Company consents, discharge this withholding obligation by directing the Company to withhold Performance Shares having a Fair Market Value on the date that the withholding obligation is incurred equal to the amount of tax required to be withheld in connection therewith, as determined by the Board.  
    
       7.   Notices. 
            ------- 
    
       Any notice to the Company provided for in  this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be addressed to it in care of its Secretary at its principal executive offices, and any notice to the Participant shall be addressed to the Participant at the current address shown on the payroll records of the Company.  Any notice shall be deemed to be duly given if and when properly addressed and posted by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid. 
    
       8.  Legal Construction. 
            ------------------------------- 
    
         Severability  .  If any provision of this Agreement is or becomes or is deemed invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, or would disqualify the Plan or this Agreement under any law with respect to which the Plan or this Agreement is intended to qualify, or would cause compensation deferred under the Plan to be includible in a Plan participant s gross income pursuant to Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code, as determined by the Board, such provision shall be construed or deemed amended to conform to Applicable Law or, if it cannot be construed or  
  
   4 

Exhibit 10.22  

deemed amended without, in the determination of the Board, materially altering the intent of the Plan or the Agreement, it shall be stricken and the remainder of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 
  Gender and Number  .  Where the context admits, words in any gender shall include the other gender, words in the singular shall include the plural and words in the plural shall include the singular. 
  Governing Law  .  To the extent not preempted by federal law, this Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Mississippi. 
       9.  Incorporation of Plan. 
            --------------------- 
    
       This Agreement and the Performance Share Award made pursuant hereto are subject to, and this Agreement hereby incorporates and makes a part hereof, all terms and conditions of the Plan that are applicable to Agreements and Awards generally and to Performance Share Awards in particular.  The Board has the right to interpret, construe and administer the Plan, this Agreement and the Performance Share Award made pursuant hereto.  All acts, determinations and decisions of the Board (including its Compensation Committee) made or taken pursuant to grants of authority under the Plan or with respect to any questions arising in connection with the administration and interpretation of the Plan, including the severability of any and all of the provisions thereof and the calculation of the Average ROE, Average ROS and the number of Performance Shares that the Participant is entitled to receive pursuant to this Agreement, shall be in the Board s sole discretion and shall be conclusive, final and binding upon all parties, including the Company, its stockholders, Participants, Eligible Participants and their estates, beneficiaries and successors. The Participant acknowledges that he has received a copy of the Plan. 
    
       10.  No Implied Rights. 
            -------------------------- 
    
       Neither this Agreement nor the issuance of any Performance Shares shall confer on the Participant any right with respect to continuance of employment or other service with the Company.  Except as may otherwise be limited by a written agreement between the Company and the Participant, and acknowledged by the Participant, the right of the Company to terminate at will the Participant s employment with it at any time (whether by dismissal, discharge, retirement or otherwise) is specifically reserved by the Company.   
    
       11.  Integration. 
            ----------- 
    
       This Agreement and the other documents referred to herein, including the Plan, or delivered 
  pursuant hereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to their subject matter. There are no restrictions, agreements, promises, representations, warranties, covenants 
  
   5 

Exhibit 10.22  

or undertakings with respect to the subject matter hereof other than those expressly set forth herein and restrictions imposed by the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws . This Agreement, including the Plan, supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between the parties with respect to its subject matter. 
    
      12.  Counterparts. 
            ------------ 
    
       This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but which together constitute one and the same instrument.  
    
       13.  Amendments. 
            -------------------- 
    
       The Board may, at any time, without consent of or receiving further consideration from the Participant, amend this Agreement and the Performance Share Award made pursuant hereto in response to, or to comply with changes in, Applicable law.  To the extent not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, the Board may, at any time, amend this Agreement in a manner that is not unfavorable to the Participant without the consent of the Participant.  The Board may amend this Agreement and the Performance Share Award made pursuant hereto otherwise with the written consent of the Participant. 
     
       14.  Securities Act.  
    ----------------- 
    
  (a)        The issuance and delivery of the Performance Share Award to the Participant have been registered under the Securities Act by a Registration Statement on Form S-8 that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") and has become effective.  The Participant acknowledges receipt from the Company of its Prospectus dated February 17, 2011, relating to the Performance Share Award. 
    
  (b)          If the Participant is an "affiliate" of the Company, which generally means a director, executive officer or holder of 10% or more of its outstanding shares, at the time certificates representing Performance Shares are delivered to the Participant, such certificates shall bear the following legend, or other similar legend then being generally used by the Company for certificates held by its affiliates:   
    
   THESE SHARES MUST NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, ASSIGNED OR TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN A TRANSACTION WHICH, IN THE OPINION OF COUNSEL FOR THE ISSUER, IS EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION THROUGH COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144 OR WITH ANOTHER EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION.  
    
  The Company shall remove such legend upon request by the Participant if, at the time of such request, the shares are eligible for sale under SEC Rule 144(b)(1), or any provision that has replaced it, in the opinion of the Company's counsel.   
  
   6 

Exhibit 10.22  

-------------- 
    
    Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Performance Share Agreement shall be settled by arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association under its Commercial Arbitration Rules and judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. 
    
       IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Participant has executed this Agreement on his own behalf, thereby representing that he has carefully read and understands this Agreement and the Plan as of the day and year first written above, and the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed in its name and on its behalf, all as of the day and year first written above. 

SANDERSON FARMS, INC. 
    
  By:  ________________________________ 
         Name:   Mike Cockrell             
         Title:    CFO and Treasurer 

PARTICIPANT 
                           
  ____________________________________ 
  
   7 

</EX-10.22>

<EX-23>
 6
 safm-20161031xex23.htm
 EXHIBIT 23

Exhibit 

Exhibit 23  
  Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
  We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements (Form S-8 No. 33-67474 and Form S-8 No. 333-92412) pertaining to the Sanderson Farms, Inc. and Affiliates Stock Option Plan, the Registration Statements (Form S-8 No. 333-123099, Form S-8 No. 333-172315, and Form S-8 No. 333-209481) pertaining to the Sanderson Farms, Inc. and Affiliates Stock Incentive Plan, and the Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-199220) of our reports dated   December 15, 2016  , with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Sanderson Farms, Inc., and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Sanderson Farms, Inc., included in the Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended   October 31, 2016  .  
  /s/ Ernst   Young LLP  
  New Orleans, Louisiana  
  December 15, 2016    

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 safm-20161031xex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Joe F. Sanderson, Jr., certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sanderson Farms, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     December 15, 2016    
               /s/ Joe F. Sanderson, Jr. 
      Chief Executive Officer 
  and Chairman of the Board 
      (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 safm-20161031xex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, D. Michael Cockrell, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sanderson Farms, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     December 15, 2016    
               /s/ D. Michael Cockrell 
      Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 safm-20161031xex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. 1350 
  In connection with the Annual Report of Sanderson Farms, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the year ended   October 31, 2016   (the  Report ), I, Joe F. Sanderson, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify that: 
  (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
  (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
               /s/ Joe F. Sanderson, Jr. 
      Joe F. Sanderson, Jr. 
      Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
      (Principal Executive Officer) 

December 15, 2016    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 safm-20161031xex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. 1350 
  In connection with the Annual Report of Sanderson Farms, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the year ended   October 31, 2016   (the  Report ), I, D. Michael Cockrell, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify that: 
  (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
  (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
               /s/ D. Michael Cockrell 
      D. Michael Cockrell 
      Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 

December 15, 2016    

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 11
 safm-20161031.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 safm-20161031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 safm-20161031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 safm-20161031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 safm-20161031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 safm-20161031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

