<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_1183765_0001564590-16-027814_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6016922</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>266491</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>190904</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1453937</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2189971</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1333153</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>22</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-027814.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107074639
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-027814
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			THRESHOLD PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001183765
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				943409596
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32979
		FILM NUMBER:		161976581

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		170 HARBOR WAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94080
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650 474 8200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		170 HARBOR WAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94080

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-027814.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 thld-10q_20160930.htm
 FORM 10-Q

thld-10q_20160930.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 Washington, D. C. 20549  
   
 FORM 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  
 or  

For the transition period from                 to                
 Commission File Number: 001-32979  
   
 Threshold Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware  

94-3409596  

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization)  

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.)  

170 Harbor Way, Suite 300, South San Francisco, CA 94080  
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)  
 (650) 474-8200  
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)  
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   

Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No         
 On October 31, 2016, there were 71,560,294 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Threshold Pharmaceuticals, Inc. outstanding. 

Threshold Pharmaceuticals, Inc.   
 TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page  

PART I.  

FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.  

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    

3  

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets    

3  

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss    

4  

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows    

5  

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    

6  

Item 2.  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

15  

Item 3.  

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    

23  

Item 4.  

Controls and Procedures    

23  

PART II.  

OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1  

Legal Proceedings    

25  

Item 1A.  

Risk Factors    

25  

Item 2.  

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

49  

Item 3.  

Defaults Upon Senior Securities    

49  

Item 4.  

Mine Safety Disclosures    

49  

Item 5.  

Other Information    

49  

Item 6.  

Exhibits    

49  

SIGNATURES    

50  

EXHIBIT INDEX     

51  

2 

P  ART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
   
     ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 Threshold Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
 (in thousands, except share and per share data)  
 (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  

3 

Threshold Pharmaceuticals, Inc.   
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS  
 (in thousands, except per share data)  
 (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

Threshold Pharmaceuticals, Inc.   
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
 (in thousands)  
 (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  

5 

Threshold Pharmaceuticals, Inc.   
     NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 NOTE 1   ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
 The Company  
 Threshold Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the  Company ) is a biotechnology company using its expertise in the tumor microenvironment to develop therapeutic agents that selectively target tumor cells for the treatment of patients living with cancer.  
 Basis of Presentation  
 The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for complete financial statements. The unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the annual consolidated financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments necessary for the fair statement of results for the periods presented, have been included. The results of operations of any interim period are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations for the full year or any other interim period.  
 The preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the recorded amounts reported therein. A change in facts or circumstances surrounding the estimate could result in a change to estimates and impact future operating results.  
 The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures have been prepared with the presumption that users of the interim unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have read or have access to the audited consolidated financial statements for the preceding fiscal year. The condensed consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2015 has been derived from the audited financial statements at that date but does not include all the information and footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Accordingly, these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2015 included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on March 10, 2016.  
 The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary, and reflect the elimination of intercompany accounts and transactions.  
 Revenue Recognition  
 The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with ASC 605  Revenue Recognition , subtopic ASC 605-25  Revenue with Multiple Element Arrangements  and subtopic ASC 605-28  Revenue Recognition-Milestone Method , which provides accounting guidance for revenue recognition for arrangements with multiple deliverables and guidance on defining the milestone and determining when the use of the milestone method of revenue recognition for research and development transactions is appropriate, respectively. 
 The Company s revenues in prior periods were related to its former collaboration arrangement with Merck KGaA, which was entered in February 2012. The collaboration with Merck KGaA provided for various types of payments to the Company, including nonrefundable upfront license, milestone and royalty payments. The Company recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the price is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. The Company also received reimbursement for Merck KGaA s 70% share for eligible worldwide development expenses for evofosfamide (formerly TH-302). Such reimbursement was reflected as a reduction of operating expenses. In March 2016, the Company and Merck KGaA agreed to terminate the collaboration and all rights for evofosfamide were returned to the Company. As a result of the termination of the collaboration, the Company is no longer eligible to receive any further milestone payments from Merck KGaA.  In addition,  the Company is no longer eligible to receive 70% reimbursement of expenses from Merck KGaA related to the further development of evofosfamide other than for costs to wind down the discontinued trials and return the evofosfamide rights back to the Company.  
 6 

For multiple-element arrangements, each deliverable within a multiple deliverable revenue arrangement is accounted for as a separate unit of accounting if both of the following criteria are met: (1) the delivered item or items have value   to the customer on a standalone basis and (2) for an arrangement that includes a general right of return relative to the delivered item(s), delivery or performance of the undelivered item(s) is considered probable and substantially in the Company s control  . The deliverables under the Merck KGaA agreement were determined to be a single unit of accounting and as such the revenue relating to this unit of accounting was recorded as deferred revenue and recognized ratably over the term of its estimated performan  ce period under the agreement, which was the product development period. The Company determined the estimated performance period and it was periodically reviewed based on the progress of the related product development plan. The effect of a change made to   an estimated performance period and therefore revenue recognized ratably would occur on a prospective basis in the period that the change was made.  
 Deferred revenue associated with a non-refundable payment received under a collaborative agreement for which the developmental performance obligations are terminated will result in an immediate recognition of any remaining deferred revenue in the period that termination occurred provided that all performance obligations have been satisfied. As a result of Merck KGaA s and the Company s decision to cease further joint development of evofosfamide in December 2015, the Company immediately recognized all of the remaining deferred revenue into revenue during the quarter ended December 31, 2015.  
 NOTE 2   NET LOSS PER SHARE    
 Basic net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per share is computed by giving effect to all potential dilutive common shares, including outstanding options and warrants.  
 Potential dilutive common shares also include the dilutive effect of the common stock underlying in-the-money stock options and warrants that were calculated based on the average share price for each period using the treasury stock method. Under the treasury stock method, the exercise price of an option or warrant is assumed to be used to repurchase shares in the current period. In addition, the average amount of compensation cost for in-the-money options, if any, for future service that the Company has not yet recognized when the option is exercised, is also assumed to repurchase shares in the current period. A reconciliation of the numerator and denominator used in the calculation is as follows (in thousands, except per share amounts):  

The following outstanding warrants, options and purchase rights under the Company s 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ( 2004 Purchase Plan )   were excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share for the periods presented because including them would have had an antidilutive effect (in thousands): 

7 

NOTE 3   COLLABORATION ARRANGEMENTS  
 On February 3, 2012, the Company entered into a global license and co-development agreement, or License Agreement, with Merck KGaA, of Darmstadt, Germany, to co-develop and commercialize evofosfamide, the Company s small molecule hypoxia-targeted drug. Under the terms of the License Agreement, Merck KGaA received co-development rights, exclusive global commercialization rights and provided the Company with an option to co-commercialize evofosfamide in the United States. To date the Company has received $110 million in upfront and milestone payments. The milestones earned to date were not deemed to be substantive milestones because the work related to the achievement of these items was predominately completed prior to the inception of the arrangement or was not commensurate with Company s performance subsequent to the inception of the arrangement to achieve the milestone. 
 The Company s deliverables under the License Agreement with Merck KGaA, which included delivery of the rights and license for evofosfamide and performance of research and development activities, were determined to be a single unit of accounting. The delivered license did not have standalone value at the inception of the arrangement due to the Company s proprietary expertise with respect to the licensed compound and related ongoing developmental participation under the License Agreement, which was required for Merck KGaA to fully realize the value from the delivered license. Therefore, the revenue relating to this unit of accounting was recorded as deferred revenue and recognized over the estimated performance period under the License Agreement, which is the product development period. The Company recorded $110 million of the upfront payment and milestones payments as deferred revenue and was amortizing them ratably over the estimated period of performance, which the Company originally estimated to end on March 31, 2020 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The Company and Merck KGaA s decision to cease further joint development of evofosfamide in December 2015 resulted in the immediate recognition of all the remaining deferred revenue into revenue during the quarter ended December 31, 2015. As a result, the Company recognized $0 revenue during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, and $3.7 million and $11.0 million of revenue during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. Further, in March 2016, the Company and Merck KGaA agreed to terminate the License Agreement pursuant to a termination agreement, or the Termination Agreement.   Under the terms of the Termination Agreement, all rights under the License Agreement were returned to the Company, as well as all rights to Merck KGaA technology developed under the License Agreement. Under the Termination Agreement Merck KGaA is entitled to tiered royalties on net sales if any, and milestone payments contingent upon the future successful partnering, development and commercialization of evofosfamide.  Also as a result of the termination of the License Agreement the Company is no longer eligible to receive any further milestone payments from Merck KGaA 
 Merck KGaA also paid 70% of worldwide development expenses for evofosfamide under the terms of the License Agreement. With the decision to cease further joint development of evofosfamide and the termination of the License Agreement, the Company is no longer eligible to receive payments from Merck KGaA for expenses related to further development of evofosfamide other than for costs to wind down the discontinued trials and return the evofosfamide rights back to the Company. The Company earned $0.4 million and $2.1 million reimbursement for eligible worldwide expenses for evofosfamide from Merck KGaA during three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, which expenses were solely for trial wind-down efforts, compared to $3.8 million and $9.4 million for eligible worldwide development expenses incurred during three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. Such earned reimbursement has been reflected as a reduction of research and development expenses.  
 NOTE 4   STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  
 Common Stock Warrant Valuation 
 The Company accounts for its common stock warrants under guidance in ASC 815 that clarifies the determination of whether an instrument (or an embedded feature) is indexed to an entity s own stock, which would qualify for classification as liabilities. The guidance requires the Company s outstanding warrants to be classified as liabilities and to be fair valued at each reporting period, with the changes in fair value recognized as other income (expense) in the Company s consolidated statements of operations.  
 8 

At both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 the Company had warrants outstanding to purc  hase 8.3 million shares of common stock, having an initial exercise price of $10.86 per share, which warrants were issued by the Company in the Company s February 2015 public offering of common stock and warrants. The exercise price was adjusted to $3.62 o  n January 21, 2016 pursuant to the terms of warrant. The fair value of these warrants on September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was determined using a Black-Scholes model with the following key level 3 inputs:   

During the three and nine ended September 30, 2016 the change in fair value of $0.5 million and $1.2 million, respectively, of noncash expense related to the February 2015 warrants was recorded as other income (expense) in the Company s consolidated statement of operations.  
 On March 16, 2016, warrants outstanding, which were initially issued by the Company in an underwritten public offering in March 2011, to purchase 3.8 million shares of common stock expired and noncash income of $38,000 related to the expired warrants was recognized as other income (expense) in the Company s consolidated statement of operations. At December 31, 2015, the Company had March 2011 warrants outstanding to purchase 3.8 million shares of common stock, having an exercise price of $2.46 per share. The fair value of these warrants on December 31, 2015 was determined using a Black Scholes valuation model with the following key level 3 inputs:  

The following table sets forth the Company s financial liabilities, related to warrants issued in the February 2015 and March 2011 offerings, subject to fair value measurements as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

The following table is a reconciliation of the warrant liability measured at fair value using level 3 inputs (in thousands):  

9 

NOTE 5   STOCK BASED COMPENSATION  
 The Company recognizes stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC 718,  Compensation Stock Compensation.  Stock-based compensation expense, which consists of the compensation cost for employee stock options and the 2004 Purchase Plan, and the value of options issued to non-employees for services rendered, was allocated to research and development and general and administrative expenses in the unaudited consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  and 2015 as follows (in thousands):  

Valuation Assumptions  
 The Company estimated the fair value of stock options granted using the Black-Scholes option-pricing formula and a single option award approach. This fair value is being amortized ratably over the requisite service periods of the awards, which is generally the vesting period. The fair value of employee stock options and employee purchase rights under the 2004 Purchase Plan was estimated using the following weighted-average assumptions for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

To determine the expected term of the Company s employee stock options granted, the Company utilized the simplified approach as defined by SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 107,   Share-Based Payment   ( SAB 107 ). To determine the risk-free interest rate, the Company utilized an average interest rate based on U.S. Treasury instruments with a term consistent with the expected term of the Company s stock based awards. To determine the expected stock price volatility for the Company s stock based awards, the Company utilized the historical volatility of the Company s common stock. The fair value of all the Company s stock based awards assumes no dividends as the Company does not anticipate paying cash dividends on its common stock.  
 Employee Stock-based Compensation Expense  
 As required by ASC 718, the Company recognized $0.8 million and $2.4 million of stock-based compensation expense related to stock options and purchase rights under the Company s equity incentive plans and 2004 Purchase Plan for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $1.5 million and $4.8 million of stock-based compensation for the three and nine ended September 30, 2015.  As of September 30, 2016, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock-based awards granted to employees under the Company s equity incentive plans was approximately $4.0 million before forfeitures. This cost will be recorded as compensation expense on a ratable basis over the remaining weighted average requisite service period of approximately 2.6 years.  
 10 

Equity Incentive Plans   
 Equity Incentive Plans    At September 30, 2016, 1,358,638 shares were authorized and available for issuance under the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan.   
 The following table summarizes stock option activity under the Company s equity incentive plans:  

The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, was $4,000 and $0.2 million, respectively, as determined at the date of the option exercise. Cash received from stock option exercises was $3,000 and $0.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company issues new shares of common stock upon exercise of options. In connection with these exercises, there was no tax benefit realized by the Company due to the Company s current loss position.  
 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan  On January 1, 2016, an additional 100,000 shares was authorized for issuance under the 2004 Purchase Plan pursuant to the annual automatic increase to the authorized shares under the 2004 Purchase Plan. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, plan participants had purchased 92,048 shares at an average purchase price of $0.24 for total cash proceeds of $22,000.  At September 30, 2016, 134,789 shares were authorized and available for issuance under the 2004 Purchase Plan.   
 NOTE 6  MARKETABLE SECURITIES AND FAIR VALUE  
 The Company accounts for its marketable securities in accordance with ASC 820   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures.   ASC 820 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in accordance with GAAP, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. ASC 820 defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. ASC 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The standard describes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value:  
 Level 1  Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.   
 Level 2  Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.  
 Level 3  Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.   
 The Company utilizes the market approach to measure fair value for its financial assets and liabilities. The market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. For Level 2 securities that have market prices from multiples sources, a  consensus price  or a weighted average price for each of these securities can be derived from a distribution-curve-based algorithm which includes market prices obtained from a variety of industrial standard data providers (e.g. Bloomberg), security master files from large financial institutions, and other third-party sources. Level 2 securities with short maturities and infrequent secondary market trades are typically priced using mathematical calculations adjusted for observable inputs when available.  
 11 

The following table sets forth the Company s financial assets (cash equivalents and marketable securities) at fair value on a recurring basis a  s of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:   

The Company invests in highly-liquid, investment-grade securities. The following is a summary of the Company s available-for-sale securities at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

There were no realized gains or losses in nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, the weighted average maturity for the Company s available for sale securities was 2.4 months, with the longest maturity being June 2017.   
 12 

The Company does not intend to sell the investments that are in an unrealized loss position, and it is unlikely tha  t the Company will be required to sell the investments before recovery of their amortized cost basis, which may be maturity. The following table provides the breakdown of the marketable securities with unrealized losses at September 30, 2016 (in thousands)  :   

In loss position for less 
 than twelve months  

As of September 30, 2016 (in thousands):  
 
 Fair 
 Value  

Unrealized 
 Loss  

Corporate debt securities  
 
 $  
 
 3,008  

$  
 
 (2  
 
 )  

The Company determined the fair value of the liability associated with its February 2015 warrants to purchase in aggregate 8.3 million shares of outstanding common stock using a Black-Scholes Model. See detailed discussion in Note 4     Stockholders  Equity. 
   
 NOTE 7   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  
 The Company leases certain of its facilities under noncancelable leases, which qualify for operating lease accounting treatment under ASC 840,   Leases,   and, as such, these facilities are not included on its unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. The future rental payments required by the Company for all of its facilities under noncancelable operating leases are as follows (in thousands):  

Indemnification  
 The Company enters into indemnification provisions under its agreements with other companies in the ordinary course of business, including business partners, contractors and parties performing its clinical trials. Pursuant to these arrangements, the Company indemnifies, holds harmless, and agrees to reimburse the indemnified parties for losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified party as a result of the Company s activities. The duration of these indemnification agreements is generally perpetual. The maximum potential amount of future payments the Company could be required to make under these agreements is not determinable. The Company has never incurred costs to defend lawsuits or settle claims related to these indemnification agreements. As a result, the Company believes the estimated fair value of these agreements is minimal. The Company maintains commercial general liability insurance and products liability insurance to offset certain of its potential liabilities under these indemnification provisions. Accordingly, the Company has not recognized any liabilities relating to these agreements as of September 30, 2016.  
 The Company s bylaws provide that it is required to indemnify its directors and officers against liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors or officers, other than liabilities arising from willful misconduct of a culpable nature, to the fullest extent permissible by applicable law; and to advance their expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified.  
   
 NOTE 8   ACCRUED SEVERANCE BENEFITS 
 In December 2015, the Company adopted a plan to reduce its operating expenses, following its decision to discontinue joint development of evofosfamide under its former collaboration with Merck KGaA. The plan included a reduction of approximately 40 full-time employees in both research and development and to a lesser extent general and administrative areas of the Company. As a result of the staffing reduction, the Company incurred expenses related to severance benefits of approximately $2.5 million during the quarter ended December 31, 2015, which included approximately $0.2 million of noncash stock compensation expense related to the extension of post-termination exercise period for the outstanding vested stock options for the affected employees. The payout of the accrued expenses related to severance benefits at December 31, 2015 was completed during the first quarter of 2016.  
 13 

In September 2016, the Company adopted a plan to further reduce its operating expenses, following its decision to discontinue develo  pment of tarloxotinib. The plan included a reduction of approximately 5 full-time employees in research and development and general administrative areas of the Company. As a result of the staffing reduction, the Company incurred expenses related to severan  ce benefits of approximately $0.7 million during the quarter ended September 30, 2016, which included $0.2 million of noncash stock compensation expense related to the extension of post-termination exercise period for the outstanding vested stock options f  or the affected employees. The payout of the accrued expenses related to severance benefits at September 30, 2016 was completed in October 2016.  
   
 14 

I  TEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
 This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with the  Risk Factors  section of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Other than statements of historical fact, statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 . When used in this report or elsewhere by management from time to time, the words  believe,   will,   may,   anticipate,   intend,   plan,   estimate,   expect,  and similar expressions are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations. Forward-looking statements made in this report include, for example, statements about:  

the implementation of our business strategies, including our ability to pursue any development pathways and regulatory strategies for   evofosfamide (formerly TH-302);     

our ability to advance the development of evofosfamide and TH-3424, if at all;     

our plans to pursue discussions with regulatory authorities, and the anticipated timing, scope and outcome of related regulatory actions or guidance;     

our ability to establish and maintain potential new partnering or collaborative arrangements for the development and commercialization of   evofosfamide and   TH-3424;     

our financial condition, including our ability to obtain the funding necessary to advance the development of evofosfamide and TH-3424;     

the anticipated progress of our development programs, including whether our potential future clinical trials will achieve clinically relevant results;     

our ability to generate data and conduct analyses to support the regulatory approval of evofosfamide;     

our ability to establish and maintain intellectual property rights for evofosfamide and TH-3424;     

whether any product candidates that we are able to commercialize are safer or more effective than other marketed products, treatments or therapies;     

our ability to identify, in-license or otherwise acquire additional product candidates and development programs, and to obtain the additional funding that would be necessary in order to complete any such transaction;     

our anticipated research and development activities and projected expenditures;     

our ability to complete preclinical and clinical testing successfully for new product candidates, such as TH-3424, that we may develop or license;     

our ability to have manufactured active pharmaceutical ingredient, or API, and drug product that meet required release and stability specifications;     

our ability to have manufactured sufficient supplies of drug product for clinical testing and commercialization;     

our ability to obtain licenses to any necessary third-party intellectual property;     

our ability to retain and hire necessary employees and appropriately staff our development programs;     

the sufficiency of our cash resources; and     

our projected financial performance.     

 Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual events or results may differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. For a more detailed discussion of the potential risks and uncertainties that may impact their accuracy, see the  Risk Factors  section in Part II, Item 1A of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Given these risks, uncertainties and other factors, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Also, these forward-looking statements reflect our view only as of the date of this report. You should read this report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We hereby qualify our forward-looking statements by our cautionary statements. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons that actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future.  
 15 

Overview   
                           We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company using our expertise in the tumor microenvironment to develop therapeutic and diagnostic agents that selectively target tumor cells for the treatment of patients living with cancer.   To date, we have focused our development activities on evofosfamide, and substantially all of our efforts and expenditures conti  nue to be devoted to evofosfamide.  Evofosfamide    has been studied in more than 1,600 patients with cancer and has demonstrated anti-tumor activity as a monotherapy and in combination with other chemotherapeutics or targeted therapies across multiple types of solid tumors and in some hematological malignancies. The safety profile of evofosfamide has been consistent with manageable side-effects.   In December 2015, we announced topline results from  two  pivotal Phase 3 clinical    trials    of evofosfamide : TH-CR-406 conducted by Threshold in patients with soft tissue sarcoma and MAESTRO    conducted by Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, or Merck KGaA, in patients with advanced pancreatic cancer.  Based on  our analysis of the TH-CR-406 study and  Merck KGaA s analysis of the   MAESTRO study, we reported that  neither    trial  met  its primary endpoint of  demonstrating a statistically significant improvement in overall survival .  In January 2016 at the American Society of Clinical Oncology 2016 Gastrointestinal Cancers Symposium (ASCO GI), Merck KGaA s initial analyses of the results from the Phase 3 MAESTRO trial were presented. While the primary efficacy endpoint of overall survival did not meet statistical significance, progression-free survival and confirmed overall response rates demonstrated significant improvements for patients treated with the combination of evofosfamide and gemcitabine (the  treatment arm ) compared to gemcitabine plus placebo (the  control arm ). Since December 2015, we have conducted additional analyses of data from the MAESTRO trial in pancreatic cancer.  In June 2016 at the Annual Meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO), the updated analyses of the results from the Phase 3 MAESTRO trial were presented.  Of particular note based on the data from the September 1, 2015 cut-off date for the MAESTRO trial, a meaningful improvement in overall survival was reported for a subgroup of 123 Asian patients (enrolled at Japanese and South Korean sites) in which the risk of death was reduced by 48 percent for patients on the treatment arm compared to patients on the control arm. The hazard ratio ( HR ) for this subgroup was 0.52 (95% confidence interval (or  CI : 0.32   0.85).  In particular and based upon Merck KGaA s MAESTRO data, the 116 patients from Japan from the treatment arm had a median overall survival of 13.6 months versus 9.1 months for those patients on the control arm with significant improvements in progression free survival, objective response rates, and reductions in the pancreatic cancer biomarker, CA19-9. No new safety findings were identified in the MAESTRO study and the safety profile was consistent with that previously reported in other studies of evofosfamide plus gemcitabine. In March 2016, we and Merck KGaA agreed to terminate our   former collaboration with Merck KGaA, and all rights to evofosfamide were returned to us.    On June 2, 2016, we received preliminary comments from the FDA relating to our request for a meeting indicating that our analysis of the data from the MAESTRO study   and the data from a supporting randomized Phase 2 study would not provide adequate efficacy data to support the submission of a new drug application, or NDA, for evofosfamide for the treatment of patients with locally advanced unresectable or metastatic pa  ncreatic adenocarcinoma previously untreated with chemotherapy.  Accordingly, we would be required to successfully conduct one or more additional Phase 3 clinical trials before the FDA would accept any NDA for evofosfamide.  We do, however, intend  to discuss potential registration pathways    with the Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency, or PMDA, in Japan based on the results observed in the Japanese sub-population.   
     In addition, translational data evaluating the role of hypoxia in mediating treatment   resistance to cancer immunotherapy conducted at The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center suggests that evofosfamide may play a role in improving the efficacy of "checkpoint antibodies" such as ipilimumab. We plan to initiate a Phase I clinical tri  al by the first quarter of 2017 with four disease specific expansions of evofosfamide in combination with immune checkpoint antibodies in collaboration with researchers and clinicians at The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center.   
               If our planned d  iscussions with the PMDA do not lead to a registration pathway in Japan that does not require us to conduct any additional clinical trials of evofosfamide  , our evofosfamide development strategy would be limited to the planned Phase I clinical trial of evof  osfamide in combination with immune checkpoint antibodies in collaboration with researchers and clinicians at The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, and we do not expect to conduct any further development of evofosfamide beyond the planned Phas  e I clinical trial  unless such development is part of    a new collaborative or partnering arrangement or other strategic transaction  or  we are otherwise able to raise significant additional funding. 
                       TH-3424 is our small-molecule drug candidate, discovered at   Threshold, being evaluated for the potential treatment of hepatocellular (liver) cancer, castrate resistant prostate cancer, T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemias, and other cancers expressing high levels of aldo-keto reductase family 1 member C3, or AKR1C  3. Tumors overexpressing AKR1C3 can be resistant to radiation therapy and chemotherapy. TH-3424 is a prodrug in preclinical development that selectively releases a potent DNA cross-linking agent in the presence of AKR1C3.  Preliminary nonclinical toxicolog  y studies including biochemical, in vitro cell-based and in vivo animal-based characterization of its pharmacological properties were presented at the 2016 Annual Meeting of the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) in April 2016.  The preliminar  y nonclinical toxicology studies suggested an adequate therapeutic index.  We   believe that   the preliminary nonclinical study   results warrant continued development of TH-3424 in Investigational New Drug (IND)-enabling toxicology studies in collaboration wit  h Ascenta Pharmaceuticals, Ltd. which we expect will   be completed by the fourth quarter of 2017.  Our evaluation of TH-3424 is at an early stage and while we plan to complete IND-enabling toxicology studies, our ability to advance TH-3424 to human clinical studies will require us to obtain significant additional funding, whether through new collaborative, partnering or other strategic arrangements or otherwise. 
 16 

In addition to evofosfamide and TH-3424, we were previously evaluating tarloxotinib bromide or ta  rloxotinib (formerly referred to as TH-4000, PR610 or Hypoxin ) in two Phase 2 proof-of-concept trials.  In September 2016, we announced that, based on interim results from these two Phase 2 proof-of-concept trials, we are discontinuing any further develop  ment of tarloxotinib.    
               We were incorporated in October 2001. We have devoted substantially all of our resources to research and development of our product candidates, principally  evofosfamide . We have not generated any revenue from the commercial sales of our product candidates, and since inception we have funded our operations through the private placement and public offering of equity securities and through payments received under our former collaboration with Merck KGaA. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of $28.1 million and $48.7 million, respectively.  We currently have no ongoing collaborations for the development and commercialization of  evofosfamide or TH-3424,  and no source of rev  enue . However, we   continue to seek out new strategic partners for the continued development of evofosfamide, including potential   partners for evofosfamide with a commercial presence in oncology in Japan,   as well as new in-licensing opportunities for us and   funding for those opportunities.  If these efforts are not successful, we may be unable to continue as a going concern.   
                         Subject to our ability to obtain additional funding and to otherwise advance the development of evofosfamide and TH-3424, we expect t  o devote substantial   resources to research and development in future periods as we  potentially  start  additional    clinical trials  on our own or    with a potential future  strategic    partner or collaborator.  While we expect to incur additional  research and development  expenses in the absence of additional funding as a result of the planned Phase I clinical trial of  evofosfamide in collaboration with researchers and clinicians at The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center and our ongoing preclinical development of TH-3424, research and development expenses   are expected to decrease in 2016 compared to 2015   primarily as a result of Merck KGaA s and our decision to cease further joint development of evofosfamide, our decision to cease further enrollment in all Threshold-sponsored clinical trials of evofosfamide and   our decision to cease further development of tarloxotinib and, to a lesser extent, the impact of workforce reductions   implemented in December 2015 and in   September 2016. However, apart from the  planned Phase I clinical trial of  evofosfamide, we cannot currently predict whether and to what extent we may continue or increase product candidate development activities in future periods, if at all, and what our future cash needs may be for any such activities.   
               We believe that our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will be sufficient to fund our projected operating requirements for at least the next twelve months based upon current operating plans and spending assumptions. How  ever, we will need to raise substantial   additional capital to meaningfully   advance the clinical development of evofosfamide and TH-3424, whether through new collaborative,   partnering or other strategic arrangements or otherwise, and to in-license or otherw  ise acquire and develop additional product candidates or programs.  In particular, our ability to meaningfully   advance the clinical development of evofosfamide and TH-3424 is dependent upon our ability to enter into new partnering,   collaborative or other strategic arrangements for evofosfamide and TH-3424, or to otherwise obtain sufficient additional funding for such development, particularly since we are no longer eligible to receive any further milestone payments or other funding from Merck KGaA for evofosfamide, including the  70% of worldwide development costs for evofosfamide that were previously borne by Merck KGaA.   If we are unable to secure additional funding on a timely basis or on terms favorable to us, we may be required to cease or reduce certain development projects, to conduct additional workforce reductions, to sell some or all of our technology or assets or to merge all or a portion of our business with another entity. Insufficient funds may require us to delay, scale back, or eliminate some or all of our activities, and if we are unable to obtain additional funding, there is uncertainty regarding our continued existence. 
 Results of Operations  
 Revenue.  For each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized no revenue, compared to $3.7 million and $11.0 million in revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, from the amortization of the aggregate of $110 million in upfront and milestone payments earned in 2013 and 2012 from our former collaboration with Merck KGaA. We were amortizing them ratably over the estimated period of performance, which we originally estimated to end on March 31, 2020. Merck KGaA s and our decision to cease further joint development of evofosfamide in December 2015, resulted in the immediate recognition of all the remaining deferred revenue into revenue during the quarter ended December 31, 2015. Further, in March 2016, we and Merck KGaA agreed to terminate the collaboration pursuant to a termination agreement and u  nder the terms of that termination agreement, all rights under the original collaboration agreement were returned to Threshold, as well as all rights to Merck KGaA technology developed under the original collaboration agreement.   Also as a result of the termination of our former collaboration, we were no longer eligible to receive any further milestone payments from Merck KGaA.   
 17 

Research and Development  .   Research and development expenses were $3.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared   to $8.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, in each case net of the reimbursement for Merck KGaA s 70% share of total development expenses for evofosfamide. The $4.6 million decrease in expenses was due primarily to a $2.8 million decre  ase in employee related expenses (including a $0.4 million decrease in noncash stock-based compensation), a $1.4 million decrease in clinical development expenses net of the reimbursement for Merck KGaA s 70% share of total development expenses for evofosf  amide, and a decrease of $0.3 million in consulting expenses. Research and development expenses were $13.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $28.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, in each case net of the   reimbursement for Merck KGaA s 70% share of total development expenses for evofosfamide. The $15.4 million decrease in expenses was due primarily to a $9.5 million decrease in employee related expenses (including a $1.8 million decrease in noncash stock-ba  sed stock compensation expense), a $4.9 million decrease in clinical development expenses net of the reimbursement for Merck KGaA s 70% share of total development expenses for evofosfamide, and a decrease of $1.0 million in consulting expenses. The decreas  e in employee related expenses was primarily due to the reduction in workforce of 34 employees in clinical development and discovery research in December 2015.   As a result of the termination of   our former collaboration with Merck KGaA  , we are no longer ent  itled to any reimbursement for   evofosfamide development expenses apart from Merck KGaA s 70% reimbursement obligation for costs to wind down the discontinued trials and return the evofosfamide rights back to us.  
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we were engaged in three primary research and development programs: the development of evofosfamide, which was the subject of two pivotal Phase 3 clinical trials and multiple Phase 2 and Phase 1 clinical trials; the clinical development of tarloxotinib, which was the subject of two Phase 2 proof of concept trials; and our discovery research program aimed at identifying new drug candidates. Research and development expenses consist primarily of costs of conducting clinical trials, salaries and related costs for personnel including noncash stock-based compensation, costs of clinical materials, costs for research projects and preclinical studies, costs related to regulatory filings, and facility costs. Contracting and consulting expenses are a significant component of our research and development expenses as we rely on consultants and contractors in many of these areas. The following table summarizes our research and development expenses (net of reimbursement for Merck KGaA s 70% share of total development expenses in the case of evofosfamide) attributable to each of our programs for each period presented:  

Research and development expenses associated with our internally discovered compound evofosfamide were $2.2 million and $9.4 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $5.2 million and $21.5 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, in each case net of the reimbursement for Merck KGaA s 70% share of total eligible collaboration expenses for evofosfamide. The decrease of $3.0 million and $12.1 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same period in 2015, was due to Merck KGaA s and our joint decision to cease further development in evofosfamide in December 2015 and the related discontinuation of enrollment in and closure of all company-sponsored evofosfamide trials.  
       Research and developments expenses associated with tarloxotinib, which we licensed rights to in September 2014, were $1.1 million and $3.5 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $1.7 million and $3.6 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The decrease of $0.5 million and $0.1 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015, was due primarily to the completion of enrollment of two Phase 2 proof-of-concept clinical trials of tarloxotinib during the quarter ended September 30, 2016.  In additi  on, during the quarter ended September 30, 2016, we determined to cease any further development of tarloxotinib based on the   interim results from the two Phase 2 proof-of-concept trials of tarloxotinib, which contributed to the decrease.  With our decision to cease any   further development of tarloxotinib, we expect a decrease in our tarloxotinib expense for 2016. Discovery research and development expenses were $0.2 million and $1.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $1.2 million and $3.8 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. With the reduction in workforce enacted in December of 2015 pursuant to which we eliminated our in-house discovery research activities, we expect a substantial decrease in our discovery research expense for 2016.  
 18 

The largest component of our total operating expenses has historically been our ongoing investment in our research and development activities, primarily with respect to the developme    nt of evofosfamide. Subject to our ability to obtain additional funding and to otherwise advance the development of   evofosfamide and TH-3424    , we expect to devote substantial resources to research and development in future periods as we potentially start   ad  ditional       clinical trials on our own or with a potential future   strategic     partner or collaborator.   While we expect to incur additional   research and development   expenses in the absence of additional funding as a result of the planned Phase I clinical trial o  f   evofosfamide in collaboration with researchers and clinicians at The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center and our ongoing preclinical development of TH-3424  , research and development expenses are expected to decrease in 2016 compared to 2015 pri    marily   as a result of     Merck KGaA s   and our     decision to cease further joint development of evofosfamide  ,     our decision to cease   further     enrollment in all Threshold-sponsored clinical trials of evofosfamide   and our decision to cease further development of tar  loxotinib    . In addition, the reduction  s     in workforce implemented in December 2015   and September 2016,   will also result in a decrease in employee-related expenses.  
 The process of conducting the clinical research necessary to obtain FDA and foreign regulatory approvals is costly, uncertain and time consuming. We consider the active management of our research and development programs to be critical to our long-term success. The actual probability of success for evofosfamide and potential future clinical product candidates may be impacted by a variety of factors, including, among others, the quality of the product candidate, early clinical data, investment in the program and the availability of adequate funding, competition, manufacturing capability and commercial viability. Furthermore, our strategy depends upon our ability to enter into potential new partnering, collaborative or other strategic arrangements with third parties to assist in the development of evofosfamide and TH-3424, or to otherwise obtain sufficient additional funding to permit such development.  In the event we enter into partnering or collaborative arrangements for evofosfamide or TH-3424, the preclinical development or clinical trial process for a product candidate and the estimated completion date may largely be under the control of that third party and not under our control. We cannot forecast with any degree of certainty which of our current and potential future product candidates will be subject to future collaborations or how such arrangements would affect our development plans or capital requirements. In addition, the length of time required for clinical development of a particular product candidate and our development costs for that product candidate may be impacted by the scope and timing of enrollment in clinical trials for the product candidate, unanticipated additional clinical trials that may be required, future decisions to develop a product candidate for subsequent indications, and whether in the future we decide to pursue development of the product candidate with a collaborator or independently. For example, evofosfamide may have the potential to be approved for multiple indications, and we do not yet know how many of those indications we and a potential future collaborator will pursue. In this regard, the decision to pursue regulatory approval for subsequent indications will depend on several variables outside of our control, including the strength of the data generated in our prior and ongoing clinical studies and the willingness of potential collaborators to jointly fund such additional work. Furthermore, the scope and number of clinical studies required to obtain regulatory approval for each pursued indication is subject to the input of the applicable regulatory authorities, and we have not yet sought such input for all potential indications that we may elect to pursue, and even after having given such input applicable regulatory authorities may subsequently require additional clinical studies prior to granting regulatory approval based on new data generated by us or other companies, or for other reasons outside of our control.  
   We did not track research and development expenses by project prior to 2003, and therefore we cannot provide cumulative project expenses to date. The risks and uncertainties associated with our research and development projects are discussed more fully in the  Risk Factors  section in Part II, Item 1A of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. As a result of the risks and uncertainties discussed in the  Risk Factors  section and above, we are unable to determine with any degree of certainty the duration and completion costs of our research and development projects, anticipated completion dates or when and to what extent we will receive cash inflows from the commer  cialization and sale of a product candidate, including evofosfamide, if ever. In addition, apart from the  planned Phase I clinical trial of  evofosfamide, we cannot currently predict whether and to what extent we may continue or increase product candidate development activities in future periods, if at all, and what our future cash needs may be for any such activities. To date, we have not commercialized any of our product candidates and in fact may never do so.  
 General and Administrative .   General and administrative expenses were $1.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $2.4 million for three months ended September 30, 2015. The $0.7 million decrease was due to a $0.5 million decrease in employee related expenses and a $0.2 million decrease in consulting expenses. General and administrative expenses were $5.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $7.5 million for nine months ended September 30, 2015. The $1.6 million decrease was due to a $1.3 million decrease in employee related expenses and a $0.3 million decrease in consulting expenses. We currently expect our general and administrative expenses to decrease in 2016 compared to 2015 due to the termination of the collaboration with Merck KGaA and to a lesser extent, due to the reductions in workforce in December 2015 and September 2016.    
 Interest Income (Expense), Net.  Interest income (expense), net for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $38,000 and $0.1 million, respectively, compared to $27,000 and $0.1 million of interest income for the same period in 2015, respectively.  
 19 

Other Income (Expense).   Other income (expense) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was noncash expense of $0.5 million and $1.1 million, respect  ively, compared to noncash income of $0.3 million and noncash expense of $0.6 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The noncash expense during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was due to a net incre  ase in the fair value of the outstanding warrants as a result of an increase in the underlying price of the common stock during those periods. The noncash income during the three months ended September 30, 2015, was due to a net decrease in the fair value   of the outstanding warrants as a result of a decrease in the underlying price of the common stock during that period. The noncash expense during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, was due to a net increase in the fair value of the outstanding warran  ts as a result of an increase in the underlying price of the common stock during that period.  
 Liquidity and Capital Resources  
 We have not generated and do not expect to generate revenue from sales of product candidates in the near term. Since our inception we have funded our operations primarily through private placements and public offerings of equity securities and through payments received under our former collaboration with Merck KGaA. We have received $110 million in upfront and milestone payments from our former collaboration with Merck KGaA. We had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of $28.1 million and $48.7 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, available to fund operations. 
 Net cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $20.5 million compared to net cash used in operating activities of $30.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease of $9.9 million in cash used in operations was due to a decrease in payments of operating cash expenses, partially offset by a decrease in the 70% cash reimbursement of expenses related to our former collaboration with Merck KGaA.     
 Net cash provided by investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $26.0 million compared with net cash provided by investing activities of $6.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The $19.1 million increase in net cash provided by investing activities was due primarily to a decrease in purchases of marketable securities.  
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $27,000 and $28.8 million, respectively. The $28.8 million decrease in cash provided by financing activities was primarily due to the $28.1 million net proceeds received from the completion of our underwritten public offering in February 2015 and to lesser extent a $0.7 million decrease in proceeds for the exercise of stock options and purchase rights under our equity plans.  
                       We believe that our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will be sufficient to fund our projected operating requirement  s for at least the next twelve   months based upon current operating plans and spending assumptions. However, we will need to raise substantial   additional capital to meaningfully advance the clinical development of evofosfamide and TH-3424, whether through n  ew collaborative, partnering   or other strategic arrangements or otherwise, and to in-license or otherwise acquire and develop additional product candidates or programs.    In particular, our ability to meaningfully advance the clinical development of evofosf  amide and TH-3424   is dependent upon our ability to enter into new partnering,   collaborative or other strategic   arrangements for evofosfamide and TH-3424, or to otherwise obtain sufficient additional funding for such development, particularly since we are n  o longer eligible to receive any further milestone payments or other funding from Merck KGaA for evofosfamide, including the  70% of worldwide development costs for evofosfamide that were previously borne by Merck KGaA.   
 While we have been able to fund our operations to date, we currently have no ongoing collaborations for the development and commercialization of evofosfamide and TH-3424, and no source of revenue, nor do we expect to generate revenue for the foreseeable future. We also do not have any commitments for future external funding.    Until we can generate a sufficient amount of product revenue, which we may never do, we expect to finance future cash needs  through a variety of sources, including:  

the public equity market;     

private equity financing;     

collaborative arrangements;     

licensing arrangements; and/or     

public or private debt.     

 20 

Our ability to raise additional funds and the terms upon which we are able to raise such funds have been severely harmed by the negative res  ults reported from our two pivotal Phase 3 clinical trials of   evofosfamide     and our   decision to discontinue development   of tarloxotinib, and may in the future be adversely impacted by the uncertainty regarding the prospects for future development of   evofosf  amide   and TH-3424 and our ability to advance the development of e  vofosfamide   and TH-3424   or otherwise   realize any return on our investments in e  vofosfamide   and   TH-3424  , if at all. Our ability to raise additional funds and the terms upon which we are able t  o raise such funds may also be adversely affected by the uncertainties regarding our financial condition, the sufficiency of our capital resources, our ability to maintain the listing of our common stock on The NASDAQ Capital Market and recent and potentia  l future management turnover. As a result of these and other factors, we   cannot be certain that sufficient funds will be available to us or on satisfactory terms, if at all.   To the extent we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, our stockhol  ders may experience significant dilution, particularly given our currently depressed stock price, and debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants.     If adequate funds are not available, we may be required to significantly reduce or refocu  s our operations or to obtain funds through arrangements that may require us to relinquish rights to our product candidates, technologies or potential markets, any of which could   result in our stockholders having little or no continuing interest in our   evo  fosfamide   or TH-3424 programs as stockholders or otherwise, or which could   delay or require that we curtail or eliminate some or all of our development activities or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results   of operations.   
                       On January 21, 2016, we received a letter from the staff, or Staff, of the NASDAQ Stock Market, or NASDAQ, providing notification that, for the previous 30 consecutive business days, the closing bid price for our common stock was below the minimum $1.00 per share requirement for continued listing on The NASDAQ Capital Market, or the Bid Price Requirement. The notification had no immediate effect on the listing of our common stock.  In accordance with NASDAQ listing rules, we were afforded 180 calendar days, or until July 19, 2016, to regain compliance with the Bid Price Requirement.  On July 20, 2016, we received a letter from the Staff notifying us that we were eligible for an additional 180 calendar day period, or until January 17, 2017, to regain compliance with the minimum $1.00 Bid Price Requirement. In the letter, the Staff noted that our common stock had not regained compliance with the Bid Price Requirement during the initial 180-day compliance period that ended on July 19, 2016 and that we had submitted written notice of our intention to cure the Bid Price Requirement deficiency by effecting a reverse stock split during the second 180-day compliance period, if necessary.     On September 13, 2016, we received written notice from the Staff   that as a result of the closing bid price of the our   common stock having been at $1.00 per share or greater for the last 10 consecutive business days, the Staff determined that we   had   regained compliance with the Bid Price Requirement   and that this matter   is now closed. Although we regained compliance with   the Bid Price Requirement , if the closing bid price of our common stock were again to fall below $1.00 per share for 30 consecutive trading days, or we do not meet other applicable listing requirements, including maintaining minimum levels of stockholders  equity or market values of our common stock, we would again fail to be in compliance with NASDAQ s listing standards. In this regard, during the period from September 30, 2016 through October 31, 2016, the closing bid price of our common stock was below $1.00 per share on each of the 22 trading days during that period.  Accordingly,  t   here can be no assurance that we will continue to meet the Bid Price Requirement, or any other NASDAQ continued listing requirement, in the future. If we fail to meet these requirements, including the Bid Price Requirement, NASDAQ may notify us that we have failed to meet the minimum   listing requirements and initiate the delisting process.   If our common stock is delisted, this would, among other things, substantially impair our ability to raise additional funds to fund our operations, to advance the development of evofosfamide and TH-3424 and/or to acquire or in-license additional product candidates or development programs  , and could result in the loss of institutional investor interest and fewer development opportunities for us. 
 If we are unable to secure additional funding on a timely basis or on terms favorable to us, we may be required to cease or reduce any product development activities, to conduct additional workforce reductions, to sell some or all of our technology or assets or to merge all or a portion of our business with another entity. Insufficient funds may require us to delay, scale back, or eliminate some or all of our activities, and if we are unable to obtain additional funding, there is uncertainty regarding our continued existence.  
 21 

At-the-Market  Sales Agreement  
 On November 2, 2015, we entered into a sales agreement, with Cowen and Company, LLC, or Cowen, or the Cowen Sales Agreement, which provides that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions and limitations set forth in the Cowen Sales Agreement, we may elect to issue and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $50.0 million from time to time through Cowen as our sales agent. Sales of our common stock through Cowen, if any, will be made on The NASDAQ Capital Market by means of ordinary brokers  transactions at market prices, in block transactions or as otherwise agreed by us and Cowen. Subject to the terms and conditions of the sales agreement, Cowen would use commercially reasonable efforts to sell our common stock from time to time, based upon our instructions (including any price, time or size limits or other customary parameters or conditions we may impose). We are not obligated to make any sales of common stock under the Cowen Sales Agreement.  We would pay Cowen an aggregate commission rate of up to 3.0% of the gross proceeds of the sales price per share of any common stock sold under the Cowen Sales Agreement. Although the Cowen Sales Agreement remains in effect, the Cowen Sales Agreement is not currently a practical source of liquidity for us.  In this regard, given our currently-depressed stock price, we are significantly limited in our ability to sell shares of common stock through Cowen under the Cowen Sales Agreement since the issuance and sale of common stock under the Cowen Sales Agreement, if it occurs, would be effected under a registration statement on Form S-3 that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and in accordance with the rules governing those registration statements, we generally can only sell shares of our common stock under that registration statement in an amount not to exceed one-third of our public float, which limitation for all practical purposes precludes our ability to obtain any meaningful funding through the Cowen Sales Agreement at this time. Even if our stock price and public float substantially increases, the number of shares we would be able to sell under the Cowen Sales Agreement would be limited in practice based on the trading volume of our common stock. In addition, we must maintain the effectiveness of our registration statement on Form S-3 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in order to sell any common stock under the Cowen Sales Agreement. We have not yet sold any common stock pursuant to the Cowen Sales Agreement. 
 Obligations and Commitments  
 We lease certain of our facilities under noncancelable leases, which qualify for operating lease accounting treatment under ASC 840,   Leases,   and, as such, these facilities are not included on our unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets.  
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, there have been no significant changes in our payments due under contractual obligations and commitments, as disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, which we filed with Securities and Exchange Commission on March 10, 2016.  
 Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates  
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for interim financial information. The preparation of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and expenses based on historical experience and on various assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. For further information on our critical accounting policies, see the discussion of critical accounting policies in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, which we filed with the SEC on March 10, 2016.  
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 
 In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued an accounting standard update regarding revenue from customer contracts to transfer goods and services or non-financial assets unless the contracts are covered by other standards (for example, insurance or lease contracts). Under the new guidance, an entity should recognize revenue in connection with the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that the entity expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for those goods or services. In addition, the new standard requires that reporting companies disclose the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. In August 2015, the FASB deferred the effective date of the update by one year, with early adoption on the original effective date permitted. The updates are effective for us beginning in the first quarter of the fiscal year 2018. The new revenue standard may be applied retrospectively to each prior period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect recognized as of the date of adoption. We are currently evaluating the impact of this accounting standard update on our consolidated financial statements. 
 22 

In August 2014, the FASB issued an accounting standard update that is intended to define management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an organization s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide   related footnote disclosures. It requires management to assess an entity s ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards. Specifically, the amendments: (1) provi  de a definition of the term substantial doubt; (2) require an evaluation every reporting period including interim periods; (3) provide principles for considering the mitigating effect of management s plans; (4) require certain disclosures when substantial   doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management s plans; (5) require an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated; and (6) require an assessment for a period of one year after the date that the financia  l statements are issued (or available to be issued). This guidance will be effective for us beginning with our annual report for fiscal 2016 and interim periods thereafter. We are currently evaluating the impact the standard will have on our financial stat  ements.  
 In November 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standard update for the presentation of deferred income taxes. Under this new guidance, deferred tax liabilities and assets should be classified as noncurrent in a classified balance sheet. The update is effective for us beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018 with early adoption permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. Additionally, this guidance may be applied either prospectively or retrospectively to all periods presented.  We are currently evaluating the impact the standard will have on our financial statements.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard update, which requires the recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities arising from operating leases in the statement of financial position. We will adopt the standard effective the first quarter of 2019 and do not anticipate that this new accounting guidance will have a material impact on our consolidated statement of operations. 
 In March 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard update, which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payments, including immediate recognition of all excess tax benefits and deficiencies in the income statement, changing the threshold to qualify for equity classification up to the employees' maximum statutory tax rates, allowing an entity-wide accounting policy election to either estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest or account for forfeitures as they occur, and clarifying the classification on the statement of cash flows for the excess tax benefit and employee taxes paid when an employer withholds shares for tax-withholding purposes. We are evaluating the full effect this accounting update may have on our consolidated financial statements and will adopt the standard effective the first quarter of 2017. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We  do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined by applicable Securities and Exchange Commission regulations.  
     ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, there were no material changes to our market risk disclosures as set forth in Part II, Item 7A  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
     ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures.  
 We have carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on their evaluation as of September 30, 2016, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.  
 Changes in internal controls over financial reporting.  
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
 23 

Limitations on the effectiveness of controls.   
 Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within Threshold Pharmaceuticals, Inc. have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the control.  
 The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and we cannot be certain that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Accordingly, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of our disclosure control system are met and, as set forth above, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded, based on their evaluation, that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016 to provide reasonable assurance that the objectives of our disclosure control system were met.  
   
 24 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  
       ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
 We are not a party to any material legal proceedings.  
     ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  
 We have identified the following risks and uncertainties that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. The risks described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also significantly impair our business operations. Our business could be harmed by any of these risks. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. In assessing these risks, you should refer to the other information contained in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes.  
 Risks Related to Drug Discovery, Development and Commercialization 
 We remain dependent upon the success of evofosfamide. If we are unable to successfully develop and obtain regulatory approval for evofosfamide, our business and future prospects will be severely harmed.   
                     We have focused our development activities on evofosfamide, and substantially all of our efforts and expenditures continue to be devoted to evofosfamide. Accordingly, our future prospects are dependent on the successful development, regulatory approval and   commercialization of evofosfamide. On June 2, 2016, we received preliminary comments from the FDA relating to our request for a meeting indicating that our analysis of the data from the MAESTRO study and the data from a supporting randomized Phase 2 study would not provide adequate efficacy data to support the submission of a new drug application, or NDA, for evofosfamide for the treatment of patients with locally advanced unresectable or metastatic pancreatic adenocarcinoma previously untreated with chemotherapy.  Accordingly, we would be required to successfully conduct one or more additional Phase 3 clinical trials before the FDA would accept any NDA for evofosfamide.   Our inability to submit an NDA to the FDA for  evofosfamide in the absence of additional Phase 3 development  has significantly harmed our business and future prospects. We have conducted  additional analyses of the data from MAESTRO trial and  intend to review and discuss the results of our analyses  with the Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency, or PMDA, in Japan,  to determine potential registration pathways. Securing regulatory approval requires the submission of extensive preclinical and clinical data, information about product manufacturing processes and inspection of facilities and supporting information to the regulatory agencies for each therapeutic indication to establish evofosfamide s safety and efficacy.  Historically, Japan has required that pivotal clinical data submitted in support of a new drug application be performed on a s  ignificant population of Japanese patients.  The PMDA may accept U.S. or E.U. patient data when submitted along with a bridging study, but only if it demonstrates that Japanese and non-Japanese subjects react comparably to the product. If we are required to conduct such a bridging study, we would be required to raise additional funding, which we may be unable to do.  The PMDA has substantial discretion in the approval process and may refuse to accept any application or may decide that the data from the MAESTRO trial are insufficient to support the approval of any marketing authorization and that one or more additional clinical trials of  evofosfamide  would be required to be successfully conducted by us in order to support any such approval, including with res  pect to the  Japanese sub-population  we are targeting.  If we are required to successfully conduct and complete any additional clinical trials of  evofosfamide  in order to support potential approval of    evofosfamide in Japan or elsewhere , we would be required   to obtain additional capital and there can be no assurances that we would be successful in obtaining the additional funding, whether through new collaborative,   partnering or other strategic arrangements or otherwise, necessary to support any additional clinical development of    evofosfamide. If our planned discussions with the PMDA do not lead to a registration pathway in Japan that does not require us to conduct any additional clinical trials of evofosfamide, our evofosfamide development strategy would be limited to the planned Phase I clinical trial of evofosfamide in combination with immune checkpoint antibodies in collaboration with researchers and clinicians at The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, and we do not expect to conduct any further development of evofosfamide beyond the planned Phase I clinical trial unless such development is part of a new collaborative or partnering arrangement or other strategic transaction or we are otherwise able to raise significant additional funding.   
 25 

In an    y event, the   process of obtaining regulatory approvals is expensive, often takes many years, if approval is obtained at all, and can vary substantially based upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidates involved. Changes in the enactment   of additional statutes or regulations, or changes in regulatory review for each submitted product application, may cause delays in the approval or rejection of an application. In addition, varying interpretations of the data obtained from preclinical and   clinical testing could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval of evofosfamide.     Any regulatory approval we   may     ultimately obtain  , from the PMDA or otherwise,     may be limited in scope or subject to restrictions or post-approval commitments that render   ev  ofosfamide or potential future     product   candidates     not commercially viable.   In particular, even if we are able to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of evofosfamide in Japan, the   commercial prospects for   evofosfamide   could be diminished as a result of   the more limited patient population in Japan.          If any regulatory approval that we   do     obtain  , including from the PMDA,     is delayed or is limited, we may decide not to commercialize the   applicable   product candidate after receiving the approval.  In addition,   in March 2016, we and Merck KGaA   agreed to terminate our collaboration and, as a result, we will not receive any clinical development milestones or any other funding from Merck KGaA for the purpose of conducting any further clinical development of   evofosfa  mide  .   Under our former collaboration with Merck KGaA,   Merck KGaA was responsible for 70% of the worldwide development expenses for evofosfamide  . If we are unable to obtain sufficient additional funding for the further development of   evofosfamide  , whether t    hrough new   collaborative,     partnering or   other strategic   arrangements or otherwise, we may be required to cease further development of our   evofosfamide   program  . Also, issues with the successful and timely transfer of evofosfamide development activities from   Merck KGaA could significantly impact our ability to pursue  registration with regulatory authorities and potential partners, and there can be no assurance that such development activities will be successfully transferred to us in a timely manner or at al  l  . For these and other reasons, we cannot assure you that we will be able to advance the development of evofosfamide.    In such event, we may be required to abandon the development of   evofosfamide   and forego any return on our investment from our   evofosfamid  e   program, which would severely harm our future prospects and may cause us to cease operations.  
     Even if we are able to meaningfully advance the development of  evofosfamide ,  the failure of evofosfamide in the future to achieve successful clinical trial endpoints, delays in clinical trial enrollment or events or in the clinical development of evofosfamide, unanticipated adverse side effects related to evofosfamide or any other unfavorable developments or information related to evofosfamide would further significantly harm our business and our future prospects. For example, in January 2016, we announced that an IDSMB concluded that our registrational Phase 2 clinical trial of evofosfamide plus pemetrexed versus pemetrexed alone in patients with non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer was unlikely to reach its primary endpoint of improving overall survival with statistical significance and, as a result, enrollment in this trial was closed and in connection therewith, we determined to cease enrollment in all Threshold-sponsored trials of evofosfamide.  Moreover, evofosfamide is not expected to be commercially available in the near term, if at all. Further, the commercial success of evofosfamide, if any, will depend upon its acceptance by physicians, patients, third party payors and other key decision-makers as a therapeutic and cost effective alternative to currently available products. In any event, if we are unable to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize evofosfamide, our ability to generate revenue from product sales will be significantly delayed or precluded altogether and our business would be materially and adversely affected, and we may not be able to continue as a going concern.  
 26 

We currently lack the ability to discover addit  ional prodrug product candidates and we also may not be able to successfully acquire or in-license and develop additional prodrug product candidates or programs   suitable for clinical testing  , either of which could limit our growth and revenue potential.  
                   Ev  ofosfamide   is currently our only product   candidate   in the clinical development stage and we may be unable to develop additional product candidates suitable for clinical testing  , including TH-3424. In this regard, as part of our workforce reduction in December 2015 that followed the reported negative results from the two Phase 3 clinical trials of evofosfamide, we eliminated our discovery research activities conducted in-house, which prevents our ability to discover additional prodrug product candidates at this time.  In addition, given the uncertain prospects for evofosfamide, our strategy includes evaluating opportunities to acquire or in-license additional product candidates or development programs that build on our expertise and complement our pipeline. Any growth through acquisition or in-licensing will depend upon the availability of suitable product candidates at favorable prices and upon advantageous terms and conditions. Even if appropriate acquisition or in-licensing opportunities are available, we currently do not have, and may not in the future have, the financial resources necessary to pursue them. In addition, other companies, many of which may have substantially greater financial, marketing and sales resources, compete with us for acquisition or in-licensing opportunities. In addition, we may not be able to realize the anticipated benefits of any acquisition or in-licensing opportunity for a variety of reasons, including the possibility that a product candidate proves not to be safe or effective i  n later clinical trials or the integration of an acquired or licensed product candidate gives rise to unforeseen difficulties and expenditures.  For example, in September 2014, we licensed rights to tarloxotinib, a clinical-stage investigational compound that we evaluated in two Phase 2 proof-of-concept clinical trials. However, based on the interim results of the two Phase 2 proof-of-concept clinical trials , we determined in September 2016 to discontinue any further development of  tarloxotinib and we will therefore not realize any return on our investment in tarloxotinib.    In any event, any growth through development of additional product candidates will depend principally on our ability to identify, and then to obtain the necessary funding to pursue the acquisition of in-licensing of, additional product candidates on commercially reasonable terms, as well as our ability to develop those product candidates and our ability to obtain additional funding, whether through partnering arrangements or otherwise, to complete the development of, obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize these product candidates. If we are unable to discover or obtain suitable product candidates for development, our growth and revenue potential could be significantly harmed, and we   could be required to cease operations. 
     If we do not establish collaborations or other strategic transactions for our current and potential future product candidates or otherwise raise substantial additional capital, we will likely need to alter, delay or abandon our development and any commercialization plans. 
                                                 Our strategy includes selectively partnering or collaborating with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to assist us in furthering the development and potential commercialization of our current and potential future product candidates. In this regard, as a result of the termination of our collaboration with Merck KGaA, we are no longer eligible to receive any further milestone payments or other funding from Merck KGaA, including the  70% of worldwide development costs for evofosfamide that were previously borne by Merck KGaA.  Since we are no w solely responsible for the further development and commercialization of  evofosfamide at our own cost, we are  evaluating potential partnering opportunities for evofosfamide, and in this regard, we are currently seeking a pharmaceutical partner for evofosfamide with a commercial presence in oncology in Japan. In this regard, our ability to advance the clinical development of evofosfamide is dependent upon   our ability to enter into new partnering,   collaborative or other strategic   arrangements for evofosfamide, or to otherwise obtain sufficient additional funding for such development. We face significant competition in seeking appropriate strategic partners,   and collaborative   and partnering arrangements   are complex and time consuming to negotiate and document. We may not be successful in entering into new partnering,   collaborative   or other strategic arrangements with third parties on acceptable terms, or at al  l. In addition, we are unable to predict when, if ever, we will enter into any additional partnering,   collaborative or other strategic arrangements because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with establishing such arrangements. If we are un  able to negotiate new partnering, collaborative or other strategic arrangements, we may have to curtail the development of a particular product candidate, reduce, delay, or terminate its development or one or more of our other development programs, delay its potential commercialization or reduce the scope of our sales or marketing activities or increase our expenditures and undertake development or commercialization activities at our own expense. For example, we may have to cease further development of our   evofosfamide program if we are unable to raise sufficient funding for any additional clinical development of evofosfamide through new partnering,   collaborative or other strategic arrangements with third parties or other financing alternatives.  In this reg  ard, if we decide to undertake any further development of evofosfamide and TH-3424   beyond our planned Phase I   clinical trial of evofosfamide   and preclinical development of TH-3424, we would need to obtain additional funding for such development, either thr  ough financing or by entering into partnering,   collaborative or other strategic   arrangements with third parties for any such further development and we may be unable to do. While we are currently determining third party interest in partnering or acquiring TH-3424  , we may be unable to partner or divest these assets   in a timely manner, or at all, and therefore may not receive any return on our investment in these assets. If we do not have sufficient funds, we will not be able to advance the development of our product candidates or otherwise bring our product candidates to market and generate product revenues. 
 27 

Any   partnering,   collaborative       or other strategic     arrangements that we establish in the future may not be successful or we may otherwise not realize the a    nticipated benefits from these   arrangements  .      In addition, any   such   future arrangements may place the development and commercialization of our product candidates outside our control, may require us to relinquish important rights or may otherwise be on term  s unfavorable to us  
               We have in the past established and intend to continue to establish partnering,   collaborative   or other strategic arrangements   with third parties to develop and commercialize our product candidates, and these arrangements may not be succ  essful or we may otherwise not realize the anticipated benefits from these arrangements. For example, in March 2016, we and Merck KGaA, mutually agreed to terminate our collaboration for the development and commercialization of our evofosfamide product candidate, and, as a result, we will not receive any additional milestone payments or other funding from Merck KGaA on account of our collaboration with Merck KGaA.  As of the date of this report, we have no ongoing collaborations for the development and comm  ercialization of our product candidates. We may not be able to locate third-party strategic partners to develop and market our product candidates, and we lack the capital and resources necessary to develop our product candidates alone.  
       Dependence on partnering,   collaborative or other strategic arrangements subjects us to a number of risks, including: 

we may not be able to control the amount and timing of resources that our potential strategic partners may devote to our product candidates;     

potential strategic partners may experience financial difficulties or changes in business focus;     

we may be required to relinquish important rights such as marketing and distribution rights;     

should a strategic partner fail to develop or commercialize one of our compounds or product candidates, we may not receive any future milestone payments and will not receive any royalties for the compound or product candidate;     

business combinations or significant changes in a strategic partner s business strategy may also adversely affect a collaborator s willingness or ability to complete its obligations under any arrangement;     

under certain circumstances, a strategic partner could move forward with a competing product candidate developed either independently or in collaboration with others, including our competitors; and     

partnering, collaborative   and other strategic arrangements are often terminated or allowed to expire, which could delay the development and may increase the cost of developing our product candidates.     

   Preclinical studies and Phase 1   or 2 clinical trials of our product candidates may not predict the results of subsequent human clinical trials. 
   Preclinical studies, including studies of our product candidates in animal models of disease, may not accurately predict the results of human clinical trials of those product candidates. In particular, promising animal studies suggesting the efficacy of evofosfamide for the treatment of different types of cancer may not accurately predict the ability of evofosfamide to treat cancer effectively in humans. Similarly, while TH-3424 has demonstrated activity in preclinical studies and   AKR1C3 has been shown to activate TH-3424, these preclinical studies may not accurately predict the results of any future clinical trials of TH-3424 in patients with cancer. Evofosfamide, TH-3424 or any other compounds we may develop may be found not to be efficacious in treating cancer, alone or in combination with other agents, when studied in human clinical trials. In addition, we will not be able to commercialize our product candidates until we obtain FDA approval in the United States or approval by comparable regulatory agencies in Japan, Europe and other countries. A number of companies in the pharmaceutical industry, including us and those with greater resources and experience than us, have suffered significant setbacks in Phase 3 clinical trials, even after encouraging results in earlier clinical trials. 
 28 

To satisfy FDA, PMDA or       other     foreign regulatory approval standards for the commercial sale of o  ur product candidates, we must demonstrate in adequate and controlled clinical trials that our product candidates are safe and effective. Success in early clinical trials, including in Phase 1 and Phase 2 clinical trials, does not ensure that later clinica  l trials will be successful. Initial results from Phase 1 and Phase 2 clinical trials of evofosfamide have in the past not been, and may again in the future not be, confirmed by later analysis or in subsequent larger clinical trials. For example, the resul  ts that achieved the primary endpoint for progression-free survival in the Phase 2b trial of evofosfamide in pancreatic cancer did not predict the results of overall survival for patients in the MAESTRO trial. Likewise, the results in the Phase 1/2 trial o  f evofosfamide in patients with soft tissue sarcoma did not predict the results of overall survival for patients in the 406 trial. In both cases, the   406 trial and the MAESTRO trial failed to meet their primary endpoints of   demonstrating a statistically si  gnificant improvement in overall survival, based on our analyses for the 406 trial and Merck KGaA s analyses for the MAESTRO trial, notwithstanding positive results in earlier clinical trials.     In addition, in January 2016, we announced that an IDSMB concluded that our registrational Phase 2 clinical trial of evofosfamide plus pemetrexed versus pemetrexed alone in patients with non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer was unlikely to reach its pri  mary endpoint of improving overall survival with statistical significance and, as a result, enrollment in this trial was closed.    As these examples illustrate, despite the results reported in earlier clinical trials for evofosfamide, we do not know whether   potential future clinical trials that we may conduct will demonstrate adequate efficacy and safety to result in regulatory approval to market evofosfamide. Our failure to successfully complete any potential future clinical trials and obtain regulatory app  roval for evofosfamide would materially and adversely affect our business and severely harm our future prospects.  
   Delays in our   potential future clinical trials could result in us not achieving anticipated developmental milestones when expected, increased costs and delay our ability to obtain regulatory approval and commercialize our product candidates. 
       Delays in the progression of our potential future clinical trials could result in us not meeting previously announced clinical milestones and could material  ly impact our product development costs and milestone revenue and delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. We do not know whether our potential future clinical trials of evofosfamide, including our planned Phase I clinical trial of evofosfamide, will be completed on schedule, if at all. Clinical trials can be delayed for a variety of reasons, including: 

adverse safety events experienced during our clinical trials;     

a lower than expected frequency of clinical trial events;     

delays in obtaining clinical materials;     

slower than expected patient recruitment to participate in clinical trials;     

delays in reaching agreement on acceptable clinical trial agreement terms with prospective sites or obtaining institutional review board approval,     

delays in obtaining regulatory approval to commence new trials;     

changes to clinical trial protocols.     

   Delays in clinical trials can also result from difficulties in enrolling patients in our   potential future clinical trials, which could increase the costs or affect the timing or outcome of these clinical trials. This is particularly true with respect to diseases with relatively small patient populations. Timely completion of clinical trials depends, in addition to the factors outlined above, on our ability to enroll a sufficient number of patients, which itself is a function of many factors, including: 

the therapeutic endpoints chosen for evaluation;     

the eligibility criteria defined in the protocol;     

the perceived benefit of the investigational drug under study;     

the size of the patient population required for analysis of the clinical trial s therapeutic endpoints;     

our ability to recruit clinical trial investigators and sites with the appropriate competencies and experience;     

our ability to obtain and maintain patient consents; and     

competition for patients by clinical trial programs for other treatments.     

 If we do not successfully complete our potential future clinical trials on schedule, the price of our common stock may further decline. 
 29 

Our product candidates must undergo rig  orous clinical testing, the results of which are uncertain and could substantially delay or prevent us from bringing them to market.  
 Before we can obtain regulatory approval for a product candidate, we must undertake extensive clinical testing in humans to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of the FDA or other regulatory agencies. Clinical trials of new drug candidates sufficient to obtain regulatory marketing approval are expensive and take years to complete. 
 We cannot be certain of our successfully completing clinical testing within the time frames we have planned or anticipated, or at all. We may experience numerous unforeseen events during, or as a result of, the clinical trial process that could delay or prevent us from receiving regulatory approval or commercializing our product candidates, including the following: 

our clinical trials may produce negative or inconclusive results, such as the results in the 406 trial,   the MAESTRO trial and our Phase 2 proof-of-concept trials of   tarloxotinib  , and we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional clinical and/or preclinical testing or to abandon programs;     

the results obtained in earlier stage clinical testing may not be indicative of results in future clinical trials;     

clinical trial results may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA, the PMDA or other regulatory agencies;     

enrollment in clinical trials for our product candidates may be slower than we anticipate, resulting in significant delays and additional expense;     

we or regulators may suspend or terminate our clinical trials if the participating patients are being exposed to unacceptable health risks; and     

the effects of our product candidates on patients may not be the desired effects or may include undesirable side effects or other characteristics that may delay or preclude regulatory approval or limit their commercial use, if approved.     

 In addition, clinical results are susceptible to varying interpretations that may delay, limit or prevent regulatory approvals. Negative or inconclusive results or adverse safety events, including patient fatalities that may be attributable to our product candidates, during a clinical trial could cause the trial to be terminated or require additional studies. Furthermore, any of our future clinical trials may be overseen by IDMCs or Data and Safety Monitoring Boards, or DSMBs. These independent oversight bodies are comprised of external experts who review the progress of the ongoing clinical trials as well as safety from other trials, and make recommendations concerning a trial s continuation, modification, or termination based on periodic review of, unblinded data. Any of our potential future clinical trials overseen by an IDMC or DSMB may be discontinued or amended in response to recommendations made by responsible IDMCs or DSMBs based on their review of trial results and an IDMC or DSMB may determine to delay or suspend the trial due to safety or futility findings based on events occurring during a clinical trial. For example, in January 2016, we announced that an IDSMB concluded that our registrational Phase 2 clinical trial of evofosfamide plus pemetrexed versus pemetrexed alone in patients with non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer was unlikely to reach its primary endpoint of improving overall survival with statistical significance and, as a result, enrollment in this trial was closed and in connection therewith, we determined to cease enrollment in all Threshold-sponsored trials of evofosfamide.  The recommended termination or modification of any of our potential future clinical trials by an IDMC or DSMB, could materially and adversely impact the future development of our product candidates, and our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition may be materially harmed. 
 We are subject to significant regulatory\ approval requirements, which could delay, prevent or limit our ability to market our product candidates. 
 Our research and development activities, preclinical studies, clinical trials and the anticipated manufacturing and marketing of our product candidates are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA, the PMDA and other regulatory agencies in the United States and Japan and by comparable authorities in Europe and elsewhere. We require the approval of the relevant regulatory authorities before we may commence commercial sales of our product candidates in a given market. The regulatory approval process is expensive and time consuming, and the timing of receipt of regulatory approval is difficult to predict. Our product candidates could require a significantly longer time to gain regulatory approval than expected, or may never gain approval. We cannot be certain that, even after expending substantial time and financial resources, we will obtain regulatory approval for any of our product candidates. This was the case with the FDA, which would not accept an NDA based on the data from the MAESTRO study.  A delay or denial of regulatory approval could delay or prevent our ability to generate product revenues and to achieve profitability. 
 30 

Changes in regulatory approval policies during the development period of any of our product candidates, changes in, or the enactment of, additional regulations or statutes, or changes in regulatory review prac  tices for a submitted product application may cause a delay in obtaining approval or result in the rejection of an application for regulatory approval. Regulatory approval, if obtained, may be made subject to limitations on the indicated uses for which we   may market a product. These limitations could adversely affect our potential product revenues. Regulatory approval may also require costly post-marketing follow-up studies. In addition, the labeling, packaging, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising  , promotion and record-keeping related to the product will be subject to extensive ongoing regulatory requirements. Furthermore, for any marketed product, its manufacturer and its manufacturing facilities will be subject to continual review and periodic in  spections by the FDA or other regulatory authorities. Failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements may, among other things, result in fines, suspensions of regulatory approvals, product recalls, product seizures, operating restrictions and cri  minal prosecution.  
   Evofosfamide and TH-3424 are based on targeting the microenvironment of solid tumors and some hematological malignancies, which currently is an unproven approach to therapeutic intervention. 
 Our product candidates are designed to target the microenvironment of solid tumors and some hematological malignancies by, in the case of evofosfamide, harnessing hypoxia for selective toxin activation or in the case of TH-3424, harnessing the overexpression of AKR1C3 for selective toxin activation. We have not nor, to our knowledge, has any other company, received regulatory approval for a drug based on these approaches. We cannot be certain that our approaches will lead to the development of approvable or marketable drugs. Our approaches may lead to unintended, or off-target, adverse effects or may lack efficacy or contribution to efficacy in combination with other anti-cancer drugs. 
   In addition, the FDA, the PMDA or other regulatory agencies may lack experience in evaluating the safety and efficacy o  f drugs based on these targeting approaches, which could lengthen the regulatory review process, increase our development costs and delay or prevent commercialization of our current and potential future product candidates. 
 Our product candidates may have undesirable side effects that prevent or delay their regulatory approval or limit their use if approved. 
 Anti-tumor drugs being developed by us are expected to have undesirable side effects. For example, in clinical trials of evofosfamide, some patients have exhibited skin and/or mucosal toxicities that have in some cases caused patients to stop or delay  therapy. The extent, severity and clinical significance of these or other undesirable side effects may not be apparent initially and may be discovered or become more significant during drug development or even post-approval. These expected side effects or other side effects identified in the course of clinical trials or that may otherwise be associated with our product candidates may outweigh the benefits of our product candidates. Side effects may prevent or delay regulatory approval or limit market acceptance if our products are approved. In this regard, our product candidates may prove to have undesirable or unintended side effects or other characteristics adversely affecting their safety, efficacy or cost effectiveness that could prevent or limit their approval for marketing and successful commercial use, or that could delay or prevent the commencement and/or completion of clinical trials for our product candidates.  
 We have not yet gained sufficient experience with a commercial formulation of evofosfamide. 
       The formulation of evofosfamide that was the subject of our prior clinical trials   and is the subject of our planned Phase I clinical trial was changed to address issues with a prior formulation that was subject to storage and handling requirements that were not suitable for a commercial product. The current formulation of evofosfamide may be suitable for a commercial product, but additional data will be required to verify this and there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so in a timely manner, if at all. If we are not able to develop a viable commercial formulation of evofosfamide, then we may be required to conduct additional Phase 3 clinical trials of evofosfamide, or we may need to develop an alternative commercial formulation, either of which could delay, perhaps substantially, our ability to obtain any regulatory approvals of evofosfamide. 
   The initial clinical formulations developed for TH-34  24 or other potential future product candidates may not remain stable throughout the clinical testing phase. 
 We have limited experience and data on the drug substance synthesis and the initial formulation for TH-3424. This initial formulation and those of our potential future product candidates may not remain stable during the clinical testing phase.  If these formulations were found to be unstable during clinical testing, we may be required to repeat the initial clinical trials which could increase our costs and delay the development of the applicable product candidate.  We may be required to reformulate these product candidates, including TH-3424, to improve stability. However, it is possible that we might not be able to develop a formulation of TH-3424 or other future product candidates with adequate quality that meets the need for testing in our clinical trials. We may also be required to perform additional clinical bridging studies which may further delay development. We may also be unable to scale up the manufacturing process to synthesize the current drug substance and current formulations, or the newly developed formulations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to advance the development of, and potentially obtain regulatory approval of, the applicable product candidate. 
 31 

Even though we have received orphan drug designation for evofosfamide, we may not receive orphan drug marketing exclusivity for evofosfamide. Even if we obtain orphan drug exclusivity, orphan drug exclusivity would afford us   limited protection, and if another party obtains orphan drug exclusivity for the drugs and indications we are targeting, we may be precluded from commercializing our product candidates in those indications.  
 We have received orphan drug designation for evofosfamide for the treatment of pancreatic cancer in the United States and the European Union or EU. Under the Orphan Drug Act in the United States, the FDA may grant orphan drug designation to drugs intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is defined by the FDA as a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States. In the EU, orphan drug designation is provided for a drug that is intended to diagnose, prevent or treat a life-threatening or chronically debilitating condition which affects no more than 5 in 10,000 individuals in the EU (approximately 245,000 individuals) and for which no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment of the condition already exists, or if such method does exist, that the orphan product must be of significant benefit to the patient population over existing products. The company that obtains the first FDA approval for a designated orphan drug indication receives marketing exclusivity for use of that drug for that indication for a period of seven years in the U.S. and 10 years for the EU. The orphan drug designation also allows a waiver or reduction in select regulatory fees. Orphan drug exclusive marketing rights may be lost if the FDA later determines that the request for designation was materially defective, or if the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantity of the drug. Orphan drug designation does not shorten the development or regulatory review time of a drug. 
 Even if we obtain orphan drug exclusivity for evofosfamide, orphan drug exclusivity may not prevent other market entrants. A different drug, or, under limited circumstances, the same drug may be approved by the FDA for the same orphan indication. The limited circumstances include an inability to supply the drug in sufficient quantities or where a new formulation of the drug has shown superior safety or efficacy. As a result, if evofosfamide were approved for pancreatic cancer, other drugs could still be approved for use in treating the same indications covered by evofosfamide, which could create a more competitive market for us. 
 Moreover, due to the uncertainties associated with developing pharmaceutical products, we may not be the first to obtain marketing approval for any orphan drug indication. Although we have obtained orphan drug designation, if a competitor obtains regulatory approval for evofosfamide for the same indication we are targeting before we do, we would be blocked from obtaining approval for that indication for seven years, unless our product is a new formulation of the drug that has shown superior safety or efficacy, or the competitor is unable to supply sufficient quantities. 
 The  fast track  designation for development of any of our product candidates may not lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process and it does not increase the likelihood the product candidate will receive regulatory approval. 
       If a product candidate is intended for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening condition and the product candidate demonstrates the potential to address unmet medical needs for this condition, the drug sponsor may apply for FDA  fast track  designation for a particular indication.  Marketing applications filed by sponsors of product candidates in the fast track p  rocess may qualify for priority review under the policies and procedures offered by the FDA, but the fast track designation does not assure any such review. Although Merck KGaA obtained fast track designation for the development of evofosfamide administered in combination with gemcitabine for the treatment of previously untreated patients with metastatic or locally advanced unresectable pancreatic cancer, receipt of fast track designation does not ensure a faster development process, review or FDA approval.   In addition, the FDA may withdraw our fast track designation at any time. If we are able to raise sufficient funding for additional clinical development of evofosfamide through new collaborative, partnering or other strategic arrangements with third parties or other financing alternatives, but we   lose fast track designation for evofosfamide, the FDA approval process may be delayed. In addition, fast track designation does not guarantee that we will be able to take advantage of the expedited review procedures and does not increase the likelihood that evofosfamide will receive any regulatory approvals. 
 32 

Failure to successfully develop and obtain regulatory approval for companion diagnostics could harm our drug development and commercialization strategy.  
   In March 2013, we announced the acquisition of [18F]-HX4 [flortanidazole (18F)] from Siemens Healthcare. [18F]-HX4 is an investigational radiolabeled hypoxia Positron Emission Tomography tracer developed by Siemens Healthcare Molecular Imaging to potentially identify and quantify the degree of hypoxia in tumors  in vivo . [18F]-HX4 could potentially be used as a companion diagnostic to hypoxia-targeted therapeutics. A companion diagnostic is a test or measurement intended to assist physicians in making treatment de  cisions for their patients. Subject to the receipt of additional funding, we initially intend to develop [18F]-HX4 to determine a patient s tumor hypoxia profile, which may identify patients who will best respond to evofosfamide. Companion diagnostics are subject to regulation by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities as medical devices and require separate regulatory approval prior to commercialization. We may encounter difficulties in developing and obtaining approval for [18F]-HX4, including issues relating to selectivity/specificity, analytical validation, reproducibility, or clinical validation, and we may have difficulties gaining market acceptance of the use of [18F]-HX4 in the clinical or medical community. Because [18F]-HX4 is at an early stage of development, we have yet to seek a meeting with the FDA, the PMDA or any other regulatory authorities to discuss our potential [18F]-HX4 companion diagnostic development plans, and therefore cannot yet know what these regulatory authorities will require in order to obtain regulatory approval of [18F]-HX4. In any event, we may not be able to develop or obtain any regulatory approval or clearance for [18F]-HX4, and we may therefore not realize any return on our investment in [18F]-HX4. 
       Even if we obtain regulatory   approvals   for our current and potential future product candidates  , our marketed drugs will be subject to ongoing regulatory review. If we fail to comply with continuing U.S. and foreign regulations, we could lose our approvals to market drugs and our business would be seriously harmed. 
         Following initial regulatory approval of any drugs we may develop, we will be subject to continuing regulatory review, including review of adverse drug experiences and clinical results that are reported after our drug products become commercially available. This would include results from any post-marketing tests or vigilance required as a condition of approval. The manufacturer and manufacturing facilities used to make any of our drug candidates w  ill also be subject to periodic review and inspection by regulatory agencies, including the PMDA should we be able to obtain regulatory approval of evofosfamide in Japan. If a previously unknown problem or problems with a product or a manufacturing and lab  oratory facility used by us is discovered, regulatory agencies, including potentially   the PMDA, may impose restrictions on that product or on the manufacturing facility, including requiring us to withdraw the product from the market. Any changes to an approved product, including the way it is manufactured or promoted, often require regulatory approval before the product, as modified, can be marketed. Manufacturers of our products, if approved, will be subject to ongoing regulatory agency requirements for su  bmission of safety and other post- market information. If such manufacturers fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, a regulatory agency may: 

issue warning letters;     

impose civil or criminal penalties;     

suspend or withdraw our regulatory approval;     

suspend or terminate any of our ongoing clinical trials;     

refuse to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us;     

impose restrictions on our operations;     

close the facilities of our contract manufacturers;     

seize or detain products or require a product recall, or     

revise or restrict labeling and promotion.     

 33 

Regulatory authorities may impose significant restrictions on the indicated uses and marketing of pharmaceutical products.  
     Even if we obtain regulatory approval for evofosfamide, we would be subject to ongoing requirements by the regulatory authorities governing the manufacture, quality control, further development, labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, safety surveillance, import, export, advertising, promotion, recordkeeping and reporting of safety and other post-market information. The safety profile of any product will continue to be closely monitored by regulatory authorities after approval. If the regulatory authorities become aware of new safety information after approval of any of our product candidates, they may require labeling changes or establishment of a REMS or similar strategy, impose significant restrictions on a product s indicated uses or marketing, or impose ongoing requirements for potentially costly post-approval studies or post-market surveillance. For example, the label ultimately approved for evofosfamide, if it achieves marketing approval, may include restrictions on use. Advertising and promotion of any product candidate that obtains approval will be heavily scrutinized by government agencies and the public. Violations, including promotion of our products for unapproved or off-label uses, are subject to enforcement letters, inquiries and investigations, and civil and criminal sanctions b  y regulatory authorities. Engaging in impermissible promotion of any approved products for off-label uses could also subject us to false claims litigation under U.S.   federal and state statutes and comparable foreign rules and regulations, which could lead to civil and criminal penalties and fines and agreements that materially restrict the manner in which we promote or distribute any approved products. 
 If we do not lawfully promote any approved products, we may become subject to such litigation and, if we are not successful in defending against such actions, those actions could compromise our ability to become profitable. 
 We do not have a sales force or marketing infrastructure and may not develop an effective one. 
 We have no sales experience, as a company. There are risks involved with establishing our own sales and marketing capabilities, as well as entering into arrangements with third parties to perform these services. Developing an internal sales force and function will require substantial expenditures and will be time-consuming, and we may not be able to effectively recruit, train or retain sales personnel. On the other hand, if we enter into arrangements with third parties to perform sales, marketing and distribution services, our product revenues will be lower than if we market and sell any products that we develop ourselves. We may not be able to effectively sell our product candidates, if approved, which could materially harm our business and our financial condition. 
 34 

Risks Related to Our Financial Per  formance and Operations  
 We have incurred losses since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future, and our future profitability is uncertain. 
                   Due to the recognition of the remaining $65.9 million of deferred revenue from our former collaboration with Merck KGaA during the quarter ended December 31, 2015, we reported net income of $ 43.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2015.  However, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 we had a net loss of $20.4 million and we  have incurred losses in each of our other years since our inception in 2001, and we expect to incur losses for the foreseeable future. We have devoted and, subject to our ability to obtain additional funding and to otherwise   meaningfully advance the development of our product candidates, we   expect to continue to devote, substantially all of our resources to the development of evofosfamide. Accordingly, our future prospects remain dependent on the successful development, regulatory approval and commercialization of evofosfamide. In this regard, a substantial portion of our efforts have been devoted to the two pivotal Phase 3 clinical trials of evofosfamide. The failure of the 406 trial and the MAESTRO trial to meet their primary endpoints of  demonstrating a statistically significant improvement in overall survival as agreed upon with the FDA, based on our analyses for the 406 trial and Merck KGaA s analyses for the MAESTRO trial, has significantly depressed our stock price and   harmed our future prospects. Likewise, the announcement of our decision to discontinue the development of  tarloxotinib following our analysis of the interim results of two Phase 2 proof-of-concept trials of tarloxotinib has  depressed our stock price and harmed our future prospects.    Although we have conducted  our own analyses of the data from MAESTRO trial and  intend to review and discuss the results of our analyses  with the PMDA in Japan  to determine whether there is an appropriate path forward for submitting marketing authorization applications based on the data from the MAESTRO trial, the PMDA and other health regulatory authorities may determine that the data from the MAESTRO trial are insufficient to support the approval of any marketing authorizations and that one or more additional clinical trials of  evofosfamide    would be required to be successfully conducted by us in order to support any such approval, including with respect to the Japanese sub-population we are targeting. If we are required to successfully conduct and complete any additional clinical trials of  evofosfamide  in order to support potential approval of  evofosfamide in Japan , we would be required to obtain additional capital and there can be no assurances that we would be successful in obt  aining the additional funding, whether through new collaborative,   partnering or other strategic arrangements or otherwise, necessary to support any additional clinical development of  evofosfamide.   Moreover, apart from the  planned Phase I clinical trial of  evofosfamide, we cannot currently predict whether and to what extent we may continue or increase evofosfamide development activities in future periods, if at all, and what our future cash needs may be for any such activities.  For these and other reasons, we cannot assure you that we will be able to advance the development of evofosfamide.   In such event, we may be required to abandon the development of  evofosfamide  and forego any return on our investment from our  evofosfamide  program, which would severely harm our future prospects and may cause us to cease operations.  In any event,    we do not expect to generate any revenue from the commercial sales of evofosfamide or any potential future   product candidates, including TH-3424, in the near term, and we expect to continue to have significant losses for the foreseeable future. 
 To attain ongoing profitability, we will need to develop products successfully and market and sell them effectively, or rely on other parties to do so. We cannot predict when we will achieve ongoing profitability, if at all. We have never generated revenue from the commercial sales of our product candidates, and there is no guarantee that we will be able to do so in the future. If we fail to become profitable, or if we are unable to fund our continuing losses, we would be unable to continue our research and development programs. 
     We need substantial additional funding and may be unable to raise capital, which could force us to delay, reduce or eliminate our drug discovery, product development and commercialization activities. 
 Developing drugs, conducting clinical trials, and commercializing products is expensive. Our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including: 

the terms and timing of any future collaborative,   licensing, acquisition or other strategic arrangements that we may establish for our product candidates;     

the amount and timing of any licensing fees, milestone payments and royalty payments from potential future partners or collaborators, if any;      

the amount and timing of contingent licensing fees, milestone payments and royalty payments that we are obligated to pay to third parties;     

the scope, rate of progress and cost of our potential   clinical trials, including our   planned Phase I clinical trial of   evofosfamide, and other development activities;     

the costs and timing of obtaining regulatory approvals;     

the cost of manufacturing clinical, and establishing commercial, supplies of our product candidates and any products that we may develop;     

 35 

the cost and timing   of establishing sales, marketing and distribution capabilities;     

the costs of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any patent applications, claims, patents and other intellectual property rights;     

the cost and timing of securing manufacturing capabilities for our clinical product candidates and commercial products, if any; and     

the costs of lawsuits involving us or our product candidates.     

                       We believe that our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will be sufficient to fund our projected oper  ating requirements for at least the next twelve   months based upon current operating plans and spending assumptions. However, we will need to raise substantial   additional capital to meaningfully advance the clinical development of evofosfamide and TH-3424,   whether through new collaborative, partnering   or other strategic arrangements or otherwise, and to in-license or otherwise acquire and develop additional product candidates or programs.    In particular, our ability to meaningfully advance the clinical devel  opment of evofosfamide and TH-3424   is dependent upon our ability to enter into new partnering,   collaborative or other strategic   arrangements for evofosfamide and TH-3424, or to otherwise obtain sufficient additional funding for such development, particular  ly since we are no longer eligible to receive any further milestone payments or other funding from Merck KGaA for evofosfamide, including the  70% of worldwide development costs for evofosfamide that were previously borne by Merck KGaA . 
   While we have been a  ble to fund our operations to date, we currently have no ongoing collaborations for the development and commercialization of  evofosfamide or TH-3424,  and no source of revenue, nor do we expect to generate revenue for the foreseeable future. We also do not have any commitments for future external funding.    Until we can generate a sufficient amount of product revenue, which we may never do, we expect to finance future cash needs  through a variety of sources, including:  

the public equity market;     

private equity financing;     

collaborative arrangements;     

licensing arrangements; and/or     

public or private debt.     

         Our ability to raise additional funds and the terms upon which we are able to raise such funds have been severely harmed by the negative results reported from our two pivotal Phase 3 clinical trials of    evofosfamide  and our decision to discontinue development of tarloxotinib, and may in the future be adversely impacted by the uncertainty regarding the prospects for future development of  evofosfamide    and TH-3424 and our ability to advance the development of e vofosfamide    or  TH-3424 or otherwise  realize any return on our investments in e vofosfamide    or  TH-3424 , if at all. Our ability to raise additional funds and the terms upon which we are able to raise such funds may also be adversely affected by the uncertainties regarding our financial condition, the sufficiency of our capital resources, our ability to maintain the listing of our common stock on The NASDAQ Capital Market and recent and potential future management turnover. As a result of these and other factors, we  cannot be certain that sufficient funds will be available to us or on satisfactory terms, if at all.  To the extent we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may experience significant dilution, particularly given our currently depressed stock price, and debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants.  If adequate funds are not available, we may be required to significantly reduce or refocus our operations or to obtain funds through arrangements that may require us to relinquish rights to our product candidates, technologies or potential markets, any of which could  result in our stockholders having little or no continuing interest in our  evofosfamide  or  TH-3424  programs as stockholders or otherwise, or which could  delay or require that we curtail or eliminate some or all of our development activities or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.   
 If we are unable to secure additional funding on a timely basis or on terms favorable to us, we may be required to cease or reduce any product development activities, to conduct additional workforce reductions, to sell some or all of our technology or assets or to merge all or a portion of our business with another entity. Insufficient funds may require us to delay, scale back, or eliminate some or all of our activities, and if we are unable to obtain additional funding, there is uncertainty regarding our continued existence. 
 Our financial results are likely to fluctuate from period to period, making it difficult to evaluate our stock based on financial performance. 
     We believe that period-to-period comparisons of our operating results should not be relied upon as predictive of future performance. Our prospects must be considered in light of the risks, expens  es and difficulties encountered by companies with no approved pharmaceutical products, and with only product   candidate in clinical development. 
 36 

Our success depends in part on attracting, retaining and motivating key personnel and, if we fail to do so, it m  ay be more difficult for us to execute our business strategy. As a small organization we are dependent on key employees and we will need to hire additional personnel to execute our business strategy successfully.  
 Our success depends on our continued ability to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified management, clinical and scientific personnel and on our ability to develop and maintain important relationships with leading academic institutions, clinicians and scientists. We are highly dependent upon our senior management and scientific staff, particularly our Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Harold E. Selick. We do not have an employment agreement with Dr. Selick. The loss of the services of Dr. Selick or one or more of our other key employees could delay or adversely impact the development of our product candidates. 
   In December 2015, we announced  a workforce reduction constituting approximately two-thirds of our workforce and    as of September 30, 2016, we had only 17 employees, including as a result of our September 2016 workforce reduction. Our success will depend on our ability to retain and motivate remaining personnel and hire additional qualified personnel when required, and our history of implementing workforce reductions, along with the potential for future workforce reductions, may negatively affect our ability to retain and/or attract talented employees. In addition, competition for qualified personnel in the biotechnology field is intense. We face competition for personnel from other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, universities, public and private research institutions and other organizations. We may not be able to attract and retain qualified personnel on acceptable terms given the competition for such personnel. If we are unsuccessful in our retention, motivation and recruitment efforts, we may be unable to execute our business strategy.   
         In addition, certain members of our management terms were part of our December 2015 and September 2016 workforce   reductions, including our former sen  ior vice presidents of regulatory affairs and pharmaceutical development and manufacturing as well as our former Chief Scientific Officer and our former Chief Operating Officer. Management transition inherently causes some loss of institutional knowledge, which can negatively affect strategy and execution and disrupt our ability to successfully manage and grow our business, and our results of operations and financial condition could suffer as a result.  
 Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of data security could adversely affect our business. 
 Our business is increasingly dependent on critical, complex and interdependent information technology systems, including Internet-based systems, to support business processes as well as internal and external communications. The size and complexity of our computer systems make them potentially vulnerable to breakdown, malicious intrusion and computer viruses that may result in the impairment of production and key business processes. 
 In addition, our systems are potentially vulnerable to data security breaches   whether by employees or others   that may expose sensitive data to unauthorized persons. Such data security breaches could lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, or could lead to the public exposure of personal information (including sensitive personal information) of our employees, clinical trial patients, customers and others. Such disruptions and breaches of security could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 Under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, if a corporation undergoes an  ownership change,  generally defined as a greater than 50% change (by value) in its equity ownership over a three-year period, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes (such as research tax credits) to offset its post- change taxable income or taxes may be limited. Our prior and potential future equity offerings and other changes in our stock ownership, some of which are outside of our control, may have resulted or could in the future result in an ownership change. If a limitation were to apply, utilization of a portion of our domestic net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards could be limited in future periods and a portion of the carryforwards could expire before being available to reduce future income tax liabilities. 
 Our facilities in California are located near an earthquake fault, and an earthquake or other natural disaster or resource shortage could disrupt our operations. 
 Important documents and records, such as hard copies of our laboratory books and records for our product candidates, are located in our corporate facilities in South San Francisco, California, near active earthquake zones. In the event of a natural disaster, such as an earthquake, drought or flood, or localized extended outages of critical utilities or transportation systems, we do not have a formal business continuity or disaster recovery plan, and could therefore experience a significant business interruption. In addition, California from time to time has experienced shortages of water, electric power and natural gas. Future shortages and conservation measures could disrupt our operations and could result in additional expense. Although we maintain business interruption insurance coverage, the policy specifically excludes coverage for earthquake and flood. 
 37 

Risks Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties  
     We rely on third parties to manufacture evofosfamide and expect to rely on third parties to manufacture any other potential future product candidates that we may develop. If these parties do not manufacture the active pharmaceutical ingredients or finished drug products of satisfactory quality, in a timely manner, in sufficient quantities or at an acceptable cost, clinical development and commercialization of evofosfamide and any other product candidates we may develop could be delayed. 
 We do not have our own manufacturing capability for the evofosfamide active pharmaceutical ingredient, or API, or evofosfamide drug product. To date, we have relied on, and we expect to continue to rely on, a limited number of third party contract manufacturers and excipient suppliers for the evofosfamide API and evofosfamide drug product to meet our clinical supply needs of evofosfamide. We have no long-term commitments or commercial supply agreements with any of our evofosfamide suppliers. Our current and anticipated future dependence upon others for the manufacture of our product candidates may adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize any product candidates on a timely and competitive basis. 
   We need to have sufficient evofosfamide API and drug product manufactured to meet the clinical supply demands for our clinical trials. If we are not successful in having sufficient quantities of evofosfamide API and drug product manufactured, or if manufacturing is interrupted at our contract manufacturers and excipient suppliers for evofosfamide API and our evofosfamide drug product manufacturers due to regulatory or other reasons, or consume more drug product than anticipated because of a higher than expected trial utilization or have quality issues that limit the utilization of the drug product, we may experience a significant delay in our evofosfamide clinical program. In any event, we will need to order additional evofosfamide API and drug product and we have in the past experienced delays in the receipt of satisfactory drug product, and any additional delays we may experience in the receipt of satisfactory evofosfamide API or drug product could cause significant delays in our potential future evofosfamide clinical trials, which would harm our business. Moreover the need for additional supplies and preparation for registration may require manufacturing process improvements in evofosfamide API and drug product. The manufacturing processes improvements for the evofosfamide API may require facilities upgrades at our suppliers, which may lead to delays or disruption in supply, or delays in regulatory approval of evofosfamide. Changes to the formulation of evofosfamide for our potential future clinical trials may also require bridging studies to demonstrate the comparability of the new formulation with the old. These studies may delay our clinical trials and may not be successful. Even if we are successful in raising the additional capital necessary to   meaningfully advance the development of evofosfamide, if we are not successful in procuring sufficient evofosfamide clinical trial material, we may experience a significant delay in our evofosfamide clinical program. Finally, we have not engaged any backup or alternative suppliers for parts of our evofosfamide supply chain for our potential future evofosfamide clinical trials. If we are required to engage a backup or alternative supplier, the transfer of technical expertise and manufacturing process to the backup or alternative supplier would be difficult, costly and time-consuming and would increase the likelihood of a significant delay or interruption in manufacturing or a shortage of supply of evofosfamide. 
 In any event, additional agreements for more supplies of each of our product candidates, including evofosfamide, will be needed to complete clinical development and/or commercialize them. In this regard, we may need to enter into agreements for additional supplies of evofosfamide to commercialize it or develop such capability itself. We cannot be certain that we can do so on favorable terms, if at all. We will need to satisfy all current good manufacturing practice, or cGMP, regulations, including passing specifications. Our inability to satisfy these requirements could delay our clinical programs and the potential commercialization of evofosfamide if approved for commercial sale. 
       If evofosfamide or any of our other product candidates is approved by the FDA, the PMDA or other regulatory agencies for commercial sale, we will need to have it manufactured in commercial quantities. It may not be possible to successfully manufacture commercial quantities of evofosfamide or increase the manufacturing capacity for evofosf  amide or any of our other product candidates in a timely or economically feasible manner. Prior to commercial launch of evofosfamide, we may be required to manufacture additional validation batches, which the FDA, the PMDA and other regulatory agencies must review and approve. If we are unable to successfully manufacture the additional validation batches or increase the manufacturing capacity for evofosfamide or any other product candidates, the regulatory approval or commercial launch of that product candidate may be delayed, or there may be a shortage of supply which could limit sales. 
 In addition, if the facility or the equipment in the facility that produces our product candidates is significantly damaged or destroyed, adversely impacted by an action of a regulatory agency or if the facility is located in another country and trade or commerce with or exportation from such country is interrupted or delayed, we may be unable to replace the manufacturing capacity quickly or inexpensively. The inability to obtain manufacturing agreements, the damage or destruction of a facility on which we rely for manufacturing or any other delays in obtaining supply would delay or prevent us from completing our clinical trials and commercializing our current product candidates. 
 38 

In addition, the evofosfamide formulation includes excipients that might be available from a limited number of suppliers. We have not signed long term supply agreements with these excipient suppliers. We will need to enter into long term supply agreeme  nts to ensure uninterrupted supply of these excipients to continuously manufacture clinical batches or commercial supplies, which we may be unable to do in a timely or economically feasible manner or at all.  
     We also expect to rely on contract manufacturers or other third parties to produce sufficient quantities of clinical trial product for any other product candidates that we may develop. It is possible that we might not be able to develop a formulation for TH-3424 with adequate quality that meets the need   for testing in our clinical trials. In any event, in order for us to commence any potential future clinical trials of our current and potential future product candidates  , including our planned Phase I clinical trial of evofosfamide, we need to obtain or have manufactured sufficient quantities of clinical trial product and there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain sufficient quantities of clinical trial product in a timely manner or at all. Any delay in receiving sufficient supplies of clinical trial product for our potential future studies could negatively impact our development programs. 
 We have no control over our manufacturers  and suppliers  compliance with manufacturing regulations, and their failure to comply could result in an interruption in the supply of our product candidates. 
 The facilities used by our single source contract manufacturers must undergo an inspection by the FDA, the PMDA and other foreign agencies for compliance with cGMP regulations, before the respective product candidates can be approved in their region. In the event these facilities do not receive a satisfactory cGMP inspection for the manufacture of our product candidates, we may need to fund additional modifications to our manufacturing process, conduct additional validation studies, or find alternative manufacturing facilities, any of which would result in significant cost to us as well as a delay of up to several years in obtaining approval for such product candidate. In addition, our contract manufacturers, and any alternative contract manufacturer we may utilize, will be subject to ongoing periodic inspection by the FDA and corresponding state agencies, the PMDA and other foreign agencies for compliance with cGMP regulations, similar foreign regulations and other regulatory standards. We do not have control over our contract manufacturers  compliance with these regulations and standards. Any failure by our third-party manufacturers or suppliers to comply with applicable regulations could result in sanctions being imposed on them (including fines, injunctions and civil penalties), failure of regulatory authorities to grant marketing approval of our product candidates, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, warning letters, license revocation, seizures or recalls of product candidates or products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. 
   We expect to rely on third parties to conduct some of our   potential future clinical trials, and their failure to perform their obligations in a timely or competent manner may delay development and commercialization of our product candidates. 
   We may use clinical research organizations to assist in conduct of our clinical trials. There are numerous alternative sources to provide these services. However, we may face delays outside of our control if these parties do not perform their obligations in a timely or competent fashion or if we are forced to change service providers. This risk is heightened for clinical trials conducted outside of the United States, where it may b  e more difficult to ensure that clinical trials are conducted in compliance with FDA and applicable foreign regulatory requirements. Any third-party that we hire to conduct clinical trials may also provide services to our competitors, which could compromise the performance of their obligations to us. If we experience significant delays in the progress of our future clinical trials, if any, and in our plans to submit NDAs to the FDA and PMDA, the commercial prospects for product candidates could be harmed and our ability to generate product revenue would be delayed or prevented. 
 We are dependent on Eleison Pharmaceuticals, Inc. to develop and commercialize glufosfamide 
 We are dependent upon Eleison Pharmaceuticals, Inc., or Eleison to whom we exclusively licensed glufosfamide in October 2009, to develop and commercialize glufosfamide. Any profit sharing or other payments to us under the Eleison license depend almost entirely upon the efforts of Eleison, which may not be able to raise sufficient funds to continue clinical development activities with glufosfamide. Even if Eleison is successful at raising sufficient funding, it may not be successful in developing and commercializing glufosfamide. We may also be asked to provide technical assistance related to the development of glufosfamide, which may divert our resources from other activities. If the Eleison license terminates in such a way that glufosfamide reverts to us and we seek alternative arrangements with one or more other parties to develop and commercialize glufosfamide, we may not be able to enter into such an agreement with another suitable third party or third parties on acceptable terms or at all. In such event, since we have no further development plans for glufosfamide, we may not receive any further return on our investment in glufosfamide. 
 39 

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property  
     Hypoxia- and AKR1C3-targeted prodrug technology is not a platform technology broadly protected by patents, and others may be able to develop competitive drugs using this approach. 
         Although we have U.S. and foreign issued patents that cover certain hypoxia- and AKR1C3 -targeted prodrugs, including evofosfamide and TH-3424, respectively, we have no issued patents or pending patent applications that would prevent others from   taking advantage of hypoxia- and AKR1C3-prodrug technology generally to discover and develop new therapies for cancer or other diseases. Consequently, our competitors may seek to discover and develop potential therapeutics that operate by mechanisms of action that are the same or similar to the mechanisms of action of our hypoxia-   and AKR1C3-prodrug product candidates. 
 We are dependent on patents and proprietary technology. If we fail to adequately protect this intellectual property or if we otherwise do not have exclusivity for the marketing of our products, our ability to commercialize products could suffer. 
 Our commercial success will depend in part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection sufficient to prevent others from marketing our product candidates, as well as to defend and enforce these patents against infringement and to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of others. We will only be able to protect our product candidates from unauthorized use by third parties to the extent that valid and enforceable patents cover our product candidates or their manufacture or use or if they are effectively protected by trade secrets. If our patent applications do not result in issued patents, or if our patents are found to be invalid, we will lose the ability to exclude others from making, using or selling the inventions claimed therein. We have a limited number of patents and pending patent applications. 
 The patent positions of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies can be highly uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions. No consistent policy regarding the breadth of claims allowed in biotechnology patents has emerged to date in the United States. The laws of many countries may not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as United States laws, and those countries may lack adequate rules and procedures for defending our intellectual property rights. Changes in either patent laws or in interpretations of patent laws in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our intellectual property. We do not know whether any of our patent applications will result in the issuance of any patents and we cannot predict the breadth of claims that may be allowed in our patent applications or in the patent applications we may license from others. 
 The degree of future protection for our proprietary rights is uncertain because legal means afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep our competitive advantage. For example: 

we might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by each of our pending patent applications and issued patents, and we may have to participate in expensive and protracted interference proceedings to determine priority of invention;     

we might not have been the first to file patent applications for these inventions;     

others may independently develop identical, similar or alternative product candidates to any of our product candidates;     

our pending patent applications may not result in issued patents;     

our issued patents may not provide a basis for commercially viable products or may not provide us with any competitive advantages or may be challenged by third parties;     

others may design around our patent claims to produce competitive products that fall outside the scope of our patents;     

we may not develop additional patentable proprietary technologies related to our product candidates; or     

the patents of others may prevent us from marketing one or more of our product candidates for one or more indications that may be valuable to our business strategy.     

 40 

Moreover, an issued patent does not guarantee us the right to practice the patented technology or commercialize the patented product. Third parties may have blocking patents that co  uld be used to prevent us from commercializing our patented products and practicing our patented technology. Our issued patents and those that may be issued in the future may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, which could limit our ability to prev  ent competitors from marketing the same or related product candidates or could limit the length of the term of patent protection of our product candidates. In addition, the rights granted under any issued patents may not provide us with proprietary protect  ion or competitive advantages against competitors with similar technology. Furthermore, our competitors may independently develop similar technologies. Moreover, because of the extensive time required for development, testing and regulatory review of a pot  ential product, it is possible that, before any of our product candidates can be commercialized, any related patent may expire or remain in force for only a short period following commercialization, thereby reducing any advantage of the patent. Patent term   extensions may not be available for these patents. If we are not able to obtain adequate protection for, or defend, the intellectual property position of evofosfamide or any other potential future product candidates, then we may not be able to retain or a  ttract collaborators to partner our development programs, including evofosfamide. Further, even if we can obtain protection for and defend the intellectual property position of evofosfamide or any potential future product candidates, we or any of our poten    tial future   strategic partners       still may not be able to exclude competitors from developing or marketing competing drugs. Should this occur, we, and potential future   strategic partners     may not generate any revenues or profits from evofosfamide or any poten    tial future product candidates  , including TH-3424,     or our revenue or profit potential would be significantly diminished.  
 We rely on trade secrets and other forms of non-patent intellectual property protection. If we are unable to protect our trade secrets, other companies may be able to compete more effectively against us. 
 We rely on trade secrets to protect certain aspects of our technology, especially where we do not believe patent protection is appropriate or obtainable. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect, especially in the pharmaceutical industry, where much of the information about a product must be made public during the regulatory approval process. Although we use reasonable efforts to protect our trade secrets, our employees, consultants, contractors, outside scientific collaborators and other advisors may unintentionally or willfully disclose our information to competitors. Enforcing a claim that a third party illegally obtained and is using our trade secret information is expensive and time consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, courts outside the United States may be less willing to or may not protect trade secrets. Moreover, our competitors may independently develop equivalent knowledge, methods and know-how. 
 If we are sued for infringing intellectual property rights of third parties or if we are forced to engage in an interference proceeding, it will be costly and time consuming, and an unfavorable outcome in that litigation or interference would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Our ability to commercialize our product candidates depends on our ability to develop, manufacture, market and sell our product candidates without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. Numerous United States and foreign patents and patent applications, which are owned by third parties, exist in the general field of cancer therapies or in fields that otherwise may relate to our product candidates. If we are shown to infringe, we could be enjoined from use or sale of the claimed invention if we are unable to prove that the patent is invalid. In addition, because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending patent applications, unknown to us, which may later result in issued patents that our product candidates may infringe, or which may trigger an interference proceeding regarding one of our owned or licensed patents or applications. There could also be existing patents of which we are not aware that our product candidates may inadvertently infringe or which may become involved in an interference proceeding. 
 The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are characterized by the existence of a large number of patents and frequent litigation based on allegations of patent infringement. For so long as our product candidates are in clinical trials, we believe our clinical activities fall within the scope of the exemptions provided by 35 U.S.C. Section 271(e) in the United States, which exempts from patent infringement liability activities reasonably related to the development and submission of information to the FDA. As our clinical investigational drug product candidates progress toward commercialization, the possibility of a patent infringement claim against us increases. While we attempt to ensure that our active clinical investigational drugs and the methods we employ to manufacture them, as well as the methods for their use we intend to promote, do not infringe other parties  patents and other proprietary rights, we cannot be certain they do not, and competitors or other parties may assert that we infringe their proprietary rights in any event. 
 We may be exposed to future litigation based on claims that our product candidates, or the methods we employ to manufacture them, or the uses for which we intend to promote them, infringe the intellectual property rights of others. Our ability to manufacture and commercialize our product candidates may depend on our ability to demonstrate that the manufacturing processes we employ and the use of our product candidates do not infringe third-party patents. If third-party patents were found to cover our product candidates or their use or manufacture, we could be required to pay damages or be enjoined and therefore unable to commercialize our product candidates, unless we obtained a license. A license may not be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. 
 41 

Risks Related To Our Industry  
 If our competitors are able to develop and market products that are more effective, safer or more affordable than ours, or obtain marketing approval before we do, our commercial opportunities may be limited. 
     Competition in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries is intense and continues to increase, particularly in the area of cancer treatment. Most major pharmaceutical companies and many biotechnology companies are aggressively pursuing oncology development programs, including traditional therapies and therapies with novel mechanisms of action. Our cancer product candidates face competition from established biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies and from generic pharmaceutical manufacturers. In particular, if approved for commercial sale for pancreatic cancer, evofosfamide would compete with Gemzar , marketed by Eli Lilly and Company; Tarceva , marketed by Roche/Genentech and Astellas Oncology; Abraxane  marketed by Celgene; and FOLFIRINOX, which is a combination of generic products that are sold individually by many manufacturers. There may also be product candidates of which we are not aware at an earlier sta  ge of development that may compete with evofosfamide or other potential future   product candidates, including TH-3424, we may develop. In short, each cancer indication for which we are or may be developing product candidates has a number of established medical therapies with which our candidates will compete. Our evofosfamide product candidate for targeting the tumor hypoxia is likely to be in highly competitive markets and may eventually compete with other therapies offered by companies who are developing or were developing drugs that target tumor hypoxia. 
 We also face potential competition from academic institutions, government agencies and private and public research institutions engaged in the discovery and development of drugs and therapies. Many of our competitors have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals, manufacturing, sales and marketing than we do. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established pharmaceutical companies. 
 Our competitors may succeed in developing products that are more effective, have fewer side effects and are safer or more affordable than our product candidates, which would render our product candidates less competitive or noncompetitive. These competitors also compete with us to recruit and retain qualified scientific and management personnel, establish clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as to acquire technologies and technology licenses complementary to our programs or advantageous to our business. Moreover, competitors that are able to achieve patent protection obtain regulatory approvals and commence commercial sales of their products before we do, and competitors that have already done so, may enjoy a significant competitive advantage. 
 Our relationships with customers and third-party payors will be subject to applicable anti-kickback, fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm and diminished profits and future earnings. 
 Healthcare providers, physicians and third-party payors will play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. Our future arrangements with third-party payors and customers may expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we would market, sell and distribute our products. As a biotechnology company, even though we do not and will not control referrals of healthcare services or bill directly to Medicare, Medicaid or other third-party payors, federal and state healthcare laws and regulations pertaining to fraud and abuse and patients  rights are and will be applicable to our business. The laws that may affect our ability to operate include: 

Federal healthcare Anti-Kickback Statute will constrain our marketing practices, educational programs, pricing policies, and relationships with healthcare providers or other entities, by prohibiting, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service, for which payment may be made under a federal healthcare program such as Medicare and Medicaid. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it to have committed a violation;     

Federal civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalty laws impose criminal and civil penalties, including through civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, against individuals or entities for knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government, including the Medicare and Medicaid programs, claims for payment that are false or fraudulent or making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government;     

The Federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, imposes criminal and civil liability for executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program and also created federal criminal laws that prohibit knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false statements in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. Similar to the Federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of these statutes or specific intent to violate them to have committed a violation;     

 42 

HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH, a  lso imposes obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information;     

The federal physician sunshine requirements under the Affordable Care Act requires manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies to report annually to HHS information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians, other healthcare providers, and teaching hospitals, and ownership and investment interests held by physicians and other healthcare providers and their immediate family members and applicable group purchasing organizations; and     

Analogous state and foreign laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers; some state laws require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government and may require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures and state and foreign laws that govern the privacy and security of health information in specified circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts.     

 Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, imprisonment, exclusion from government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. If any physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom we expect to do business are found to not be in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs. 
 There is a substantial risk of product liability claims in our business. If we do not obtain sufficient liability insurance, a product liability claim could result in substantial liabilities. 
 Our business exposes us to significant potential product liability risks that are inherent in the development, manufacturing and marketing of human therapeutic products. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, product liability claims may result in: 

delay or failure to complete our clinical trials;     

withdrawal of clinical trial participants;     

decreased demand for our product candidates;     

injury to our reputation;     

litigation costs;     

substantial monetary awards against us; and     

diversion of management or other resources from key aspects of our operations.     

       If we succeed in marketing products, product liability claims could result in an FDA or foreign regulatory investigation of the safety or efficacy of our products, our manufacturing processes and facilities or our marketing programs. An FDA   or foreign regulatory investigation could also potentially lead to a recall of our products or more serious enforcement actions, or limitations on the indications, for which they may be used, or suspension or withdrawal of approval. 
 We have product liability insurance that covers our clinical trials up to a $5 million annual aggregate limit. We intend to expand our insurance coverage to include the sale of commercial products if marketing approval is obtained for our product candidates or any other compound that we may develop. However, insurance coverage is expensive and we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or at all, and the insurance coverage that we obtain may not be adequate to cover potential claims or losses. 
 43 

Even if we receive regulatory approval to market our product candidates, the market may not be receptive to our product candidates upon their commercial introduction, which would negatively affect our ability to achieve profitability.  
 Our product candidates may not gain market acceptance among physicians, patients, healthcare payors and the medical community. The degree of market acceptance of any approved products will depend on a number of factors, including: 

the effectiveness of the product;     

the prevalence and severity of any side effects;     

potential advantages or disadvantages over alternative treatments;     

relative convenience and ease of administration;     

the strength of marketing and distribution support;     

the price of the product, both in absolute terms and relative to alternative treatments; and     

sufficient third-party coverage or reimbursement.     

 If our product candidates receive regulatory approval but do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance by physicians, patients, healthcare payors and the medical community, we may not generate product revenues sufficient to attain profitability. 
 If third-party payors do not cover or adequately reimburse patients for any of our product candidates, if approved for marketing, we may not be successful in selling them. 
 Our ability to commercialize any approved products successfully will depend in part on the extent to which coverage and reimbursement will be available from governmental and other third-party payors, both in the United States and in foreign markets. Even if we succeed in bringing one or more products to the market, the amount reimbursed for our products may be insufficient to allow us to compete effectively and could adversely affect our profitability. Coverage and reimbursement by a governmental and other third-party payor may depend upon a number of factors, including a governmental or other third-party payor s determination that use of a product is: 

a covered benefit under its health plan;     

safe, effective and medically necessary;     

appropriate for the specific patient;     

cost-effective; and     

neither experimental nor investigational.     

 Obtaining coverage and reimbursement approval for a product from each third-party and governmental payor is a time consuming and costly process that could require us to provide supporting scientific, clinical and cost effectiveness data for the use of our products to each payor. We may not be able to provide data sufficient to obtain coverage and reimbursement. 
 Eligibility for coverage does not imply that any drug product will be reimbursed in all cases or at a rate that allows us to make a profit. Interim payments for new products, if applicable, may also not be sufficient to cover our costs and may not become permanent. Reimbursement rates may vary according to the use of the drug and the clinical setting in which it is used, may be based on payments allowed for lower-cost drugs that are already reimbursed, may be incorporated into existing payments for other products or services and may reflect budgetary constraints and/or Medicare or Medicaid data used to calculate these rates. Net prices for products also may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government health care programs or by any future relaxation of laws that restrict imports of certain medical products from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. 
 The health care industry is experiencing a trend toward containing or reducing costs through various means, including lowering reimbursement rates, limiting therapeutic class coverage and negotiating reduced payment schedules with service providers for drug products. The Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003, or MMA, became law in November 2003 and created a broader prescription drug benefit for Medicare beneficiaries. The MMA also contains provisions intended to reduce or eliminate delays in the introduction of generic drug competition at the end of patent or nonpatent market exclusivity. The impact of the MMA on drug prices and new drug utilization over the next several years is unknown. The MMA also made adjustments to the physician fee schedule and the measure by which prescription drugs are presently paid, changing from Average Wholesale Price to Average Sales Price. The effects of these changes are unknown but may include decreased utilization of new medicines in physician prescribing patterns, and further pressure on drug company sponsors to provide discount programs and reimbursement support programs. 
 44 

In March 2010, the United States Congress enacted the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, collectively, the Affordable Care Act, which, among other things, subjected manufacturers to n  ew annual fees and taxes for certain branded prescription drugs and included the following changes to the coverage and payment for drug products under government health care programs:   

expanded manufacturers  rebate liability under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program by increasing the minimum rebate for both branded and generic drugs and revising the definition of  average manufacturer price,  or AMP, for calculating and reporting Medicaid drug rebates on outpatient prescription drug prices;     

addressed a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected;     

extended Medicaid drug rebates, previously due only on fee-for-service utilization, to Medicaid managed care utilization, and created an alternate rebate formula for new formulations of certain existing products that is intended to increase the amount of rebates due on those drugs;     

expanded the types of entities eligible for the 340B drug discount program that mandates discounts to certain hospitals, community centers and other qualifying providers; and     

established the Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program by requiring manufacturers to provide a 50% point-of-sale- discount off the negotiated price of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period as a condition for the manufacturers  outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D.     

 Other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the Affordable Care Act was enacted. In August 2011, the Budget Control Act of 2011, among other things, created measures for spending reductions by Congress. A Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction, tasked with recommending a targeted deficit reduction of at least $1.2 trillion for the years 2013 through 2021, was unable to reach required goals, thereby triggering the legislation s automatic reduction to several government programs. This includes aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers up to 2% per fiscal year, which went into effect in April 2013 and will remain in effect through 2024 unless additional Congressional action is taken. In January 2013, President Obama signed into law the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several providers, including hospitals and cancer treatment centers. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors, which may adversely affect our future profitability. 
 There have been, and we expect that there will continue to be, federal and state proposals to constrain expenditures for medical products and services, which may affect reimbursement levels for our future products or otherwise result in pricing pressures with respect to our future products.  In this regard, we expect further federal and state proposals and healthcare reforms to continue to be proposed to limit the price of, or to curb pricing increases for, prescription drugs, including as a result of negative publicity regarding drug pricing strategies by pharmaceutical companies and pricing increases on pharmaceutical products generally, which could limit the prices that can be charged for our future products, which in turn may limit our commercial opportunity and/or negatively impact revenues from sales of our future products.  In addition, the Centers for Medicare   Medicaid Services frequently change product descriptors, coverage policies, product and service codes, payment methodologies and reimbursement values. Third-party payors often follow Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement rates and may have sufficient market power to demand significant price reductions. 
 Foreign governments tend to impose strict price controls, which may adversely affect our potential future profitability. 
 In some foreign countries, particularly in the European Union and Japan, prescription drug pricing is subject to governmental control. In these countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take considerable time after the receipt of marketing approval for a product. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval in some countries, we may be required to conduct a clinical trial that compares the cost-effectiveness of our product candidate to other available therapies. If reimbursement of our products is unavailable or limited in scope or amount, or if pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels, our potential future profitability will be negatively affected. 
 45 

We may incur significant costs     complying with environmental laws and regulations, and failure to comply with these laws and regulations could expose us to significant liabilities.  
   Our research and development activities use biological and hazardous materials that are dangerous to human health and safety or the environment. We are subject to a variety of federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the use, generation, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of these materials and wastes resulting from these materials. We are also subject to regulation by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, or OSHA, the California and federal environmental protection agencies and to regulation under the Toxic Substances Control Act. OSHA or the California or federal environmental protection agencies, may adopt regulations that may affect our research and development programs. We are unable to predict whether any agency will adopt any regulations that could have a material adverse effect on our operations. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, capital and operating expenditures and other costs in the ordinary course of our business in complying with these laws and regulations. Although we believe our safety procedures for handling and disposing of these materials comply with federal, state and local laws and regulations, we cannot entirely eliminate the risk of accidental injury or contamination from the use, storage  , handling or disposal of hazardous materials. In the event of contamination or injury, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could significantly exceed our insurance coverage.    
 Risks Related To Our Common Stock 
 If we fail to meet continued listing standards of The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC, our common stock may be delisted. Delisting could adversely affect the liquidity of our common stock and the market price of our common stock could decrease, and our ability to obtain sufficient additional capital to fund our operations and to continue as a going concern would be substantially impaired. 
 Our common stock is currently listed on The NASDAQ Capital Market. The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC, or NASDAQ, has minimum requirements that a company must meet in order to remain listed on The NASDAQ Capital Market. These requirements include maintaining a minimum closing bid price of $1.00 per share, or the Bid Price Requirement, and the closing bid price of our common stock has in the past been well below $1.00 per share. In this regard,  on January 21, 2016, we received a letter from the staff, or Staff, of the NASDAQ, providing notification that  we were out of compliance with the Bid Price Requirement . The notification had no immediate effect on the listing of our common stock.  In accordance with NASDAQ listing rules, we were afforded 180 calendar days, or until July 19, 2016, to regain compliance with the Bid Price Requirement.  On July 20, 2016, we received a letter from the Staff notifying us that we were eligible for an additional 180 calendar day period, or until January 17, 2017, to regain compliance with the minimum $1.00 Bid Price Requirement. In the letter, the Staff noted that our common stock had not regained compliance with the Bid Price Requirement during the initial 180-day compliance period that ended on July 19, 2016 and that we had submitted written notice of our intention to cure the Bid Price Requirement deficiency by effecting a reverse stock split during the second 180-day compliance period, if necessary.   On September 13, 2016, we received written notice from the Staff that as a result of the closing bid price of the our common stock having been at $1.00 per share or greater for the last 10 consecutive business days, the Staff determined that we had regained compliance with the Bid Price Requirement and that this matter is now closed. Although we regained compliance with the Bid Price Requirement , if the closing bid price of our common stock were again to fall below $1.00 per share for 30 consecutive trading days, or we do not meet other applicable listing requirements, including maintaining minimum levels of stockholders  equity or market values of our common stock, we would again fail to be in compliance with NASDAQ s listing standards. In this regard, during the period from September 30, 2016 through October 31, 2016, the closing bid price of our common stock was below $1.00 per share on each of the 22 trading days during that period.  Accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will continue to meet the Bid Price Requirement, or any other NASDAQ continued listing requirement, in the future. If we fail to meet these requirements, including the Bid Price Requirement, NASDAQ may notify us that we have failed to meet the minimum listing requirements and initiate the delisting process.  
 If our common stock is delisted as a result of our failure to comply with the Bid Price Requirement or any other NASDAQ continued listing requirement, we would expect our common stock to be traded in the over-the-counter market, which could adversely affect the liquidity of our common stock. Additionally, delisting would substantially impair our ability to raise additional funds to fund our operations, to meaningfully advance the development of evofosfamide and TH-3424 and/or to acquire or in-license additional product candidates or development programs, and we could face other significant material adverse consequences, including:   

a limited availability of market quotations for our common stock;     

a reduced amount of news and analyst coverage for us;      

reduced liquidity for our stockholders;      

potential loss of confidence by employees and potential future partners or collaborators; and     

loss of institutional investor interest and fewer business development opportunities.     

 46 

The price of our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile.  
 The stock markets in general, the markets for biotechnology stocks and, in particular, the stock price of our common stock, have experienced extreme volatility. Further price declines in our common stock could result from general market and economic conditions and a variety of other factors, including: 

announcements regarding the development of our product candidates, including any delays in any potential future clinical trials, and investor perceptions of our ability to advance the development of evofosfamide   and   TH-3424;     

adverse results or delays in potential future clinical trials of evofosfamide   and   TH-3424;     

our ability to raise additional capital to advance the development of   evofosfamide   and   TH-3424   and the terms of any related financing arrangements;      

announcements of regulatory approval or non-approval of our product candidates, or delays in the applicable regulatory agency review process;     

adverse actions taken by regulatory agencies with respect to our product candidates, clinical trials, manufacturing processes or sales and marketing activities;     

our ability to enter into new collaborative, licensing or other strategic arrangements with respect to our product candidates;      

the terms and timing of any future collaborative, licensing or other strategic arrangements that we may establish;      

announcements of technological innovations, patents or new products by us or our competitors;     

regulatory developments in the United States, Japan and other foreign countries;     

any lawsuit involving us or our product candidates;     

our ability to comply with the minimum listing requirements of The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC;     

announcements concerning our competitors, or the biotechnology or pharmaceutical industries in general;     

developments concerning any strategic alliances or acquisitions we may enter into;     

actual or anticipated variations in our operating results;     

changes in recommendations by securities analysts or lack of analyst coverage;     

deviations in our operating results from the estimates of analysts;     

sales of our common stock by us, including under our sales agreement with Cowen and Company, LLC, or Cowen;     

sales of our common stock by our executive officers, directors and significant stockholders or sales of substantial amounts of common stock; and     

additional losses of any of our key scientific or management personnel.     

 In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a particular company s securities, litigation has often been brought against that company. Any such lawsuit could consume resources and management time and attention, which could adversely affect our business. 
 47 

If there are large sales of our common stock, the market price of our common stock could drop substantially. In addition, a significant number of shares of our common stock are subject to issuance upon e  xercise of outstanding options and warrants, which upon such exercise would result in dilution to our security holders.  
 If we or our existing stockholders sell a large number of shares of our common stock or the public market perceives that we or our existing stockholders might sell shares of our common stock, the market price of our common stock could decline significantly. As of September 30, 2016, we had 71,560,294 outstanding shares of common stock, substantially all of which may be sold in the public market without restriction, subject to any affiliate restrictions. On November 2, 2015, we entered into a sales agreement with Cowen, under which we may sell shares of our common stock from time to time through Cowen, as our agent for the offer and sale of the shares, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $50 million. Though our ability to sell shares of common stock through Cowen under our sales agreement with Cowen is practically limited or precluded altogether due to our currently-depressed stock price, to the extent that we sell shares of our common stock pursuant to the sales agreement with Cowen in the future, our stockholders will experience dilution. In addition, a significant number of shares of our common stock are subject to issuance upon the exercise of outstanding options and warrants. On February 18, 2015, we issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of 8,300,000 shares of our common stock, at an initial exercise price per share of $10.86, which exercise price was adjusted to $3.62 on January 21, 2016. In addition, as of September 30, 2016, there were 11,127,851 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding options having a weighted-average exercise price of $3.03 per share. Although we cannot determine at this time how many of the currently outstanding options and warrants will ultimately be exercised, the options and warrants will likely be exercised only if the exercise price is below the market price of our common stock. To the extent that the options and warrants are exercised, additional shares of our common stock will be issued that will be eligible for resale in the public market, which will result in dilution to our security holders. 
 Failure to maintain effective internal controls in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 could have a material adverse effect on our stock price. 
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the related rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, require annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and a report by our independent registered public accounting firm attesting to, and reporting on, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting, as such standards are modified, supplemented or amended from time to time, we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the related rules and regulations of the SEC. If we cannot favorably assess, or our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to provide an unqualified attestation report on, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, investor confidence in the reliability of our financial reports may be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our stock price. 
 Our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws and Delaware law contain provisions that could discourage another company from acquiring us and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 
 Provisions of Delaware law, where we are incorporated, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which you might otherwise receive a premium for your shares. In addition, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace or remove our board of directors. These provisions include: 

authorizing the issuance of  blank check  preferred stock without any need for action by stockholders;     

providing for a classified board of directors with staggered terms;     

requiring supermajority stockholder voting to effect certain amendments to our certificate of incorporation and bylaws;     

eliminating the ability of stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders;     

prohibiting stockholder action by written consent; and     

establishing advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted on by stockholders at stockholder meetings.     

 We have never paid dividends on our common stock, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our business. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be our stockholders  sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. 
 48 

I  TEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS.   
 None. 
     ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  
 None.  
     ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  
 Not applicable.  
     ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION  
 None. 
       ITEM 6. EXHIBITS  
 The exhibits listed on the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference (as stated therein) as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  

Exhibit Number  

Description  

3.2  

Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant, as amended effective September 29, 2016.  

31.1  

Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended.  

31.2  

Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended.  

32.1*  

Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.  

32.2*  

Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.  

101.INS  

XBRL Instance Document.  

101.SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.  

101.CAL  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.  

101.DEF  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.  

101.LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document.  

101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.  

*   
 
 Furnished herewith. This certification is not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and is not deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.    

49 

S  IGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

Threshold Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  

Date: November 7, 2016  

/s/ Harold E. Selick, Ph.D.   

Harold E. Selick, Ph.D.  

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: November 7, 2016  

/s/ Joel A. Fernandes   

Joel A. Fernandes  

Vice President, Finance and Controller 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

50 

E  XHIBIT INDEX   

Exhibit Number  

Description  

3.2  

Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant, as amended effective September 29, 2016.  

31.1  

Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended.  

31.2  

Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended.  

32.1*  

Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.  

32.2*  

Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.  

101.INS  

XBRL Instance Document.  

101.SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.  

101.CAL  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.  

101.DEF  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.  

101.LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document.  

101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.  

*   
 
 Furnished herewith. This certification is not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and is not deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.     

 51  

<EX-3.2>
 2
 thld-ex32_171.htm
 EX-3.2

thld-ex32_171.htm

Exhibit 3.2 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS  
 OF 
 THRESHOLD PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
 a Delaware corporation 
   
 ARTICLE I 
 STOCKHOLDERS 
   
 1.  Annual Meeting.  An   annual meeting of the stockholders, for the election of directors to succeed those whose terms expire and for the transaction of such other business as may properly come before the meeting, shall be held at such place, on such date and at such time as the Board of Directors shall each year fix, which date shall be within 13 months of the last annual meeting of stockholders. 
   
 2 .   Advance Notice; Purpose of Meeting.  Nominations of persons for election to the Board and the proposal of business to be transacted by the stockholders may be made at an annual meeting of stockholders (a) pursuant to the notice given by the Corporation with respect to such meeting, (b) by or at the direction of the Board or (c) by any stockholder of record of the Corporation who was a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of the notice provided for in the following paragraph, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the notice procedures set forth in this section .  
   
   For nominations or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to clause (c) of the foregoing paragraph, (I) the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation, (2) such business must be a proper matter for stockholder action under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, (3) if the stockholder, or the beneficial owner on whose behalf any such proposal or nomination is made, has provided the Corporation with a Solicitation Notice, as that term is defined in subclause (c)(iii) of this paragraph, such stockholder or beneficial owner must, in the case of a proposal, have delivered a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporation's voting shares required under applicable law to carry any such proposal, or, in the case of a nomination or nominations, have delivered a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of a percentage of the Corporation's voting shares reasonably believed by such stockholder or beneficial holder to be sufficient to elect the nominee or nominees proposed to be nominated by such stockholder, and must, in either case, have included in such materials the Solicitation Notice and (4) if no Solicitation Notice relating thereto has been timely provided pursuant to this section, the stockholder or beneficial owner proposing such business or nomination must not have solicited a number of proxies sufficient to have required the delivery of  such  a Solicitation Notice under this section. To be timely, a stockholder's notice shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not less 120 days, and not more than 150 days, prior to the first anniversary of the date on which the Corporation first mailed its proxy materials for the preceding year's annual meeting of stockholders; provided, however ,  that if the date of the annual meeting is advanced more than 30 days prior to or delayed by more than 60 days after the anniversary date of the preceding  year's annual meeting, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so delivered not later than the close of business on the later of (i) the 150th day prior   to such annual meeting or (ii) the 10th day   

following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made  .   Such stockholder's notice shall set forth (a) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director and all   information   relating to such person as would be required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for the election of such nominees as directors pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the   "Exchange Act"),   and such person's written consent to serving as a director if elected; (b) as to any other business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, a brief description of such business, the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of such stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made; and (c) as to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made (i) the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the Corporation's books, and of such beneficial owner, (ii) the class and number of shares of the Corporation that are owned beneficially and of record by such stockholder and such beneficial owner, and (iii) whether either such stockholder or beneficial owner intends to deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of, in the case of a proposal, at least the percentage of the Corporation's voting shares required under applicable law to carry the proposal or, in the case of a nomination or nominations, a sufficient number of holders of the Corporation's voting shares to elect such nominee or nominees (an affirmative statement of such intent, a   "Solicitation   Notice").  
   
 Notwithstanding anything in the second sentence of the second paragraph of this Section to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board is increased and there is no public announcement naming all of the nominees for director or specifying the size of the increased Board made by the Corporation at least 55   days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting, a stockholder's notice required by this Bylaw shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Corporation. 
   
 Only persons nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section shall be eligible to serve as directors and only such business shall be conducted at an annual meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section. 
   
 The chairman of the meeting shall have the power and the duty to determine whether a nomination or any business proposed to be brought before the meeting has been made in accordance with the procedures set forth in these Bylaws and, if any proposed nomination or business is not in compliance with these Bylaws to declare that such defective proposed business or nomination shall not be presented for stockholder action at the meeting and shall be disregarded. 
   
 For purposes of this Section,  "public announcement   shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or a comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the E x change Act. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Sect i on, a stockholder shall also comply with all appl i cable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to matters set forth in this Section. Nothing in this Section shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation's proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act. 
   
 3 .   Spe  c  ial Meetings; Notice.  Special meetings of the stockholders, othe r  than those required by statute, may be called at any time in accordance with the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation only by the Chairman of the Board of Directors or the President or by the Board of Directors acting pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board of Directors. For purposes of these Bylaws, the term "Whole Board" shall mean the total number of authorized directors whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships .  The Board of Directors may postpone or reschedule any previously scheduled special meeting. 
   
 Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Corporation's not i ce of meet i ng .  Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected pursuant to the Corporation's notice of meeting (a) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (b) by any stockholder of record of the Corporation who is a stockholder of record at the time of giving of notice provided for in this paragraph, who shall be entitled to vote at the meeting and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in Section 2 of this Article I. Nominations by stockholders of persons for election to the Board of Directors may be made at such a special meeting of stockholders if the stockholder's notice required by the second paragraph of Section 2 of this Article I shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such special meeting or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board of Directors to be elected at such meeting .  
   
 Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 3, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to matters set forth in this Section 3 .  Nothing in this Section 3 shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation's proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act .  
   
 4 .   Notice of Meetings.  Notice of the place ,  d a te, and t i me of all meetings of the stockholders ,  and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, shall be given, not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date on which the meeting is to be held, to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting ,  except as otherwise provided herein or required by  law (meaning  ,   here and hereinafter, as required from time to time by the Delaware General Corporation Law or the Certificate of Incorporation of the   Corporation)  .  
   
   When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place, if any, thereof, and the means of remote communications, if any,  

by which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned meeting are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken; provided, however  ,   that if the date of any adjourned meeting is more than 30 days after the date for which the meeting was originally noticed, or if a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, notice of the place, if any, date, and time of the adjourned meeting and the means of communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned meeting, shall be given in conformity herewith. At any adjourned meeting, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the original meeting.  
   
 5 .   Quorum.  At any meeting of the stockholders, the holders of a majority of all of the shares of stock entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person or by proxy when the meeting convenes ,  shall constitute a quorum for all purposes and for the entirety of the meeting, unless or except to the extent that the presence of a larger number may be required by law .  Where a separate vote by a class or classes or series is required, a majority of the shares of such class or classes or series present in person or represented by proxy shall constitute a quorum entitled to take action with respect to that vote on that matter. 
   
 If a quorum shall fail to attend any meeting, the chairman of the meeting may adjourn the meeting to another place, date, or time. 
   
 6 .   Organization.  Such person as the Board of Directors may have designated or, in the absence of such a person, the Chairman of the Board, or in his or her absence, the President of the Corporation or, in his or her absence, such person as may be chosen by the holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote who are present, in person or by proxy, shall call to order any meeting of the stockholders and act as chairman of the meeting .  In the absence of the Secretary of the Corporation, the secretary of the meeting shall be such person as the chairman of the meeting appoints. 
   
 7 .   Conduct of Business.  The chairman of any meeting of stockholders shall determine the order of business and the procedure at the meeting, including such regulation of the manner of voting and the conduct of discussion as seem to him or her in order. The chairman of the meeting shall have the power to adjourn the meeting to another place, if any, date and time. The date and time of the opening and closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote at the meeting shall be announced at the meeting. 
   
 8.  Proxies and Voting.  At any meeting of the stockholders, every stockholder entitled to vote may vote in person or by proxy authorized by an instrument in writing or by a transmission permitted by law filed in accordance with the procedure established for the meeting .  Any copy, facsimile telecommunication or other reliable reproduction of the writing or  transmission created pursuant to this paragraph may be substituted or used in lieu of the original writing or transmission for any and all purposes for which   the original writing or transmission could be used, provided that such copy, facsimile telecommunication or other reproduction shall be a complete   reproduction of the entire original writing or transmission.  

The Corporation may, and to the extent required by law, shall, in advance of any meeting of stockholders, appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting and make a written report thereof  .   The Corporation may designate one or more persons as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act.  If no inspector or alternate is able to act at a meeting of stockholders, the person presiding at the meeting may, and to the extent required by law, shall, appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of his duties, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of his ability. Every vote taken by ballots shall be counted by a duly appointed inspector or inspectors.  
   
 All elections shall be determined by a plurality of the votes cast, and except as otherwise required by law ,  all other matters shall be determined by a majority of the votes cast affirmatively or negatively.  
   
 9.  Stock List.  A complete list of stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders, arranged in alphabetical order for each class of stock and showing the address of each such stockholder and the number of shares registered in his or her name, shall be open to the examination of any such stockholder for a period of at least 10 days prior to the meeting in the manner provided by law. 
   
 The stock list shall also be open to the examination of any stockholder during the whole time of the meeting as provided by law .  This list shall presumptively determine the identity of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting and the number of shares held by each of them. 

ARTICLE II 
 BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
   
 1.  Number, Election and Term of Directors.  Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock to elect directors under specified circumstances, the number of directors shall be fixed from time to time exclusively by the Board of Directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board .  Each director shall be elected in the manner set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation and shall hold office until such time as set forth therein. 
   
 2.  Newly Created Directorships and Vacancies.  Any vacancies shall be filled in the manner specified in the Certificate of Incorporation. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock then outstanding, newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors or any vacancies in the Board of Directors resulting from death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal from office or other cause  shall, unless otherwise required by law or by resolution of the Board of Directors  ,   be filled only by a majority vote of the directors then   i  n office  ,   though less   than a quorum (and not by stockholders)  ,   and d  i  rectors so chosen shall serve for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders at which the term of   office of the class to which they have been elected e  x  pires or until such director's successor shall have been duly elected and qualified  .   No decrease in the   number of authorized directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director.  

3.   Regular Meetings.   Regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at such place or places, on such date or dates, and at such time or times as shall have been established by the Board of Directors and publicized among all directors. A notice of each regular meeting shall not be required.  
   
 4 .   Special Meetings.  Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chairman of the Board, the President or by two or more directors then in office and shall be held at such place ,  on such date, and at such time as they or he or she shall fix. Notice of the place, date ,  and time of each such special meeting shall be given each director by whom it is not waived by mailing written notice not less than five days before the meeting or by telephone or by telegraphing or telexing or by facsimile transmission of the same not less than 24 hours before the meeting. Unless otherwise indicated in the notice thereof, any and all business may be transacted at a special meeting .  
   
 5. Quorum.  At any meeting of the Board of Directors  ,   a majority of the Whole Board shall constitute a quorum for all purposes  .   If a quorum shall fail to attend any meeting, a majority of those present may adjourn the meeting to another place, date  ,   or time, without furthe  r   notice or waiver thereof.  
   
 6.  Participation in Meetings By Conference Telephone.  Members of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may participate in a meeting of such Board or committee by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other and such participation shall constitute presence in person at such meeting .  
   
 7 .   Conduct of Business.  At any meeting of the Board of Directors, business shall be transacted in such order and manner as the Board may from time to time determine, and all matters shall be determined by the vote of a majority of the directors present, except as otherwise provided herein or required by law .  Action may be taken by the Board of Directors without a meeting if all members thereof consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors .  Such filing shall be made in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are ma i ntained in electronic form. 
   
 8 .   Powers.  The Board of Directors may, except as otherwise required by law, exercise all such powers and do ail such acts and things as may be exercised or done by the Corporation, including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the unqualified power: 
 (a) To declare dividends from time to time in accordance with Law; 
 (b) To purchase or otherwise acquire any property, rights or privileges on such terms as it shall determine; 
 (c) To authorize the creation, making and issuance, in such form as it may determine, of written obligations of every kind, negotiable or non-negotiable, secured or unsecured, and to do all things necessary in connection therewith; 
 (d) To remove any officer of the Corporation with or without cause, and from time to time to devolve the powers and duties of any officer upon any other person for the time being; 

(e) To confer upon any officer of the Corporation the power to appoint, remove and suspend subordinate officers, employees and agents;  
 (f) To adopt from time to time such stock option, stock purchase, bonus or other compensation plans for directors, officers, employees and agents of the Corporation and its subsidiaries as it may determine; 
 (g) To adopt from time to time such insurance, retirement, and other benefit plans for directors, officers, employees and agents of the Corporation and its subsidiaries as it may determine; and 
 (h) To adopt from time to time regulations, not inconsistent with these Bylaws, for the management of the Corporation's business and affairs. 
   
 9.  Compensation of Directors.  Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation, the Board of Directors shall have the authority to fix the compensation of the directors. The directors may be paid their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors and may be paid a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors or paid a stated salary or paid other compensation as director. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. Members of special or standing committees may be allowed like compensation for attending committee meetings. 
   
 ARTICLE III 
 COMMITTEES  
   
 1.  Committees of the Board of Directors.  The Board of Directors may from time to time designate committees of the Board, with such lawfully delegable powers and duties as it  thereby confers to serve at the pleasure of the Board   a  nd shall, for those committees and any others provided for herein elect a director or directors to serve   as the member or members, des  i  gnating, if it desires, other directors as alternate members who may replace any absent or d  i  squalified member at any   meeting of the committee  .   In the absence or disqualification of any member of any committee and any alternate member in his or her place, the memb  e  r or   members of the committee present at the meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or she or they constitute a quorum, may by unanimous   vote appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of the absent or disqualified member  .  
   
 2 .   Conduct of Business.  Each committee may determine the procedural rules for meeting and conducting its business and shall act in accordance therewith, except as otherwise provided herein or required by law. Adequate provision shall be made for notice to members of all meetings; a majority of the members shall constitute a quorum unless the committee shall consist of one (1) or two (2) members ,  in which event one (1) member shall constitute a quorum; and all matters shall be determ i ned by the nffim1ative vote of a majority of the members present .  Action may be taken by any committee without a meeting if all members thereof consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission ,  and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of the proceedings of such committee. Such filing shall be made in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form. 

ARTICLE IV  
 OFFICERS 
   
 1 .   Titles.  The officers of the Corporation shall be chosen by the Board of Directors and shall include a Chief Executive Officer or a President or both, a Chief Financial Officer, a Secretary and a Treasurer. The Board of Directors may also appoint other officers as are desired ,  including one or more Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries or Assistant Treasurers .  Any number of offices may be held by the same person .  All officers shall perform their duties and exercise their powers subject to the Board of Directors. 
   
 2.  Election, Term of Office and Vacancies.  The officers shall be elected annually by the Board of Directors at its regular meeting following the annual meeting of the stockholders, and each officer shall hold office until the next annual election of officers and until the officer's successor is elected and qualified, or until the officer ' s death, resignation or removal. Any officer may be removed at any time, with or without cause ,  by the Board of Directors .   
   
 Any vacancy occurring in any office may be filled by the Board of Directors .  
   
 3.  Resignation.  Any officer may resign at any time upon notice to the Corporation without prejudice .to tile rights, if any, of the Corporation under any contract to which the officer is a party. The resignation of an officer shall be effective when given unless the officer specifies a later t i me .  The resignation shall be effective regardless of whether it is accepted by the Corporat i on. 
   
 4 .   Chief Executive Officer.  The Board of Directors shall designate a Chief Executive Officer who may be the President or another person and may prescribe the duties and powers of the Chief Executive Officer. Subject to the provisions of these bylaws and to the direction of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer shall have the responsibility for the general management and control of the business and affairs of the Corporation and shall perform all duties and have all powers which are commonly incident to the office of chief executive or which are delegated to him or her by the Board of Directors. The Chief Executive Officer shall have power to sign all contracts and other instruments of the Corporation which are authorized. 
   
 5 .  President.  The President shall perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Chief Executive Officer if the Corporation does not have a Chief Executive Officer or in the event of the absence or disability of the Chief Executive Officer. The President shall otherwise have such powers and duties which are delegated to him or her by the Board of Directors. He or she shall have power to sign all stock certificates, contracts and other instruments of the Corporation which are authorized. If the Board of Directors has not designated a person as the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Executive Officer has resigned and not been replaced, the President shall be the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, in which case all references herein to the President shall be deemed to refer to the President and/or the Chief Executive Officer, as relevant.  
   
   6.  Vice President.  Each Vice President shall have such powers and duties as may be delegated to him or her by the Board of Directors. One Vice President or the Chief Financial Officer may be  

designated by the Board to perform the duties and exercise the powers of the President in the event of the President's absence or disability.  
   
 7.  Chief Financial Officer; Treasurer and Assistant Treasurers.  Unless the Board of Directors designates another Treasurer, the Chief Financial Officer will be the Treasurer of the Corporation. Unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer or the Treasurer shall have custody of the corporate funds and securities, ~hall keep adequate and correct accounts of the Corporation's properties and business transactions, shall disburse such funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the Board or the Chief Executive Officer (taking proper vouchers for such disbursements), and shall render to the Chief Executive Officer and the Board, at regular meetings of the Board or whenever the Board, an account of all transactions and the financial condition of the Corporation. At the request of the Treasurer, or in the Treasurer's absence or disability, any Assistant Treasurer may perform any of the duties of the Treasurer and when so acting, shall have all the powers of, and be subject to all the restrictions upon, the Treasurer .  
   
 8.  Secretary and Assistant Secretaries.  The Secretary shall issue all authorized notices for and shall keep minutes of all meetings of the stockholders and the Board of Directors .  He or she shall have charge of the corporate books and shall perform such other duties as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe. At the request of the Secretary, or in the Secretary's absence or disability, any Assistant Secretary shall perform any of the duties of the  Secretary and when so acting shall have all the powers of, and be subject to all the restrictions upon, the Secretary.  
   
 9.  Other Officers.  The other officers of the Corporation, if any, shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer shall prescribe. 
   
 10 .   Compensation.  The Board of Directors shall fix the compensation of the Chief Executive Officer and may fix the compensation of other employees of the Corporation, including the other officers. If the Board does not fix the compensation of the other officers, the Chief Executive Officer shall fix such compensation. 
   
 11.  Actions with Respect to Securities of Other Corporations.  Unless otherwise directed by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board, the President or any officer of the Corporation authorized by the Chairman of the Board or the President, shall have power to vote and otherwise act on behalf of the Corporation, in person or by proxy, at any meeting of stockholders of, or with respect to any action of stockholders of, any other corporation in which the Corporation may hold securities and otherwise shall have power to exercise any and all rights and powers which the Corporation may possess by reason of its ownership of securities in such other corporation. 
   
 12.  Delegation of Authority.  The Board of Directors may from time to time delegate the powers or duties of any officer to any other officers or agents, notwithstanding any provision hereof. 

ARTICLE V  
 STOCK 
   
 1.  Certificates of Stock.  Each stockholder shall be entitled to a certificate signed by, or in the name of the Corporation by, the Chairman or Vice Chairman or the President or a Vice President, and by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, or the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer, certifying the number of shares owned by him or her. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be by facsimile. 
   
 2.  Transfers of Stock.  Transfers of stock shall be made only upon the transfer books of the Corporation kept at an office of the Corporation or by transfer agents designated to transfer shares of the stock of the Corporation .  Except where a certificate is issued in accordance with Section 4 of Article V of these Bylaws, an outstanding certificate for the number of shares involved shall be surrendered for cancellation before a new certificate is issued therefor. 
   
 3.  Record Date.  In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders, or to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may, except as otherwise required by law, fix a record date ,  which record date shall  not precede the date on   which   the resolution fixing the record date is   adopted   and which record date shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before   the date of any meeting of stockholders, nor more than 60 days prior to the time for such other action as hereinbefore described; provided, however, that if no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given or, if notice   is   waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held, and, for determining stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of rights or to exercise any rights of change, conversion or exchange of stock or for any other purpose, the record date shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts a resolution relating thereto.  
   
 A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. 
   
 4 .   Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates.  In the event of the loss, theft or destruction of any certificate of stock, another may be issued in its place pursuant to such regulations as the Board of Directors may establish concerning proof of such loss, theft or destruction and concerning the giving of a satisfactory bond or bonds of indemnity. 
   
 5. Regulations.  The issue, transfer, conversion and registration of certificates of stock shall be governed by such other regulations as the Board of Directors may establish.  

ARTICLE VI  
 NOTICES 
   
 1.  Notices.  If mailed, notice to stockholders shall be deemed given when deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at such stockholder's address as it appears on the records of the Corporation. Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders, any notice to stockholders may be given by electronic transmission in the manner provided in Section 232 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. 
   
 2.  Waivers.  A written waiver of any notice, signed by a stockholder or director, or waiver by electronic  transmission  by such person, whether given before or after the time of the event for which notice is to be given, shall be deemed equivalent to the notice required to be given to such person. Neither the business nor the purpose of any meeting need be specified in such a waiver. Attendance at ariy meeting shall constitute waiver of notice except attendance for the sole purpose of objecting to the timeliness of notice. 
   
 ARTICLE VII 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
   
 1 .   Facsimile Signatures.  In addition to the    provisions for use of facsimile signatures elsewhere specifically authorized in these Bylaws, facsimile signatures of any officer or officers of the Corporation may be used whenever and as authorized by the Board of Directors or a committee thereof. 
   
 2.  Corporate Seal  .  The Board of Directors may provide a suitable seal, containing the name of the Corporation, which seal shall be in the charge of the Secretary. If and when so directed by the Board of Directors or a committee thereof, duplicates of the seal may be kept and used by the Treasurer or by an Assistant Secretary or Assistant Treasurer. 
   
 3 .   Reliance upon Books, Reports and Records.  Each director, each member of any committee designated by the Board of Directors, and each officer of the Corporation shall, in the performance of his or her duties, be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the books of account or other records of the Corporation and upon such information, opinions, reports or statements presented to the Corporation by any of its officers or employees, or committees of the Board of Directors so designated ,  or by any other person as to matters which such director or committee member reasonably believes are within such other person's professional or expert competence and who has been selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of the Corporation .  
   
 4.  Fiscal Year.  The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be as filed by the Board of Directors. 
   
 5 .  Time Periods.  In applying any provision of these Bylaws which requires that an act be done or not be done a specified number of days prior to an event or that an act be done during a period of a specified number of days prior to an event, calendar days shall be used, the day of the doing of the act shall be excluded, and the day of the event shall be included.  

ARTICLE VIII  
 INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS 
   
 1.  Right to Indemnification.  Each person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (hereinafter a  ''proceeding"),  by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or an officer of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan (hereinafter an  "indemnitee"),  whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent or in any other capacity while serving as a director ,  officer, employee or agent, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent authorized by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader   indemnification rights than such law permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such amendment), against all expense ,  liability and loss (including   attorneys' fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by such indemnitee in connection therewith; provided, however, that, except as provided in Section 3 of this Article VIII with respect to proceedings to enforce rights to   indemnification, the Corporation shall indemnify any such indemnitee in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such indemnitee only if   such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board of Directors of the Corporation. 
   
 2 .   Right to Advancement of Expenses.  The right to indemnification conferred in Section 1 of this ARTICLE VIII shall include the right to be paid by the Corporation the expenses (including attorney's fees) incurred in defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition (hereinafter an  "advancement of expenses");  provided, however, that, if the Delaware General Corporation Law requires, an advancement of expenses incurred by an indemnitee in his or her capacity as a director or officer (and not in any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such indemnitee, including, without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) shall be made only upon delivery to the Corporation of an undertaking (hereinafter an  "undertaking"),  by or on behalf of such indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal (hereinafter a  "final adjudication'')  that such indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under this Section 2 or otherwise .  
   
   3.  Right of Indemnitee to Bring Suit  .  If a claim under Section I or 2 of this Article VIII is not paid in full by the Corporation within 60 days after a written claim has been received by the Corporation, except in the case of a claim for an advancement of expenses, in which case the applicable period shall be 20 days, the indemnitee may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim. If successful in whole or in part in any such suit, or in a suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the indemnitee shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting or defending such suit. in (i) any suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification hereunder (but not in a suit brought by the indemnitee to  

enforce a right to an advancement of expenses) it shall be a defense that, and (ii) in any suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the Corporation shall be entitled to recover such expenses upon a final adjudication that, the indemnitee has not met any applicable standard for indemnification set forth in the Delaware General Corporation Law. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its directors who are not parties to such action, n committee of such directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such suit that indemnification of the indemnitee is proper in the circumstances because the indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the Delaware General Corporation Law, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including its directors who are not parties to such action, n committee of such directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) that the indemnitee bas not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall create a presumption that the indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct or, in the case of such a suit brought   by the indemnitee, be a defense to such suit. In any suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification or to an advancement of expenses     hereunder, or brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the burden of proving that the indemnitee   is   not entitled to be indemnified, or to such advancement of expenses, under this Article VIII or otherwise shall be on the Corporation.  
   
 4.  Non-Exclusivity of Rights.  The rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses conferred  in  this ARTICLE VIII shall not be exclusive of any other right which any person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, the Corporation's Certificate of incorporation, Bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise. 
   
 5. Insurance.  The Corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the Delaware General Corporation Law  .  
   
 6.  Indemnification of Employees and Agents of the Corporation.  The Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors, grant rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to any officer, employee or agent of the Corporation to the fullest extent of the provisions of this Article with respect to the indemnification and advancement of expenses of directors and officers of the Corporation. 
   
 7.  Nature of Rights.  The rights conferred upon indemnitees in this Article VIII shall be contract rights and such rights shall continue as to an indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer or trustee and shall inure to the benefit of the indemnitee's heirs, executors and administrators. Any amendment, alteration or repeal of this Article VIII that adversely affects any right of an indemnitee or its successors shall be prospective only and shall not limit or eliminate any such right with respect to any proceeding involving any occurrence or  alleged  occurrence of any action or omission to act that took place prior to such amendment or repeal. 

ARTICLE IX  
 AMENDMENTS 
   
 In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by law, the Board of Directors is expressly authorized to adopt, amend and repeal these Bylaws subject to the power of the holders of capital stock of the Corporation to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws; provided, however, that, with respect to the power of holders of capital stock to adopt, amend and repeal Bylaws of the Corporation, notwithstanding any other provision of these Bylaws or any provision of law which might otherwise permit a lesser vote or no vote, but in addition to any affirmative vote of the holders of any particular class or series of the capital stock of the Corporation required by law, these Bylaws or any preferred stock, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3% percent of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required to adopt, amend or repeal any provision of these Bylaws. 
   
 ARTICLE X 
 FORUM FOR ADJUDICATION OF DISPUTES 
 Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, the certificate of incorporation or the bylaws of the Corporation, or (d) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Article X. 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 thld-ex311_9.htm
 EX-31.1

thld-ex311_9.htm

Exhibit 31.1  
  CERTIFICATION   
 I, Harold E. Selick, certify that:  

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Threshold Pharmaceuticals, Inc.;     

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

(a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b)   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer (s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

 Date: November 7, 2016  

/s/ Harold E. Selick, Ph.D.   

Harold E. Selick, Ph.D. 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 thld-ex312_8.htm
 EX-31.2

thld-ex312_8.htm

Exhibit 31.2  
  CERTIFICATION   
 I, Joel A. Fernandes, certify that:  

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Threshold Pharmaceuticals, Inc.;     

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

(a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b)   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer (s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

 Date: November 7, 2016  

/s/ Joel A. Fernandes   

Joel A. Fernandes 
 Vice President, Finance and Controller 
 (Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 thld-ex321_7.htm
 EX-32.1

thld-ex321_7.htm

Exhibit 32.1  
 THRESHOLD PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Threshold Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended  September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Harold E. Selick, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1)   
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and     

(2)   
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.     

 Date: November 7, 2016  

/s/ Harold E. Selick, Ph.D.   

Harold E. Selick, Ph.D.  

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 thld-ex322_6.htm
 EX-32.2

thld-ex322_6.htm

Exhibit 32.2  
 THRESHOLD PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Threshold Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Joel A. Fernandes, Vice President, Finance and Controller of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1)   
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and     

(2)   
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.     

 Date: November 7, 2016  

/s/ Joel A. Fernandes   

Joel A. Fernandes  

Vice President, Finance and Controller  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 thld-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 thld-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 thld-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 thld-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 thld-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 thld-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

