<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161212_10-Q_edgar_data_1682325_0001144204-16-138994_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1353386</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>75974</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>104761</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>237670</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>535242</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>374171</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>9</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-138994.hdr.sgml : 20161212
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161212164502
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-138994
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		38
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161212
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161212

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GTY Technology Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001682325
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37931
		FILM NUMBER:		162046713

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1180 NORTH TOWN CENTER DRIVE,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89144
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(702) 945-2700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1180 NORTH TOWN CENTER DRIVE,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89144

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-138994.txt : 20161212

10-Q
 1
 v454299_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q   

OR  

For the
transition period from           to            

GTY TECHNOLOGY HOLDINGS INC.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Cayman Islands  
       
       001-37931  
       
       N/A   
 
     (State or other jurisdiction 
       
     (Commission 
       
     (IRS Employer  
 
     of incorporation) 
       
     File Number) 
       
     Identification No.)  

1180 North Town Center Drive, Suite 100,
Las Vegas, Nevada 89144  

 (Address of principal executive offices,
including zip code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code:  (702) 945-2898  

Not Applicable  

 (Former name or former address, if changed
since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes       No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes       No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See definition
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer     

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer  

Smaller reporting company 

(Do not check if smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes       No       

As of December 12, 2016, 55,200,000 Class
A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, and 13,800,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, were issued
and outstanding, respectively.  

GTY TENCHONOGY HOLDINGS INC.  

  Form 10-Q   

  For the Quarter Ended September 30, 2016   

Table of Contents  

Page No.   
 
      PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
       
     Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Condensed Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2016 (Unaudited)  
       
     F-1  

Condensed Statements of Operation for the period from August 11, 2016 (inception) through September 30, 2016 (Unaudited)  
       
     F-2  

Condensed Statement of Change in Shareholder s Equity for the period from August 11, 2016 (inception) through September 30, 2016 (Unaudited)  
       
     F-3  

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the period from August 11, 2016 (inception) through September 30, 2016 (Unaudited)  
       
     F-4  

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements  
       
     F-5  

Item 2. 
       
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
       
     13  

Item 3. 
       
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
       
     17  

Item 4. 
       
      Controls and Procedures  
       
     17  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
       
      Legal Proceedings  
       
     18  

Item 1A. 
       
      Risk Factors  
       
     18  

Item 2. 
       
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
      
     18  

Item 3. 

Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
       
     18  

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures   
      
     18  

Item 5. 

Other Information   
      
     18  

Item 6. 
       
      Exhibits  
       
     19  

Part I. Financial Information  

    Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited)  

GTY TECHNOLOGY
HOLDINGS INC.  

  CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET  

  September 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 1  

GTY TECHNOLOGY
HOLDINGS INC.  

    CONDENSED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS  

  For The Period from August 11, 2016 (Inception)
through September 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  

F- 2  

GTY TECHNOLOGY HOLDINGS INC.  

    CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CHANGE IN SHAREHOLDER S
EQUITY  

  For The Period from August 11, 2016 (Inception)
through September 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

(1) This number has been retroactively restated to reflect the share capitalization of 2,875,000 shares on October 14, 2016 and the share capitalization of 2,300,000 shares on October 26, 2016 (see Note 4) and includes an aggregate of up to 1,800,000 Class B ordinary shares subject to surrender for no consideration if the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriters.  On November 1, 2016, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option, thus, these Class B ordinary shares were not forfeited. 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3  

GTY TECHNOLOGY HOLDINGS INC.  

    CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS  

  For The Period from August 11, 2016 (Inception)
through September 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

Cash Flows from Operating Activities    

Net loss    
     $  (16,684  )  
 
     Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:    

Formation and operating costs paid by Sponsor    
        5,726     
 
     Changes in operating assets and liabilities:    

Accounts payable and accrued expenses    
        10,958     
 
     Net cash used in operating activities    
        -     

Cash and cash equivalents - beginning of the period    
        -     
 
     Cash and cash equivalents - ending of the period    
     $  -     

Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities:    

Formation and offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for founder shares    
     $  25,000     
 
     Deferred offering costs included in accounts payable and accrued expenses    
     $  67,845     
 
     Deferred offering costs paid by Sponsor    
     $  91,992     

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4  

         GTY TECHNOLOGY HOLDINGS INC.    NOTES TO UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 1. Organization and Business Operations  

GTY Technology Holdings
Inc. (the  Company ) is a newly organized blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands on August 11, 2016.
The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination with one or more businesses that the Company has not yet identified ( Business Combination ).
Although the Company is not limited to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating a Business Combination,
the Company intends to focus on the technology industry, including software and services. 

At September 30, 2016,
the Company had not yet commenced operations. All activity through September 30, 2016 relates to the Company s formation
and the offering described below. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. The Company is an early stage and
emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth
companies. 

The registration statement
for the Company s initial public offering (the  Initial Public Offering ) was declared effective on October 26,
2016. The Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 55,200,000 units, including the issuance of 7,200,000 units as a result
of the underwriter  exercise of their over-allotment option in full ( Units  and, with respect to the Class A
ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the  Public Shares ) at $10.00 per Unit on November 1, 2016, generating
gross proceeds of $552 million. The Company incurred offering costs of approximately $31.06 million, inclusive of approximately
$30.36 million of underwriting fees. The Company paid $11.04 million of underwriting fees upon the closing of the Initial Public
Offering and deferred $19.32 million of underwriting fees until the consummation of the initial Business Combination (Note 3). 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private placement ( Private
Placement ) of 8,693,334 warrants ( Private Placement Warrants ) at a price of $1.50 per Private Placement
Warrant with the Company s sponsor, GTY Investors, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the
 Sponsor ), generated gross proceeds of approximately $13.04 million in the form of subscription receivable (Note
4). In December 2016, the Company received the subscription receivable in full. 

Upon the closing of
the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement on November 1, 2016, an amount of $552 million ($10.00 per Unit) from the net
proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement was placed in a U.S.-based trust account
maintained by Continental Stock Transfer   Trust Company, acting as trustee ( Trust Account ). The Trust Account
will be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act,
with a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected
by the Company meeting the conditions of paragraphs (c)(2), (c)(3) and (c)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined
by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account
as described below. 

The Company s
management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of its Initial Public Offering and
Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating
a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The
Company must complete one or more initial Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the assets
held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on income earned on the trust account)
at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business
Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or
otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company
under the Investment Company Act 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. 

F- 5  

         GTY TECHNOLOGY HOLDINGS INC.    NOTES TO UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

The Company provides
its holders of the outstanding Class A ordinary shares sold in the Initial Public Offering ( public shareholders )
with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i)
in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision
as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the
Company, solely in its discretion. The public shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion
of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially approximately $10.00 per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds
held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed
to public shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company
will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 5). These Public Shares will be recorded at a redemption value and classified
as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC )
Topic 480   Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity .  In such case, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination
if the Company has net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation of a Business Combination and a majority of
the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required by law and the Company does
not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its second amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and
Exchange Commission ( SEC ), and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination.
If, however, a shareholder approval of the transactions is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval
for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the
proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their Public
Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in
connection with a Business Combination, the initial shareholders (as defined below) have agreed to vote their founder shares (as
defined in Note 4) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination.
In addition, the initial shareholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and Public
Shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination. 

Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Company s second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder,
together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a  group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )), will be restricted
from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 20% or more of the Class A ordinary shares sold in the Initial
Public Offering, without the prior consent of the Company. 

The Company s
Sponsor, officers and directors (the  initial shareholders ) have agreed not to propose an amendment to the Company s
second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would affect the substance or timing of the Company s
obligation to redeem 100% of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination, unless the Company provides
the public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

If the Company is
unable to complete a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (the  Combination
Period ), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding Public Shares which redemption will completely
extinguish public shareholders  rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval
of the remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors, proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby
a formal dissolution of the Company, subject in each case to its obligations to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of applicable law. 

In connection with
the redemption of 100% of the Company s outstanding Public Shares for a portion of the funds held in the Trust Account, each
holder will receive a full pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds
held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay the Company s taxes payable (less taxes payable
and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses). 

F- 6  

         GTY TECHNOLOGY HOLDINGS INC.    NOTES TO UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

The initial shareholders
have agreed to waive their liquidation rights with respect to the founder shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period. However, if the initial shareholders should acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public
Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if the Company
fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their
deferred underwriting commission (see Note 5) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination
within in the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account
that will be available to fund the redemption of the Company s Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible
that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be only
$10.00 per share initially held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has
agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than the Company's independent public
accountants) for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has
entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or Business Combination agreement, reduce the
amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share
held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than $10.00 per Public Share due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party
or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or
not such waiver is enforceable) or to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public
Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities
Act ). The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims
of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than the Company s independent auditors), prospective
target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right,
title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies  

Basis of presentation  

The accompanying unaudited
condensed financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. Accordingly, they do not
include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP. In the opinion of management, the unaudited interim condensed
financial statements reflect all adjustments, which include only normal recurring adjustments necessary for the fair statement
of the balances and results for the periods presented. Operating results for the period from August 11, 2016 (inception) through
September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the period from August 11, 2016 (inception)
through December 31, 2016, or any future period. These unaudited condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with
the audited financial statements contained in the Company s final prospectus and the Company s Current Report on Form
8-K filed with the SEC on October 28, 2016 and November 7, 2016, respectively. 

Emerging growth company  

The Company is an
 emerging growth company,  as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart our Business
Startups Act of 2012, (the  JOBS Act ), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required
to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding
executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding
advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

Further, section 102(b)(1)
of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards
until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not
have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. 

F- 7  

         GTY TECHNOLOGY HOLDINGS INC.    NOTES TO UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

The Company has elected
not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application
dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the
time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company s financial statements
with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using
the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accountant standards used. 

Use of estimates  

The preparation of
the unaudited condensed interim financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
unaudited financial statements. 

Making estimates requires
management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition,
situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the balance sheet, which management considered in formulating its
estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ
significantly from those estimates. 

Deferred offering costs  

Deferred offering
costs of approximately $180,000 consist of legal, accounting, underwriting fees and other costs incurred through the balance sheet
date that are directly related to the Initial Public Offering and that were charged to shareholder s equity upon the completion
of the Initial Public Offering on November 1, 2016. 

Fair value of financial instruments  

The fair value of
the Company s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820,  Fair Value Measurements
and Disclosures,  approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying balance sheet, primarily due to their
short-term nature. 

Net loss per share  

The Company complies
with accounting and disclosure requirements of ASC Topic 260,  Earnings Per Share . Net loss per share is computed
by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. Weighted average shares were
reduced for the effect of an aggregate of 1,800,000 Class B ordinary shares that were subject to surrender for no consideration
if the over-allotment is not exercised by the underwriters. On November 1, 2016, the underwriter exercised their over-allotment
option, thus, these Class B ordinary shares were not forfeited (see Note 5). 

Income taxes  

The Company complies
with the accounting and reporting requirements of ASC Topic 740,  Income Taxes,  which requires an asset and liability
approach to financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences
between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future taxable or deductible amounts,
based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation
allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 

F- 8  

         GTY TECHNOLOGY HOLDINGS INC.    NOTES TO UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

ASC Topic 740 prescribes
a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken
or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be
sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company s management determined that the Cayman Islands is the Company s
only major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income
tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of September 30, 2016.
The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation
from its position. 

The Company may be
subject to potential examination by U.S. federal, U.S. states or foreign taxing authorities in the area of income taxes. These
potential examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions
and compliance with U.S. federal, U.S. state and foreign tax laws. The Company s management does not expect that the total
amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

Management does not
believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on the Company s financial statements. 

Note 3. Initial Public Offering  

On November 1, 2016,
the Company sold 55,200,000 Units at a purchase price of $10.00 per Unit in the Initial Public Offering, including the issuance
of 7,200,000 Units as a result of the underwriters  exercise of their over-allotment option in full. Each Unit consists of
one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant ( Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles
the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note
6). No fractional Public Warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole Public Warrants will trade. 

The Company incurred
offering costs of approximately $31.06 million, inclusive of approximately $30.36 million of underwriting fees. The Company paid
$11.04 million of underwriting fees upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and deferred $19.32 million of underwriting
fees until the consummation of the initial Business Combination. 

Note 4. Related Party Transactions  

Founder Shares  

In August 2016, the
Company issued 8,625,000 shares of Class B ordinary shares to the Sponsor (the  founder shares ) in exchange for a
capital contribution of $25,000. On each of October 14 and October 26, 2016, the Company effected a share capitalization resulting
in an aggregate of 11,500,000 and 13,800,000 founder shares outstanding, respectively, which have been retroactively restated on
accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements. The 13,800,000 founder shares include an aggregate of up to 1,800,000 shares
that would be subject to surrender for no consideration by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters  over-allotment
option was not exercised in full. As a result of the underwriters  exercise of their over-allotment option on November 1,
2016, no founder shares were surrendered to the Company by the Sponsor. 

In October 2016, the
Sponsor transferred 25,000 founder shares to each of the Company s independent director nominees at the same per-share purchase
price paid by the Sponsor. The foregoing transfers of founder shares were made in reliance upon an exemption from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to the so-called 4(a)(1)-  exemption. 

F- 9  

         GTY TECHNOLOGY HOLDINGS INC.    NOTES TO UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

The founder shares
will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares upon the consummation of a Business Combination on a one-for-one basis,
subject to adjustments. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares, or equity-linked securities convertible or exercisable
for Class A ordinary shares, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in the Company s final prospectus
and related to the closing of its initial Business Combination, the ratio at which founder shares will convert into Class A ordinary
shares will be adjusted so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal,
in the aggregate 20% of the sum of the ordinary shares outstanding upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering plus the
number of Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked shares issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial Business Combination
(net of redemptions), excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller
in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor. 

The initial shareholders
have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the founder shares (except to certain permitted transferees) until the earlier
to occur of (i) one year after the completion of a Business Combination, or earlier if, subsequent to a Business Combination, the
closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day
period commencing 150 days after the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the date following the completion of a Business
Combination on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in
all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other
property (the  Lock-Up Period ). 

Private Placement Warrants  

Concurrently with
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 8,693,334 Private Placement Warrants at
$1.50 per warrant, generated gross proceeds of $13.04 million in a Private Placement in the form of subscription receivable. In December 2016, the Company received the subscription receivable in full. 

Each Private Placement
Warrant is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at $11.50 per share. A portion of the proceeds from sale of the Private
Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering to be held in the Trust Account. If the Company does
not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

Due to
Related Party   

The Company s
Sponsor has agreed to loan the Company in the form of a promissory note up to $200,000 to be used for the payment of costs related
to the Initial Public Offering. The loan is non-interest bearing, unsecured and due on the earlier of December 31, 2016 or the
closing of the Initial Public Offering. As of September 30, 2016, the Sponsor had paid costs associated with the Initial Public
Offering for an aggregate amount of approximately $93,000 under the promissory note. Upon closing of the Initial Public Offering,
the Company has no outstanding promissory note. 

In addition, in order
to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain
of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required ( Working
Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of
the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company
may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust
Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if
any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either
be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to $1.5 million
of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of $1.50 per
warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. 

F- 10  

         GTY TECHNOLOGY HOLDINGS INC.    NOTES TO UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Administrative Service Fee  

The Company has agreed,
commencing on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering through the earlier of the Company s consummation of a Business
Combination and its liquidation, to reimburse the Sponsor in an amount not to exceed $10,000 per month for office space, and secretarial
and administrative services. 

Note 5. Commitments  

Registration Rights  

The holders of the
founder shares and Private Placement Warrants and warrants that maybe issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and any
Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion
of Working Capital Loans) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior
to or on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands,
excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain  piggy-back 
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the consummation of a Business Combination. However,
the registration rights agreement provides that the Company will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities
Act to become effective until termination of the applicable Lock-Up Period. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection
with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Underwriting Agreement  

The Company granted
the underwriters a 45-day option from the date of this prospectus to purchase up to 7,200,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments,
if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions, which was fully exercised on November
1, 2016. 

The Company paid an
underwriting discount of $0.20 per unit, or $11.04 million in the aggregate upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering.
$0.35 per unit, or $19.32 million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting fees. The deferred
fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes
a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Note 6. Shareholder s Equity  

Class A Ordinary Shares   

The Company is authorized
to issue 400,000,000 shares of Class A ordinary shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share. Holders of the Company s
Class A ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. As of September 30, 2016, there were no Class A ordinary shares
issued and outstanding. 

Class B Ordinary Shares   

The Company is authorized
to issue 50,000,000 shares of Class B ordinary shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share. Holders of the Company s
Class B ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. 

Prior to the initial
Business Combination, only holders of Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors. Holders
of Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on the election of directors during such time. These provisions of the
Company s second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution
passed by a majority of at least 90% of the Company s ordinary shares voting in a general meeting. Holders of Class A ordinary
shares and Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all other matters submitted to a vote of shareholders
except as required by law. 

As of September 30,
2016, the Company had 13,800,000 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

F- 11  

         GTY TECHNOLOGY HOLDINGS INC.    NOTES TO UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Preferred Shares  

The Company is authorized
to issue 1,000,000 preferred shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share. As of September 30, 2016, there were no preferred shares
issued or outstanding. 

Warrants   

Public Warrants may
only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional Public Warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only
whole Public Warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of  (a) 30 days after the completion
of a Business Combination or (b) 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering; provided in each case that the Company
has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of
the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or the Company permits holders to exercise their Public
Warrants on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act). The Company has
agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days, after the closing of a Business Combination, the
Company will use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act,
of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Company will use its best efforts to cause the
same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto,
until the expiration of the Public Warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement
covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the sixtieth (60  th 
) day after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration
statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants
on a  cashless basis  in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. The Public Warrants
will expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The Private Placement
Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private
Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable,
assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally,
the Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or such purchasers 
permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial shareholders or their permitted
transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis
as the Public Warrants. 

The Company may call
the Public Warrants for redemption (except with respect to the Private Placement Warrants): 

in whole and not in part;  

upon a minimum of 30 days  prior written notice of redemption; and  

if, and only if, the last reported closing price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.  

If the Company calls
the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants
to do so on a  cashless basis,  as described in the warrant agreement. 

The exercise price
and number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including
in the event of a share dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not
be adjusted for issuance of Class A ordinary shares at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company
be required to net cash settle the warrants shares. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination
Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with
respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account
with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. 

Note 7. Subsequent Events  

The Company has evaluated
subsequent events through December 12, 2016, the date the balance sheet was available to be issued. Based on its evaluation no
other material events have occurred that require disclosure. 

F- 12  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations.  

References to  we ,
 us ,  our  or the  Company  are to GTY Technology Holdings Inc., except where the context
requires otherwise. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our condensed financial statements and related
notes thereto included elsewhere in this report. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  

This Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). We have based these forward-looking
statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known
and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or
achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied
by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may, 
 should,   could,   would,   expect,   plan,   anticipate, 
 believe,   estimate,   continue,  or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions.
Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other Securities
and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) filings.    

Overview  

We are a newly organized
blank check company formed in the Cayman Islands on August 11, 2016 for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset
acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses that the Company has not
yet identified ( business combination ). Although we are not limited to a particular industry or geographic region
for purposes of consummating a business combination, we intend to focus on the technology industry, including software and services. 

We consummated our
initial public offering ( Initial Public Offering ) on November 1, 2016. All activity through September 30, 2016 relates
to our formation and the Initial Public Offering. Since November 1, 2016, we have been searching for a prospective initial business
combination. 

Results of Operations  

Our entire activity
since August 11, 2016 (inception) up to September 30, 2016 was in preparation for our Initial Public Offering. Since the offering,
our activity has been limited to the search for a prospective initial business combination, and we will not be generating any operating
revenues until the closing and completion of our initial business combination. We expect to incur increased expenses as a result
of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses.
We expect our expenses to increase substantially after this period. 

For the period from
August 11, 2016 (inception) up to September 30, 2016, we had net losses of approximately $17,000, which consist of formation and
operating costs. We incurred offering costs of $180,000 with regard to the Initial Public Offering, which are classified as deferred
offering costs on the balance sheet as of September 30, 2016. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

As indicated in the
accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements, at September 30, 2016, we had no cash and a working capital deficiency of
approximately $79,000. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our financing
and acquisition plans. Management's plans to address this uncertainty through the Initial Public Offering are discussed below. 

13  

Through
September 30, 2016, our liquidity needs have been satisfied prior to the completion of the Initial Public Offering through receipt
of a $25,000 capital contribution from GTY Investors, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the  Sponsor ) ,
 in exchange for the issuance of the founder shares (as defined below) to the Sponsor and approximately
$93,000 in loans from the Sponsor.   

We intend to use substantially
all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account holding the
net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering (the  Trust Account ) (less taxes payable and deferred underwriting commissions)
to complete our initial business combination. We may withdraw interest to pay our income taxes, if any. Our annual income tax obligations
will depend on the amount of interest and other income earned on the amounts held in the trust account. We expect the interest
earned on the amount in the trust account will be sufficient to pay our income taxes. To the extent that our equity or debt is
used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust
account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions
and pursue our growth strategies. 

In December 2016, we received the subscription receivable in full and had approximately $1.4 million in cash held outside
of the Trust Account. We will use
these funds, when paid, to primarily identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target
businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives
or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete
a business combination. 

We do not believe we
will need to raise additional funds following the Initial Public Offering in order to meet the expenditures required for operating
our business prior to our initial business combination. However, if our estimates of the costs of identifying a target business,
undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to
do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. In order to
fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our
sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as
may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial
business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned
amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible
into warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of $1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants
would be identical to the private placement warrants. The terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written
agreements exist with respect to such loans. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek
loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to
loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

Related Party Transactions 

Founder Shares  

In August 2016, we
issued 8,625,000 shares of Class B ordinary shares to the Sponsor (the  founder shares ) in exchange for a capital
contribution of $25,000. On each of October 14 and October 26, 2016, we effected a share capitalization resulting in an aggregate
of 11,500,000 and 13,800,000 founder shares outstanding, respectively, which have been retroactively restated on the accompanying
unaudited condensed financial statements. The 13,800,000 founder shares include an aggregate of up to 1,800,000 shares that would
be surrendered to us for no consideration by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters  over-allotment option was not
exercised in full, so that the initial shareholders will collectively own 20% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares after
the Initial Public Offering. As a result of the underwriters  exercise of their over-allotment option on November 1, 2016,
no founder shares will be surrendered to us by the Sponsor. 

14  

In October 2016, the
Sponsor transferred 25,000 founder shares to each of our independent director nominees at the same per-share purchase price paid
by the Sponsor. The foregoing transfers of founder shares were made in reliance upon an exemption from the registration requirements
of the Securities Act pursuant to the so-called 4(a)(1)-  exemption. The founder shares will automatically convert into
Class A ordinary shares upon the consummation of an initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustments.
In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares, or equity-linked securities convertible or exercisable for Class A ordinary
shares, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in our final prospectus and related to the closing of our
initial business combination, the ratio at which founder shares will convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted so that
the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate 20% of the sum
of the ordinary shares outstanding upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering plus the number of Class A ordinary shares
and equity-linked shares issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial business combination (net of redemptions), excluding
any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination
and any private placement warrants issued to the Sponsor. 

The Sponsor, officers
and directors (the  initial shareholders ) have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the founder shares (except
to certain permitted transferees) until the earlier to occur of (i) one year after the completion of an initial business combination,
or earlier if, subsequent to an initial business combination, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds
$12.00 per share for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing 150 days after the completion of an initial
business combination and (ii) the date following the completion of an initial business combination on which the Company completes
a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the Company s shareholders having
the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

Private Placement Warrants  

Concurrently with
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 8,693,334 private placement warrants at
$1.50 per warrant ( Private Placement Warrants ), generated gross proceeds of $13.04 million in a private placement
in the form of subscription receivable. In December 2016, we received the subscription receivable in full. 

Each Private Placement
Warrant is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at $11.50 per share. A portion of the proceeds from sale of the Private
Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering to be held in the Trust Account. If we do not complete
an initial business combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

Due to
Related Party   

Our Sponsor agreed to
loan the Company in the form of a promissory note up to $200,000 to be used for the payment of costs related to the Initial Public
Offering. The loan is non-interest bearing, unsecured and due on the earlier of December 31, 2016 or the closing of the Initial
Public Offering. As of September 30, 2016, the Sponsor had paid costs associated with the Initial Public Offering for an aggregate
amount of $93,000 under the promissory note. Upon closing of the Initial Public Offering, we had no outstanding promissory note. 

In addition, in order
to finance transaction costs in connection with an initial business combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or
certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required ( Working Capital Loans ).
If we complete an initial business combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust
Account released to the Company. In the event that an initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of proceeds
held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay
the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined
and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation
of an initial business combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to $1.5 million of such Working
Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of $1.50 per warrant. The warrants
would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. 

15  

Administrative Service Fee  

We had greed, commencing
on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering through the earlier of our consummation of an initial business combination
and its liquidation, to reimburse the Sponsor in an amount not to exceed $10,000 per month for office space, and secretarial and
administrative services. 

Critical Accounting
Policies and Estimates 

This management's
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been
prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
in our financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to fair value
of financial instrument and accrued expenses. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various
other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments
about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ
from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe there have been no significant changes in our critical
accounting policies as discussed in our final prospectus and our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 28, 2016
and November 7, 2016, respectively. 

Recent Accounting
Pronouncements 

Management does not
believe that any recently issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on
the Company's financial statements. 

Contractual Obligations 

Registration Rights  

The holders of the
founder shares and Private Placement Warrants and warrants that maybe issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any
Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion
of Working Capital Loans) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior
to or on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands,
excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain  piggy-back 
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the consummation of a Business Combination. However,
the registration rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to
become effective until termination of the applicable Lock-Up Period. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the
filing of any such registration statements. 

Underwriting Agreement  

We granted the underwriters
a 45-day option from the date of this prospectus to purchase up to 7,200,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any,
at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions, which was fully exercised on November 1,
2016. 

We paid an underwriting
discount of $0.20 per unit, or $11.04 million in the aggregate upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. $0.35
per unit, or $19.32 million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting fees. The deferred fee
will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a business
combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

16  

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

As of September 30,
2016, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S- K and did not have any
commitments or contractual obligations. 

JOBS Act  

On April 5, 2012,
the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements
for qualifying public companies. We will qualify as an  emerging growth company  and under the JOBS Act will be allowed
to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies.
We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised
accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As
such, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk  

As of September
30, 2016, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. Following the consummation of our Initial Public Offering, the
net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering, including amounts in the Trust Account, were invested in U.S. government treasury
bills, notes or bonds with a maturity of 180 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in US treasuries.
Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures  

Under the
supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and
accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of
the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based
on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded that during the period covered by this
report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons
performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  

There was
no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2016 that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

17  

PART II
OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.  Legal Proceedings  

None. 

Item 1A.  Risk Factors  

As of the date of this Report, there have
been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our prospectus dated October 28, 2016, except we may disclose changes
to such factors or disclose additional factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds from Registered Securities  

In  August
2016, we issued 8,625,000 founder shares to the Sponsor in exchange for a capital contribution of $25,000 in connection with our
organization pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(2) of the Securities Act. On each of October 14
and October 26, 2016, we effected a share capitalization resulting in an aggregate of 11,500,000 and 13,800,000 founder shares
outstanding, respectively, which have been retroactively restated on accompanying unaudited condensed balance sheet.  

We consummated the
Initial Public Offering of 55,200,000 units, including the issuance of 7,200,000 units as a result of the underwriter  exercise
of their over-allotment option in full at $10.00 per Unit on November 1, 2016, generating gross proceeds of $552 million. We incurred
offering costs of approximately $31.06 million, inclusive of approximately $30.36 million of underwriting fees. We paid $11.04
million of underwriting fees upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and deferred $19.32 million of underwriting fees until
the consummation of the initial business combination. 

Simultaneously with
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private placement of 8,693,334 Private Placement Warrants at a price
of $1.50 per Private Placement Warrant with our Sponsor, which generated gross proceeds of approximately $13.04 million. 

For a description
of the use of the proceeds generated in our initial public offering, see Part I, Item 2 of this Form 10-Q. 

Item 3.  Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

None. 

Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures  

None. 

Item 5.  Other Information  

None. 

18  

Item 6.  Exhibits.  

19  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized on this 12th day of December, 2016. 

GTY TECHNOLOGY HOLDINGS INC.   

/s/ William D. Green  

Name:   
     William D. Green  

Title: 
     Co-Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

/s/ Harry L. You  

Name: 
     Harry L. You  

Title: 
     Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

20  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v454299_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

  PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14  

  UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934, AS AMENDED  

I, William D. Green, certify that: 

1.           I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of GTY Technology Holdings Inc: 

2.           Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.           Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.           The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)            Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)            Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)            Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)            Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.         
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)            All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)            Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 12, 2016 

/s/ William D. Green  

Name:   
     William D. Green  

Title: 
     Co-Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v454299_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

  PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14  

  UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934, AS AMENDED  

I, Harry L. You, certify that: 

1.           I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of GTY Technology Holdings Inc; 

2.           Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.           Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.           The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)            Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)            Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)           Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)            Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.         
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)            All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)            Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 12, 2016 

/s/ Harry L. You  

Name:   
     Harry L. You  

Title: 
     Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v454299_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. 1350  

  (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002)  

I, William D. Green, Co-Chief Executive Officer of
GTY Technology Holdings Inc (the   Company  ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(2) 
     the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Date: December 12, 2016  

/s/ William D. Green  

Name:   
     William D. Green  

Title: 
     Co-Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v454299_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. 1350  

  (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002)  

I, Harry L. You, Chief Financial Officer of GTY Technology
Holdings Inc (the   Company  ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(2)  the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: December 12, 2016 

/s/ Harry L. You  

Name:   
     Harry L. You  

Title: 
     Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 gtyhu-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 gtyhu-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 gtyhu-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 gtyhu-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 gtyhu-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 gtyhu-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

