<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161212_10-K_edgar_data_1350420_0001350420-16-000040_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4612552</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>300906</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>336371</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1496442</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1706643</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>668469</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>33</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001350420-16-000040.hdr.sgml : 20161212
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161212122721
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001350420-16-000040
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161212
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161212

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Lincolnway Energy, LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001350420
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL ORGANIC CHEMICALS [2860]
		IRS NUMBER:				201118105
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-51764
		FILM NUMBER:		162045829

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		59511 W. LINCOLN HIGHWAY
		CITY:			NEVADA
		STATE:			IA
		ZIP:			50201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		515-817-0153

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		59511 W. LINCOLN HIGHWAY
		CITY:			NEVADA
		STATE:			IA
		ZIP:			50201

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001350420-16-000040.txt : 20161212

10-K
 1
 lwe9302016b10-kdoc.htm
 10-K LWE 201609

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
    
  FORM 10-K 
  (Mark One) 

For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 
  OR 

For the transition period from __________ to ______________ 
    
  Commission File Number: 000-51764 
     LINCOLNWAY ENERGY, LLC 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  
                   Iowa 
      
    20-1118105 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
      
    (IRS Employer 
      incorporation or organization) 
      
    Identification No.) 

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:   (515) 232-1010 
    
  Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:    None 
    
  Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:    Limited Liability Company Units 
    
  Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.  Yes              No            
    
  Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.          Yes               No            
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.               Yes               No         
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes                 No              
    
  Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.               
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
                     Large accelerated filer        
      
    Accelerated filer 
      
      Non-accelerated filer 
      
    Smaller reporting company     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).         Yes                 No          
    
  The aggregate market value of the units held by non-affiliates of the registrant was $34,512,729  as of March 31, 2016. The units are not listed on an exchange or otherwise publicly traded.  The value of the units for this purpose has been based upon the $878  

book value per-unit as of March 31, 2016.  In determining this value, the registrant has assumed that all of its directors and its president are affiliates, but this assumption shall not apply to or be conclusive for any other purpose. 
    
  The number of units outstanding as of November 30, 2016 was 42,049. 
    
  DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE:  Portions of the registrant's definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission with respect to the 2017 annual meeting of the members of the registrant are incorporated by reference into Item 11 of Part III of this Form 10-K. 

LINCOLNWAY ENERGY, LLC 
  FORM 10-K 
  For the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2016 
    
  INDEX 
    
                     Part I. 

Item 1. 
    Business. 
     1 
        
    Item 1A. 
    Risk Factors. 
     20 
        
    Item 2. 
    Properties. 
     34 
        
    Item 3. 
    Legal Proceedings. 
     35 
        
    Item 4. 
    Mine Safety Disclosures 
     36 

Part II. 

Item 5. 
    Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
     36 
        
    Item 6. 
    Selected Financial Data. 
     38 
        
    Item 7. 
    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
     39 
        
    Item 7A. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
     50 
        
    Item 8. 
    Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
     53 
        
    Item 9. 
    Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
     69 
        
    Item 9A. 
    Controls and Procedures. 
     69 
        
    Item 9B. 
    Other Information. 
     70 

Part III. 

Item 10. 
    Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
     71 
        
    Item 11. 
    Executive Compensation. 
     71 
        
    Item 12. 
    Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
     71 
        
    Item 13. 
    Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
     71 
        
    Item 14. 
    Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
     71 

Part IV.      

Item 15.        
    Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
     72 

SIGNATURES 

Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer. 
    E-1 
      Certification of Director of Finance. 
    E-2 
      Section 1350 Certification of President and Director of Finance. 
    E-3 
      Section 1350 Certification of Director of Finance. 
    E-4 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS ON FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
    
  This Annual Report on Form 10-K of Lincolnway Energy, LLC (the    Company,    or    Lincolnway Energy   ) contains historical information as well as forward looking statements that involve known and unknown risks and relate to Lincolnway Energy s beliefs,  future events and expectations relating to the Company s future, including, without limitation the Company s future performance, operations, financial results and condition, anticipated trends in business, revenues, net income, net profits or net losses; projections concerning ethanol prices, corn prices, gas prices, capital needs and cash flow, investment, business, growth, expansion, acquisition and divestiture opportunities and strategies, management's plans or intentions for the future, competitive position or circumstances, and other forecasts, projections, predictions and statements of expectation.  Words such as "expects," "anticipates," "estimates," "plans," "may," "will," "contemplates," "forecasts," "strategy," "future," "potential," "predicts," "projects," "prospects," "possible," "continue," "hopes," "intends," "believes," "seeks," "should," "could," "thinks," "objectives" and other similar expressions or variations of those words or those types of words help identify forward looking statements. 
    
  Actual future performance, outcomes and results may differ materially from those suggested by or expressed in forward looking statements as a result of numerous and varied factors, risks and uncertainties, some that are known and some that are not known, and many of which are beyond the control of Lincolnway Energy and its management.    Lincolnway Energy cannot guarantee Lincolnway Energy's future results, performance or business conditions, and strong or undue reliance must not be placed on any forward looking statements  ,   which speak only as of the date of this report or the date of the document incorporated by reference in this report.    While it is impossible to identify all such factors, factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those estimated by the Company include: 
             
    Changes in the availability and price of corn and natural gas; 
                
    Negative impacts resulting from the reduction in the renewable fuel volume requirements under the Renewable Fuel Standard issued by the Environmental Protection Agency; 
                
    Changes in federal mandates relating to the blending of ethanol with gasoline, including, without limitation reductions to, or the elimination of, the Renewable Fuel Standard volume obligations; 
                
    The inability to comply with the covenants and other requirements of Lincolnway Energy s various loan agreements; 
                
    Negative impacts that hedging activities may have on Lincolnway Energy s operations or financial condition; 
                
    Decreases in the market prices of ethanol and distiller s grains; 
                
    Ethanol supply exceeding demand and corresponding ethanol price reductions; 
                
    Changes in the environmental regulations that apply to the Lincolnway Energy plant operations; 
                
    Changes in plant production capacity or technical difficulties in operating the plant; 
                
    Changes in general economic conditions or the occurrence of certain events causing an economic impact in the agriculture, oil or automobile industries; 
                
    Changes in other federal or state laws and regulations relating to the production and use of ethanol;  
                
    Changes and advances in ethanol production technology; 
                
    Competition from larger producers as well as completion from alternative fuel additives; 
                
    Changes in interest rates and lending conditions of the loan covenants in the Company loan agreements; and 
                
    Volatile commodity and financial markets. 

i 

These forward-looking statements are based on management s estimates, projections and assumptions as of the date hereof and include various assumptions that underlie such statements.  Any expectations based on these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and other important factors, including those discussed below and in the section titled  Risk Factors.  Other risks and uncertainties are disclosed in the Company s prior Securities and Exchange Commission (   SEC   ) filings. These and many other factors could affect the Company s future financial condition and operating results and could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations set forth in the forward-looking statements made in this document or elsewhere by Company or on its behalf.  Lincolnway Energy is not under any obligation, and the Company expressly disclaims any obligation, to update or alter any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  The forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K are included in the safe harbor protection provided by Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the    1933 Act   ) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the    Exchange Act   ). 

ii 

PART I 

Item 1.    Business. 
    
  General Overview 
    
  Lincolnway Energy, LLC (   Lincolnway Energy    or the    Company   ) is an Iowa limited liability company that operates a dry mill ethanol plant located in Nevada, Iowa.  Lincolnway Energy has been processing corn into fuel grade ethanol and distiller s grains at the ethanol plant since May 2006. 
    
  The ethanol plant has a nameplate production capacity of 50,000,000 gallons of ethanol per year, which, at that capacity, would also generate approximately 136,000 tons of distiller s grains per year.  Lincolnway Energy anticipates, however, being able to operate the plant at anywhere from 10% to 30% above the nameplate production capacity.  Lincolnway Energy operated its plant at approximately 14% over nameplate capacity during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 (   Fiscal 2016   ). 
    
  Lincolnway Energy extracts corn oil from the syrup that is generated in the production of ethanol.  Lincolnway Energy estimates that it will produce approximately 8,500 tons of corn oil per year at the plant. 
    
  Air Products and Chemicals, Inc., formerly known as EPCO Carbon Dioxide Products, Inc. ("  Air Products  ")  has a plant on Lincolnway Energy's site that collects the carbon dioxide that is produced as part of the ethanol production process and converts that raw carbon dioxide into liquid carbon dioxide.  Air Products markets and sells the liquid carbon dioxide.  Lincolnway Energy estimates that it will sell approximately 74,500 tons of carbon dioxide per year. 
    
  The Lincolnway Energy board of directors declared a  distribution to its members on September 1, 2016 in the amount of $45 per unit, resulting in an aggregate distribution of $1,892,205 to its members.  

Financial Information 
    
  Please refer to    Item 7-Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    for information about Lincolnway Energy s revenue, profit and loss measurements and total assets and liabilities, and    Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data    for its financial statements and supplementary data. 

Principal Products and Their Distribution Markets 
    
  Lincolnway Energy's principal products are fuel grade ethanol and distiller s grains.  In addition, Lincolnway Energy is extracting corn oil for sale and capturing a portion of the raw carbon dioxide produced for sale.  The table below shows the approximate percentage of Lincolnway Energy s total revenue which is attributed to each of its products during the last three fiscal years. 

1 

Ethanol 
    
  Lincolnway Energy s primary product is fuel grade ethanol which it produces from corn.  Ethanol is ethyl alcohol, a fuel component made primarily from corn and various other grains, which can be used as: (i) an octane enhancer in fuels; (ii) an oxygenated fuel additive for the purpose of reducing ozone and carbon monoxide vehicle emissions; and (iii) a non-petroleum-based gasoline substitute.  More than 99% of all ethanol produced in the United States is used in its primary form for blending with unleaded gasoline and other fuel products.   
  Lincolnway Energy originally entered into an Ethanol Marketing Agreement with Eco-Energy, Inc. ("  Eco-Energy  ") effective January 1, 2013 and on October 2, 2015, the parties entered into a new agreement which commenced on January 1, 2016 which had substantially the same terms as the January 1, 2013 agreement.  Under the agreement, Eco-Energy has the exclusive right to purchase all of the ethanol that is produced by Lincolnway Energy.  Eco-Energy is required to use commercially reasonable and diligent efforts to market all of Lincolnway Energy s output of ethanol and to obtain the best price for the ethanol.  The purchase price payable to Lincolnway Energy under the agreement is the purchase price set forth in the applicable purchase order, less a marketing fee payable to Eco- Energy.  The agreement has a two year term and renews for successive renewal terms of two years each unless either Lincolnway Energy or Eco-Energy give the other written notice at least 90 days prior to the end of the then current two year term.  Lincolnway Energy is dependent upon its agreement with Eco-Energy for the marketing and sale of Lincolnway Energy s ethanol, and Lincolnway Energy s loss of the agreement, or Lincolnway Energy s inability to negotiate a new agreement with Eco-Energy or another ethanol marketer before the expiration or termination of the agreement, could have material adverse effects on Lincolnway Energy.  
    
   The primary purchasers of ethanol are refiners, blenders or wholesale marketers of gasoline.  Lincolnway Energy anticipates that its ethanol production will be sold in various regional markets given the availability of rail service at Lincolnway Energy's ethanol plant and local markets that will be shipped by truck, but Eco-Energy controls the marketing of all of Lincolnway Energy's ethanol output. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy s primary means of shipping and distributing ethanol is by rail and truck.   Lincolnway Energy leases 185 tank rail cars that are used for transporting ethanol.  The scheduled terms of the leases vary with the leases expiring between May 2018 and September 2024. 
    
  The nameplate production capacity of Lincolnway Energy's ethanol plant is 50,000,000 gallons of ethanol per year, or approximately 4,167,000 gallons per month.  The ethanol plant exceeded the nameplate production capacity for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, however, by approximately 14%, with about 57,025,000 gallons of ethanol produced during that period  
  
    2 

and an average daily production of 156,000 gallons. This is a 3% decrease from the prior fiscal year due to lower production rates resulting from dealing with infections issues. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy anticipates that the ethanol plant will produce ethanol at a similar rate or higher during the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017 ("  Fiscal 2017  "). 
    
  Lincolnway Energy's revenues from the sale of ethanol during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016,  2015 and 2014 accounted for approximately 78% of Lincolnway Energy's total revenues during those periods.  Lincolnway Energy estimates that its revenues from the sale of ethanol for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017 will account for approximately 78% of Lincolnway Energy's total revenues for that fiscal year. 

Distiller s Grains 
    
  Lincolnway Energy's other primary product is distiller s grains, which is a byproduct of the ethanol production process.  Distiller s grains are the solids that are left after the processing and fermentation of corn into ethanol.  Distiller s grains are a high protein feed supplement that are marketed primarily in the swine, dairy and beef industries.  Distiller s grains can also be used in poultry and other livestock feed. 
    
  A dry mill ethanol process such as that utilized by Lincolnway Energy can produce wet distiller s grains and dried distiller s grains.  Wet distiller s grain contains approximately 60% moisture, and has a shelf life of approximately ten days.  Wet distiller s grains can therefore only be sold to users located within relatively close proximity to the ethanol plant.  Dried distiller s grain is wet distiller s grain that has been dried to 10% to 12% moisture.  Dried distiller s grain has an extended shelf life and may be sold and shipped to any market. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy entered into a Distiller s Grain Off-Take Agreement with Gavilon Ingredients, LLC effective January 1, 2014.  Under this agreement, Gavilon is required to purchase all of the distiller s grains produced at Lincolnway Energy s ethanol plant.  The purchase price will be the corresponding price being paid to Gavilon for the distiller s grains in question, less certain logistics costs and a service fee.  Gavilon must use commercially reasonable efforts to achieve the highest price available under prevailing marketing conditions.  The agreement can be terminated after its initial one year term by either Lincolnway Energy or Gavilon on a 60 days prior written notice. The agreement can also be terminated for an uncured breach of the Agreement and in the event of the bankruptcy or other similar circumstances with respect to Lincolnway Energy or Gavilon. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy is dependent upon its distiller s grains marketing agreement with Gavilon for the marketing and sale of Lincolnway Energy's distiller s grains, and Lincolnway Energy's loss of the agreement, or Lincolnway Energy's inability to negotiate a new agreement with Gavilon or another marketer before the expiration or termination of the agreement, could have material adverse effects on Lincolnway Energy. 
    
  The primary purchasers of distiller s grains are individuals or companies involved in dairy, beef or other livestock production.  Lincolnway Energy anticipates that approximately 7% of its distiller s grains will be locally marketed to nearby  
  
    3 

livestock producers, but Lincolnway Energy s distiller s grains marketer controls the marketing of all of Lincolnway Energy's distiller s grains. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy's primary means of shipping and distributing distiller s grain is by rail and truck.  Local livestock producers are also able to pick up distiller s grains directly from the ethanol plant.  Lincolnway Energy leases 90  hopper rail cars which are used for transporting distiller s grains.  Lincolnway Energy's lease for the hopper rail cars expires in June 2019. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy produced 156,557 tons of distiller s grains during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, or approximately 13,046 tons of distiller s grains per month.  The composition of the distiller s grains was approximately 17% wet distiller s grains and 83% dried distiller s grains. Dried distiller s production decreased approximately 2.8% from the prior fiscal year. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy anticipates producing distiller s grains at a similar rate or higher during the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy's revenues from the sale of distiller s grains during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and  2014 accounted for approximately 17%, 19% and 20%, respectively, of Lincolnway Energy's total revenues during those periods.   

Corn Oil 
    
  Lincolnway Energy has a corn oil extraction system that extracts corn oil from thin stiggage that is generated in the production of ethanol. Lincolnway Energy markets and distributes all of the corn oil it produces directly to end users and third party brokers within the domestic market. Lincolnway Energy's primary means of shipping and distributing corn oil is by truck.  
    
  Lincolnway Energy estimates that it will produce and sell approximately 8,500 tons of corn oil per year at the plant.  Lincolnway Energy s corn oil sales were approximately $3,475,000, $2,300,000 and $2,700,000 respectively, for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, which represented approximately 3%, 2% and 2% of Lincolnway Energy's total revenues for those respective fiscal years.  Lincolnway Energy's corn oil sales increased approximately 48% during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the prior fiscal year.  The increase was due to increased production relating to the implementation of various process improvements. 

Carbon Dioxide 
    
  Lincolnway Energy has a Carbon Dioxide Purchase and Sale Agreement and a related Non-Exclusive CO  2   Facility Site Lease Agreement with Air Products, Inc. ("Air Products"). Under those agreements, Air Products maintains a plant on Lincolnway Energy's site to collect the carbon dioxide which is produced as part of the ethanol production process and to convert that raw carbon dioxide into liquid carbon dioxide. 

4 

Air Products also markets and sells the liquid carbon dioxide gas under those agreements.  The purchase price payable by Air Products for the raw carbon dioxide provided by Lincolnway Energy is based upon Air Products shipped tons of liquid carbon dioxide.  The agreement also includes a "take or pay" term which requires Air Products to purchase, during each contract year, the greater of a specified number of shipped tons per day or a percentage of the annual liquid carbon dioxide production capacity of the Air Products plant at full capacity.  The annual liquid carbon dioxide production capacity of the Air Products plant will be determined based upon the capacity run procedures as set out in the agreement.  The take or pay obligation is trued up at the end of each contract year, and the purchase price for any "take or pay" tons will be the average per shipped ton purchase price paid by Air Products during the contract year.  The term of the marketing agreement with Air Products is ten years from the date on which liquid carbon dioxide was first produced at the plant, which was during August, 2010, unless the agreement is earlier terminated for any of the other reasons set out in the agreement.  Air Products is required to remove the plant and related equipment following any termination of the agreement. 
    
  Air Products is responsible for the shipment of all liquid carbon dioxide, which Lincolnway Energy expects will continue to be shipped by truck. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy estimates it will sell approximately 74,500 tons of carbon dioxide per year to Air Products.  Lincolnway Energy does not, however, anticipate that revenues from the sale of carbon dioxide to Air Products will be a material product of Lincolnway Energy, given that Lincolnway Energy estimates that those revenues will constitute less than 1% of Lincolnway Energy's total revenues during any fiscal year. 
    
    Principal Product Markets 
  As described above in the section entitled  Principal Products and Their Distribution Methods,  Lincolnway Energy markets and distributes all of its ethanol and distiller s grains through third party marketers.  Lincolnway Energy s ethanol and distiller s grains are primarily sold in the domestic market; however, as markets allow, its products can be and have been sold in the export markets. 
    
  Over the past fiscal year, United States exports of ethanol have increased with Canada receiving the largest percentage of ethanol produced in the United States and China and Brazil in second and third place, respectively. India, the Philippines and South Korea have also been top destinations. However, ethanol export demand is more unpredictable than domestic demand and tends to fluctuate over time as it is subject monetary and political forces in other nations.  For instance, the strengthening of the U.S. Dollar may negatively impact ethanol exports from the United States. 
    
  As distiller s grains have become more accepted as an animal feed throughout the world and therefore, distiller s grains exporting has increased and may continue to increase as worldwide acceptance grows.  The United States ethanol industry exported a significant amount of distiller s grains to China and Mexico during Fiscal 2016 with South Korea and Vietnam also receiving notable amounts; however, exports of distiller s grains weakened towards the end of Fiscal 2016. Earlier this year, China began an anti-dumping and countervailing duty investigation related to distiller s grains imported from the United States which contributed to a decline in distillers grains shipped to China. Recently, China issued a preliminary ruling on the anti-dumping investigation imposing an immediate duty on distiller s grains that are produced in the United States. In addition, China implemented an anti- 
  
    5 

subsidy duty which was implemented as of September 30, 2016. The imposition of these duties are expected to result in a further decline in demand from this top importer requiring United States producers to seek out alternatives markets. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy expects its third party marketing agents to explore all markets for its products, including export markets, and believes that there is some potential for increased international sales of its products. However, due to high transportation costs, and the fact that Lincolnway Energy is not located near a major international shipping port, Lincolnway Energy expects the majority of its ethanol and distiller s grains to continue to be marketed and sold domestically. 
    
  As described above in the section entitled  Principal Products and Their Distribution Methods,  Lincolnway Energy sells carbon dioxide to Air Products and Lincolnway Energy markets and distributes all of the corn oil it produces directly to end users and third party brokers in the domestic market. 

Sources and Availability of Raw Materials 
  Corn 
  The principal raw material necessary to produce ethanol, distiller s grain and corn oil is corn.  Lincolnway Energy is significantly dependent on the availability and price of corn which are affected by supply and demand factors such as crop production, carryout, exports, government policies and programs, risk management and weather.  With the volatility of the weather and commodity markets, Lincolnway Energy cannot predict the future price of corn.  Because the market price of ethanol is not correlated to corn prices, Lincolnway Energy, like most ethanol producers, is not able to compensate for increases in the cost of corn through adjustments in its prices for its ethanol although Lincolnway Energy does see increases in the prices of its distiller s grain during times of higher corn prices.  However, given that ethanol sales comprise the  majority of Lincolnway Energy s revenues, the inability of the Company to adjust its ethanol prices can result in a negative impact on its profitability during periods of high corn prices. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy estimates that it will utilize approximately 21,000,000 bushels of corn per year at its ethanol plant, or approximately 1,750,000 bushels per month, assuming production at a capacity of approximately 57,750,000 gallons of ethanol per year. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy's ethanol plant is located in Nevada, Iowa, which is located in Story County.  Although Lincolnway Energy anticipates purchasing corn from various sources and areas, Lincolnway Energy believes that Story County will produce a sufficient supply of corn, assuming normal growing conditions, to generate the necessary annual requirements of corn for the ethanol plant.  There is not, however, any assurance that Lincolnway Energy will be able to purchase sufficient corn supplies from Story County or regarding the supply or availability of corn given the numerous factors that affect the supply and price for corn. 
    
  On November 9, 2016, the United States Department of Agriculture (the    USDA   ) released a report estimating the 2016 corn crop at 15.2 billion bushels, up approximately 11% from last year s production, with yields averaging 175.3 bushels per acre.  These projections were modestly above trade expectations. 

6 

Corn prices were lower during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015.  Lincolnway Energy s management expects that corn prices will continue to remain depressed through the first two quarters of the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017 (   Fiscal 2017   ) as a result of the high levels of production and yield forecasted by the USDA.  However, if corn prices rise again, due to circumstances not foreseen by the Company, unless Lincolnway Energy can increase the price it receives for its ethanol and distiller s grains so that such revenues outpace the rising corn prices, there will be an adverse impact on Lincolnway Energy s operating margins and profitability.  Management continually monitors corn prices and the availability of corn near its plant and also attempts to minimize the effects of the volatility of corn costs on profitability through its risk management strategies, including hedging positions taken in the corn market. 
    
  There is also uncertainty regarding climate change, and any climate changes could adversely affect corn production in Lincolnway Energy's primary market area or other corn production areas in the United States and elsewhere, and thereby both the supply and price of corn. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy originates its corn needs in house and procures corn from various sources which is delivered to the plant by truck.  Lincolnway Energy has corn storage capabilities for approximately 20 days of continuous ethanol production. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy purchased 20,703,796 bushels of corn during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, and, 21,220,985 and 20,342,604 bushels during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Energy and Water Requirements 
  The production of ethanol is an energy intensive process which uses significant amounts of electricity and natural gas as a heat source.  Presently, about 24,000 BTUs of energy are required to produce a gallon of ethanol.  It is Lincolnway Energy s goal to operate the plant as safely and profitably as possible, optimizing the amount of energy consumed per gallon of ethanol produced, balanced with the relative values of wet distiller s grains as compared to dry distiller s grains.  The Company s investment in the conversion from a coal fired plant to a natural gas plant is one example of the Company s commitment to energy efficiency and the environment. 
  Natural Gas 
  During November 2014, Lincolnway Energy converted from a coal fired plant to a natural gas plant.  The Company has pipeline transportation contracts with two entities, Northern Natural Gas Pipeline and Alliant Energy.  The Northern Natural Gas Pipeline contract provides for the transport of natural gas from Canada and the Dakotas to a hub in Story City, Iowa.  The contract is for 5 years and expires in March 2021.  The Alliant Energy contract provides for the transport of natural gas from Story City, Iowa directly into the plant and expires in 2024.  Natural gas is purchased through a broker that contracts on behalf of Lincolnway Energy.  Lincolnway Energy consumes approximately 5,000 MMBTUs per day or 1.8 million MMBTUs per year.  Lincolnway Energy purchased approximately 1.7 million MMBTUs of natural gas for $5.7 million during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016. 

7 

Electricity and Water 
  Lincolnway Energy's ethanol plant also requires a significant amount of electricity and water.  Lincolnway Energy's electricity needs are currently met by Alliant Energy.  Lincolnway Energy pays the general service rates for its electricity. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy utilizes approximately two gallons of water to produce a gallon of ethanol, which results in the use of approximately 325,000 gallons of water per day.  Lincolnway Energy discharges 275,000 gallons of water per day that has been purified by a reverse osmosis system. Lincolnway Energy's water needs are currently met by the City of Nevada. 

Rail Access 
  Rail access is critical to the operation of Lincolnway Energy's ethanol plant because rail is used for the shipment and distribution of ethanol and distiller s grains.  Lincolnway Energy utilizes rail track owned by Lincolnway Energy and tracks owned by the Union Pacific.  Lincolnway Energy has agreements with the Union Pacific Railroad regarding the use of its railroad tracks. 
    
  Technology Changes 
  Lincolnway Energy continues to monitor and evaluate any opportunities that may arise with respect to possible technological improvements and alternative energy sources for Lincolnway Energy's ethanol plant.    For example, Lincolnway Energy used coal as the source for process heat energy during fiscal year 2014. This put Lincolnway Energy at a cost disadvantage to other dry grind ethanol producers.  Through collaboration between two entities and a natural gas line provider, Lincolnway Energy brought natural gas supply to Lincolnway Energy's plant.  In addition to the cost benefits of running natural gas, Lincolnway Energy has realized other potential benefits such as reduced energy usage, reduced environmental compliance cost, and reduced fly ash disposal cost. 
  In April 2014, Lincolnway Energy installed a Selective Milling Technology ("  SMT  ") machine.  The SMT allows a more uniform and consistent feedstock giving the Company more consistent production.  In the spring of 2015, Lincolnway Energy implemented a series of technology improvements focused on increased oil production including centrifuge capacity.  These improvements allow the Company to maximize corn oil production.  In October 2015, the Company installed some additional technology that separates fermentable starches and sugars.  These efficiencies increase yields and the reliability of the plant. 
  Lincolnway Energy also continues to monitor technological developments in the industry, especially those aimed at increasing operating or production efficiencies.  Research is currently being conducted on various processes. 
    
  Competition 
  Domestic Ethanol Competitors 
  Lincolnway Energy's competitors in the U.S. include regional farmer-owned entities, the major oil companies and other large companies.  Competition in the ethanol industry has increased during the past five years, with sustained periods of declining ethanol prices, excess supplies of ethanol and higher and volatile corn prices, including during the 2012 drought.  According to  
  
    8 

the Renewable Fuels Association, as of November 22, 2016, there were 213 ethanol plants in the United States capable of producing 15.789 billion gallons based on nameplate capacity and four additional plants under expansion or construction with capacity to produce an additional 237 million gallons.  Further, the Renewable Fuels Association estimates that virtually none of the ethanol production capacity in the United States is idled. 
  The top five producers account for approximately 44% of production.  Lincolnway Energy is in direct competition with many of these top five producers as well as other national producers, many of whom have greater resources and experience than Lincolnway Energy has and each of which is producing significantly more ethanol than Lincolnway Energy produces.   In addition, Lincolnway Energy believes that the ethanol industry will continue to consolidate leading to a market where a small number of large ethanol producers with substantial production capacities will control an even larger portion of the U.S. ethanol production. 
  In recent years, the ethanol industry has also seen increased competition from oil companies who have purchased ethanol production facilities.  These oil companies are required to blend a certain amount of ethanol each year.   Lincolnway Energy is at a competitive disadvantage compared to the oil companies and its larger competitors who have greater production capacity, greater access to capital and other financial resources, multiple ethanol plants that may help them achieve certain efficiencies and other benefits that Lincolnway Energy cannot achieve with one ethanol plant or may be able to operate at times when it is unprofitable for Lincolnway Energy to operate.  For instance, ethanol producers that own multiple plants may be able to compete in the marketplace more effectively, especially during periods when operating margins are unfavorable, because they have the flexibility to run certain production facilities while reducing production or shutting down production at other facilities.  These large producers may also be able to realize economies of scale which Lincolnway Energy is unable to realize or they may have better negotiating positions with purchasers.  Further, new products or methods of ethanol production developed by larger and better-financed competitors could provide them competitive advantages over Lincolnway Energy.  All of these factors could put Lincolnway Energy at a competitive disadvantage to the oil companies and larger competitors.    
    
  Foreign Competition 
  In recent years, the ethanol industry has experienced increased competition from international suppliers of ethanol and although ethanol imports have decreased during the last two fiscal years, if competition from ethanol imports were to increase again, such increased imports could negatively impact demand for domestic ethanol which could adversely impact our financial results.   
  Many international suppliers produce ethanol primarily from inputs other than corn, such as sugar cane, and have cost structures that may be substantially lower than Lincolnway Energy's and other U.S. based ethanol producers.  Many of these international suppliers are companies with much greater resources than Lincolnway Energy with greater production capacities. 
  Brazil is the world s second largest ethanol producer. Brazil makes ethanol primarily from sugarcane as opposed to corn, and depending on feedstock prices, may be less expensive to produce. In 2016, 14.5 billion gallons of corn-based ethanol was mandated by the Renewable Fuel Standard, when U.S. ethanol production was estimated at 15.3 billion gallons.    Many in the ethanol industry are concerned that certain provisions of RFS2 as adopted may disproportionately benefit ethanol produced from sugarcane. This could make sugarcane based ethanol, which is primarily produced in Brazil, more competitive in the United States ethanol market. If this were to occur, it could reduce demand for the ethanol that we produce. In recent years, sugarcane  
  
    9 

ethanol imported from Brazil has been one of the most economical means for certain obligated parties to comply with the RFS2 requirement to blend 3.6 billion gallons of advanced biofuels. Effective March 16, 2015, the Brazilian government increased the required percentage of ethanol in vehicle fuel sold in Brazil to 27% from 25% which, along with more competitively priced ethanol produced from corn, has significantly reduced U.S. ethanol imports from Brazil. Energy Information Administration (   EIA   ) data shows ethanol imports from Brazil fell to 810 thousand barrels in the first nine months of calendar 2016 from 1190 thousand barrels in the first nine months of calendar 2015.  However, due to the stronger United States Dollar compared to the Brazilian Reis along with very favorable prices for sugarcane based ethanol in the United States, specifically in California, it is possible that ethanol imports from Brazil may increase in Fiscal 2017 which will further impact ethanol supplies in the United States. If we experience significantly more ethanol imports compared to our ethanol exports, it may result in ethanol price decreases. 
  Depending on feedstock prices, ethanol imported from foreign countries, including Brazil, may be less expensive than domestically-produced ethanol.  However, foreign demand, transportation costs and infrastructure constraints may temper the market impact on the United States. 
    
  Local Competition and Smaller Competitors 
  Because the Lincolnway Energy ethanol plant is located in the center of Iowa, and because ethanol producers generally compete primarily with local and regional producers, the ethanol producers located in Iowa presently constitute the Company s primary competition.  According to the Iowa Renewable Fuels Association, as of November 18, 2016, Iowa had 44 ethanol refineries in production, with a combined nameplate capacity to produce 4.043 billion gallons of ethanol. 
  In addition, smaller competitors also pose a threat.  Farmer-owned cooperatives and independent companies consisting of groups of individual farmers and investors have been able to compete successfully in the ethanol industry; although Lincolnway Energy believes that smaller ethanol plants may have increasing difficulty in competing with larger plants over the longer term especially if the volatile market conditions of the last few years continue.  These smaller competitors operate smaller facilities which do not affect the local price of corn grown in the proximity to the facility as much as larger facilities do, and some of the smaller competitors are farmer-owned and the farmer-owners either commit, or are incented by their ownership in the facility, to sell corn to the facility. 
    
  Competition from Alternative Renewable Fuels 
    
  Lincolnway Energy anticipates increased competition from renewable fuels that do not use corn as feedstock. Many of the current ethanol production incentives are designed to encourage the production of renewable fuels using raw materials other than corn, including cellulose. Cellulose is the main component of plant cell walls and is the most common organic compound on earth. Cellulose is found in wood chips, corn stalks, rice straw, amongst other common plants. Cellulosic ethanol is ethanol produced from cellulose. Research continues regarding cellulosic ethanol, and various companies are in various stages of developing and constructing some of the first generation cellulosic plants. Several companies have commenced pilot projects to study the feasibility of commercially producing cellulosic ethanol and are producing cellulosic ethanol on a small scale and at least three companies in the United States have begun producing on a commercial scale. Additional commercial scale cellulosic ethanol plants could be  
  
    10 

completed in the near future.  Although these cellulosic ethanol plants have faced some financial and technological issues, if this technology can be profitably employed on a commercial scale, it could potentially lead to ethanol that is less expensive to produce than corn based ethanol. Cellulosic ethanol may also capture more government subsidies and assistance than corn based ethanol. This could decrease demand for our product or result in competitive disadvantages for our ethanol production process. 
  DuPont Danisco Cellulosic Ethanol, LLC purchased approximately 59 acres of real estate from Lincolnway Energy and has constructed a cellulosic ethanol plant on the real estate.  Lincolnway Energy's plant is not designed to produce ethanol from cellulosic stocks, and Lincolnway Energy does not contemplate converting its plant to produce ethanol from cellulosic stocks.  If this technology can be profitably employed on a commercial scale, it could potentially lead to ethanol that is less expensive to produce than corn based ethanol, especially when corn prices are high. Cellulosic ethanol may also capture more government subsidies and assistance than corn based ethanol. This could decrease demand for Lincolnway Energy s product or result in competitive disadvantages for its ethanol production process. 
  A number of automotive, industrial and power generation manufacturers are developing alternative clean power systems using fuel cells, plug-in hybrids, electric cars or clean burning gaseous fuels. Like ethanol, the emerging fuel cell industry offers a technological option to address worldwide energy costs, the long-term availability of petroleum reserves and environmental concerns. Fuel cells have emerged as a potential alternative to certain existing power sources because of their higher efficiency, reduced noise and lower emissions. Fuel cell industry participants are currently targeting the transportation, stationary power and portable power markets in order to decrease fuel costs, lessen dependence on crude oil and reduce harmful emissions. If the fuel cell industry continues to expand and gain broad acceptance and becomes readily available to consumers for motor vehicle use, the Company may not be able to compete effectively. This additional competition could reduce the demand for ethanol, which would negatively impact Lincolnway Energy s profitability. 
  Some competitors operate their ethanol plant and produce ethanol using different sources of energy than coal or gas or using various other sources of energy.  The other sources of energy include biomass and various forms of waste type products, such as woodwaste, tires, construction waste and other waste products.  Those competitors may have lower production and input costs and/or higher operating efficiencies than Lincolnway Energy, which would allow them to produce and market their ethanol at lower prices than Lincolnway Energy. 
  Competition from newly developed fuel additives would also reduce the use of ethanol and Lincolnway Energy's profitability.  Although it is difficult to predict if any new fuel additives will be developed, it likely will occur at some point, and it could be in the near future. 
  Since ethanol is a commodity competition in the industry is predominately based on price and therefore, Lincolnway Energy's ability to compete successfully in the ethanol industry will depend upon its ability to price its ethanol competitively, which in turn will depend on many factors, many of which are beyond the control of Lincolnway Energy and its management.  As indicated above, one of those factors is that Lincolnway Energy is subject to material and substantial competition, including from competitors who will be able to produce or market significantly higher volumes of ethanol and at lower prices. 
    
  Distiller s Grain Competition 
  Ethanol plants in the Midwest produce the majority of distiller s grains and primarily compete with other ethanol producers in the production and sales of distiller s grains. According to the Renewable Fuels Association's Ethanol Industry Outlook  
  
    11 

2016 (the  RFA 2016 Outlook ), ethanol plants produced more than 40 million metric tons of distiller s grains and other animal feed in 2015.  The Company competes with other producers of distiller s grains products both locally and nationally. 
  The primary customers of distiller s grains are dairy and beef cattle, according to the RFA 2016 Outlook. In recent years, an increasing amount of distiller s grains have been used in the swine and poultry markets. Numerous feeding trials show advantages in milk production, growth, rumen health, and palatability over other dairy cattle feeds. With the advancement of research into the feeding rations of poultry and swine, Lincolnway Energy expects these markets to expand and create additional demand for distiller s grains; however, no assurance can be given that these markets will in fact expand, or if they do, that the Company will benefit from such expansion. 
  The market for distiller s grains is generally confined to locations where freight costs allow it to be competitively priced against other feed ingredients. Distiller s grains compete with three other feed formulations: corn gluten feed, dry brewers grain and mill feeds. The primary value of these products as animal feed is their protein content. Dry brewers grain and distiller s grains have about the same protein content, and corn gluten feed and mill feeds have slightly lower protein contents. Distiller s grains contain nutrients, fat content, and fiber that Lincolnway Energy believes will differentiate its distiller s grains products from other feed formulations. However, producers of other forms of animal feed may also have greater experience and resources than Lincolnway Energy does and their products may have greater acceptance among producers of beef and dairy cattle, poultry and hogs. 
  There is also uncertainty regarding climate change, and any climate changes could adversely affect corn production in Lincolnway Energy's primary market area or other corn production areas in the United States and elsewhere, and thereby both the supply and price of corn. 
    
  Principal Supply   Demand Factors 
  Lincolnway Energy's gross margin will depend significantly on the spread between ethanol and corn prices, and in particular the spread (sometimes referred to as the crush spread) between the price of a gallon of ethanol and the price for the amount of corn required to produce a gallon of ethanol.  The price of ethanol and corn fluctuates frequently and widely, however, so any favorable spread between ethanol and corn prices which may exist from time to time cannot be relied upon as indicative of the future.  It is possible for the circumstance to arise where corn costs increase and ethanol prices decrease to the point where Lincolnway Energy could be required to suspend operations.  Any suspension of operations could have a material adverse effect on Lincolnway Energy's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
    
  The supply and cost of other inputs needed by Lincolnway Energy can also vary greatly, such as natural gas, electric and other energy costs.  Lincolnway Energy's ethanol plant currently utilizes natural gas as its primary energy source, and Lincolnway Energy estimates that natural gas costs will, on average, make up approximately 4% of Lincolnway Energy's annual total operating costs.  The prices for and availability of natural gas are subject to numerous market conditions and factors which are beyond Lincolnway Energy's control.  Significant disruptions in the supply of natural gas would impair Lincolnway Energy's ability to produce ethanol, and increases in natural gas prices or changes in Lincolnway Energy's natural gas costs relative to the  
  
    12 

costs paid by Lincolnway Energy's competitors would adversely affect Lincolnway Energy's competitiveness and results of operation and financial position. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy may attempt to offset a portion of the effects of such fluctuations by entering into forward contracts to supply ethanol and to purchase corn by engaging in hedging and other futures related activities, but those activities also involve substantial risks and may be ineffective to mitigate price fluctuations and may in fact lead to substantial losses. 
    
  Transportation issues and costs can also be a factor in the price for ethanol because ethanol is currently shipped by truck or by rail, and not by pipeline, and because ethanol generally needs to be shipped relatively long distances to a terminal where the ethanol can be blended with gasoline. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy's inability to foresee or accurately predict changes in the supply or prices of ethanol or of corn, natural gas and other inputs will adversely affect Lincolnway Energy's business, results of operation and financial position.  For example, as noted above, Lincolnway Energy anticipated lower corn prices following the 2012 crop season, but the drought instead resulted in significantly higher corn prices.  Also, as a result of the volatility of the prices for these commodities, Lincolnway Energy's results will likely fluctuate substantially over time.  Lincolnway Energy will experience periods during which the prices for ethanol and distiller s grains decline and the costs of Lincolnway Energy's raw materials increase, which will result in lower profits or operating losses, which could be material at times, and which will adversely affect Lincolnway Energy's financial condition. 

Federal Ethanol Support and Governmental Regulations 
    
  RFS and Related Federal Legislation 
    
  The ethanol industry is dependent on several economic incentives to produce ethanol, including ethanol use mandates. One significant federal ethanol support is the Federal Renewable Fuels Standard (the    RFS   ) which has been and will continue to be a driving factor in the growth of ethanol usage. The RFS requires that in each year a certain amount of renewable fuels must be used in the United States.  The RFS is a national program that does not require that any renewable fuels be used in any particular area or state, allowing refiners to use renewable fuel blends in those areas where it is most cost-effective.   The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (the    EPA   ) is responsible for revising and implementing regulations to ensure that transportation fuel sold in the United States contains a minimum volume of renewable fuel. 
  On February 3, 2010, the EPA implemented new regulations governing the RFS which are referred to as    RFS2  .  The RFS2 requirements increase incrementally each year through 2022 when the mandate requires that the United States use 36 billion gallons of renewable fuels.  Starting in 2009, the RFS required that a portion of the RFS must be met by certain  advanced  renewable fuels. These advanced renewable fuels include ethanol that is not made from corn, such as cellulosic ethanol and biomass based biodiesel.  The use of these advanced renewable fuels increases each year as a percentage of the total renewable fuels required to be used in the United States. 
  
    13 

Annually, the EPA is supposed to pass a rule that establishes the number of gallons of different types of renewable fuels that must be used in the United States which is called the renewable volume obligations. However, the EPA decided to delay finalizing the rule on the 2014 and 2015 RFS2 standards until after the end of 2014. On November 30, 2015, the EPA issued its final rules in response to the public comments received relating to the reductions in its proposed rules (the    EPA Final Rule   ).  The following chart sets forth the statutory volumes and the EPA Final Rule volumes for 2014, 2015 and 2016 (in billion gallons) are as follows: 

The volume requirements mandated in the EPA Final Rule are still below the volume requirements statutorily mandated by Congress. These reduced volume requirements, combined with the potential elimination of such requirements by the exercise of the EPA waiver authority or by Congress, could decrease the market price and demand for ethanol which will negatively impact the Company s financial performance. 
  On May 18, 2016, the EPA released a proposed rule to set 2017 renewable volume requirements under RFS2 which set the annual volume requirement for renewable fuel at 18.8 billion gallons per year, of which 14.8 billion gallons may be met with corn-based ethanol.  The EPA issued the final rule for 2017 and increased the total volume requirements from 18.8 billion gallons to 19.28 billion gallons (the  Final 2017 Rule ).  Although the final 2017 volume requirements are a significant increase over the 2016 volume requirements and the requirements originally proposed in May 2016, the volume requirements are still below the statutory mandate for 2017 of 24 billion gallons per year.  However, in connection with the issuance of the Final 2017 Rule, the EPA increased the number of gallons which may be met by corn-based ethanol from 14.8 billions gallons to 15 billion gallons.  This brings the renewable volume obligations for conventional renewable fuels that can be met by corn-based ethanol back to the levels called for in the statutory mandate.  Although this signals a sign of support of the RFS2 by the EPA and a rejection of arguments by the oil industry relating to the "blend wall," there is no guarantee that for future years the EPA will adhere to the statutory mandate for conventional renewable fuels.  
  Various ethanol and other industry groups submitted public comments to the EPA urging the EPA to adjust the volume requirements set forth in the EPA Final Rules and the Final 2017 Rule to conform to the statutory requirements.  
  Beginning in January 2016, various ethanol and agricultural industry groups petitioned a federal appeals court to hear a legal challenge to the EPA Final Rule. In addition, various representatives of the oil industry have also filed challenges to the EPA Final Rule. If the EPA's decision to reduce the volume requirements under the RFS2 is allowed to stand, or if the volume requirements  
  
    14 

are further reduced, it could have an adverse effect on the market price and demand for ethanol which would negatively impact our financial performance. 
  The most controversial part of RFS2 involves what is commonly referred to as the lifecycle analysis of greenhouse gas emissions. Specifically, the EPA adopted rules to determine which renewable fuels provided sufficient reductions in greenhouse gases, compared to conventional gasoline, to qualify under the RFS program. RFS2 establishes a tiered approach, where regular renewable fuels are required to accomplish a 20% greenhouse gas reduction compared to gasoline, advanced biofuels and biomass-based biodiesel must accomplish a 50% reduction in greenhouse gases, and cellulosic biofuels must accomplish a 60% reduction in greenhouse gases. Any fuels that fail to meet this standard cannot be used by fuel blenders to satisfy their obligations under the RFS program.  
  Based on the final regulations, the Company believes its plant, at its current operating capacity, was grandfathered into the RFS given it was constructed prior to the effective date of the lifecycle greenhouse gas requirement and therefore is not required to prove compliance with the lifecycle greenhouse gas reductions.   However, expansion of the plant will require the Company to meet a threshold of a 20% reduction in greenhouse gas, or GHG emissions to produce ethanol eligible for the RFS2 mandate. In order to expand capacity at the plant, Lincolnway Energy may be required to obtain additional permits, install advanced technology, or reduce drying of certain amounts of distiller s grains. 
  Many in the ethanol industry are concerned that certain provisions of RFS2 as adopted may disproportionately benefit ethanol produced from sugarcane. This could make sugarcane based ethanol, which is primarily produced in Brazil, more competitive in the United States ethanol market. If this were to occur, it could reduce demand for the ethanol that the Company produces.     
  Due primarily in response to the drought conditions experienced in 2012, claims that blending of ethanol into the motor fuel supply will be constrained by unwillingness of the market to accept greater than 10% ethanol blends, or the blend wall, and other industry factors, new legislation aimed at reducing or eliminating renewable fuel use required by RFS2 has been introduced. The Renewable Fuel Standard Elimination Act, introduced in April 2013, targets the repeal of the renewable fuel program of the EPA. Also introduced in April 2013, the RFS Reform Bill would prohibit more than ten percent (10%) ethanol in gasoline and reduce the RFS2 mandated volume of renewable fuel. These bills failed to make it out of congressional committee and were not enacted into law.  The enactment of these bills, or similar legislation aimed at eliminating or reducing the RFS2 mandates could have a material adverse impact on the ethanol industry as a whole and the Company s business operations. 
  On April 17, 2015, the U.S. Department of Transportation, or DOT, announced rail safety changes for transportation of ethanol and other liquids. Effective immediately, transportation of Class 3 flammable liquids, such as ethanol, are subject to new safety advisories, notices and an emergency order issued by the DOT, Federal Railroad Administration and Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration. The emergency order limits trains to a maximum authorized operating speed limit when passing through highly populated areas and carrying large amounts of ethanol or other Class 3 flammable liquids.  
  On May 1, 2015, the DOT, in coordination with Transport Canada, announced the final rule,  Enhanced Tank Car Standards and Operational Controls for High-Hazard Flammable Trains.  The rule calls for an enhanced tank car standard known as the DOT specification 117 tank car and establishes a schedule beginning in May 2017 to retrofit or replace older tank cars carrying  
  
    15 

crude oil and ethanol. U.S. and Canadian shippers have until May 1, 2023, to phase out or upgrade older DOT-111 tank cars servicing ethanol. Shippers have until July 1, 2023, to retrofit or replace non-jacketed CPC-1232 tank cars, and until May 1, 2025, to retrofit or replace jacketed CPC-1232 tank cars, transporting ethanol in the U.S. and Canada. The rule also establishes new braking standards intended to reduce the severity of accidents and  pile-up effect.  New operational protocols are also applicable, which include reduced speed, routing requirements and local government notifications. In addition, companies that transport hazardous materials must develop more accurate classification protocols.  
    
  State Initiatives and Mandates 
    
  In 2006, Iowa passed legislation promoting the use of renewable fuels in Iowa.  One of the most significant provisions of the Iowa renewable fuels legislation is a renewable fuels standard encouraging 10% of the gasoline sold in Iowa to consist of renewable fuels.  This renewable fuels standard increases incrementally to 25% of the gasoline sold in Iowa by 2020. 
    
  Higher Ethanol Blends 
    
  Demand for ethanol has been affected by moderately increased consumption of E85 fuel, a blend of 85% ethanol and 15% gasoline.  E85 can be used as an aviation fuel, as reported by the National Corn Growers Association, and as a hydrogen source for fuel cells. According to the Renewable Fuels Association, there are currently more than 14 million flexible fuel vehicles capable of operating on E85 in the United States and automakers such as Ford and General Motors have indicated plans to produce several million more flexible fuel vehicles per year.  The U.S. Department of Energy reports that there were 2,700 retail gasoline stations supplying E85.  While the number of retail E85 suppliers has increased each year, this remains a relatively small percentage of the total number of U.S. retail gasoline stations, which is approximately 170,000.  In order for E85 fuel to increase demand for ethanol, it must be available for consumers to purchase it.  As public awareness of ethanol and E85 increases along with E85 s increased availability, management anticipates some growth in demand for ethanol associated with increased E85 consumption. The USDA provides financial assistance to help implement  blender pumps  in the United States in order to increase demand for ethanol and to help offset the cost of introducing mid-level ethanol blends into the United States retail gasoline market. A blender pump is a gasoline pump that can dispense a variety of different ethanol/gasoline blends. Blender pumps typically can dispense E10, E20, E30, E40, E50 and E85. These blender pumps accomplish these different ethanol/gasoline blends by internally mixing ethanol and gasoline which are held in separate tanks at the retail gas stations. Many in the ethanol industry believe that increased use of blender pumps will increase demand for ethanol by allowing gasoline retailers to provide various mid-level ethanol blends in a cost effective manner and allowing consumers with flex-fuel vehicles to purchase more ethanol through these mid-level blends. 
  Changes in Corporate Average Fuel Economy (   CAFE   ) standards have also benefited the ethanol industry by encouraging use of E85 fuel products. CAFE provides an effective 54% efficiency bonus to flexible-fuel vehicles running on E85. This variance encourages auto manufacturers to build more flexible-fuel models, particularly in trucks and sport utility vehicles that are otherwise unlikely to meet CAFE standards. 
    
  E15 

16 

E15 is a blend of gasoline and up to 15% ethanol.   The EPA has completed its evaluation of the health effects tests of E15 and on February 17, 2012, they announced that fuel manufacturers are now able to register E15 with the EPA for sale. In April 2012, a group of ethanol industry members funded a national fuel survey on E15 to meet one of the final requirements of the EPA prior to introducing E15 into the marketplace. In June 2012, the EPA gave final approval for the sale and use of E15 ethanol blends in light duty vehicles made since 2001, representing nearly two-thirds of all vehicles on the road. In July 2012, the first retail sales of E15 ethanol blends in the U.S. occurred.  According to the EPA, as of October 22, 2015, there were 157 gas stations in 21 states offering E15 to consumers. 
  In May 2015, the USDA announced that the agency will invest up to $100 million in a biofuels infrastructure partnership to double the number of renewable fuel blender pumps that can supply consumers with higher ethanol blends, like E15 and E85.  The program will provide competitive grants, matched by states, to help implement  blender pumps  in the United States in order to increase demand for ethanol and to help offset the cost of introducing mid-level ethanol blends into the United States retail gasoline market. A blender pump is a gasoline pump that can dispense a variety of different ethanol/gasoline blends. Blender pumps typically can dispense E10, E20, E30, E40, E50 and E85. These blender pumps accomplish these different ethanol/gasoline blends by internally mixing ethanol and gasoline which are held in separate tanks at the retail gas stations. Many in the ethanol industry believe that increased use of blender pumps will increase demand for ethanol by allowing gasoline retailers to provide various mid-level ethanol blends in a cost effective manner and allowing consumers with flex-fuel vehicles to purchase more ethanol through these mid-level blends. However, the expense of blender pumps has delayed their availability in the retail gasoline market.  
    
  Cellulosic Ethanol 
    
  The Energy Independence and Security Act provided numerous funding opportunities in support of cellulosic ethanol. In addition, RFS2 mandates an increasing level of production of biofuels which are not derived from corn. These policies suggest an increasing policy preference away from corn ethanol and toward cellulosic ethanol. 
    
  Environmental and Other Regulations  
  Ethanol production involves the emission of various airborne pollutants, including particulate matters, carbon monoxide, oxides of nitrogen, volatile organic compounds and sulfur dioxide.  Ethanol production also requires the use of significant volumes of water, a portion of which is treated and discharged into the environment.  Lincolnway Energy is required to maintain various environmental and operating permits.  Even though it has successfully acquired the permits necessary for  operations, any retroactive change in environmental regulations, either at the federal or state level, could require Lincolnway Energy to obtain additional or new permits or spend considerable resources on complying with such regulations.  In addition, if Lincolnway Energy sought to expand the plant s capacity in the future, above its current 50 million gallons, it would likely be required to acquire additional regulatory permits and could also be required to install additional pollution control equipment.   The failure of Lincolnway Energy to obtain and maintain any environmental and/or operating permits currently required or which may be required in the future could force the Company to make material changes to its plant or to shut down altogether. 
    
  The U.S. Supreme Court has classified carbon dioxide as an air pollutant under the Clean Air Act in a case seeking to require the EPA to regulate carbon dioxide in vehicle emissions. As stated above, the Company believes the final RFS2 regulations  
  
    17 

grandfather the plant at its current operating capacity, though expansion of the plant will need to meet a threshold of a 20% reduction in greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emissions from a baseline measurement to produce ethanol eligible for the RFS2 mandate. In order to expand capacity at the plant above the current 50 million gallons, the Company will likely be required to obtain additional permits and install improved technology. 
    
  Separately, the California Air Resources Board ( CARB ) has adopted a Low Carbon Fuel Standard (the  LCFS ) requiring a 10% reduction in GHG emissions from transportation fuels by 2020 using a lifecycle GHG emissions calculation,  On December 29, 2011, a federal district court in California ruled that the California LCFS was unconstitutional which halted implementation of the California LCFS. CARB appealed this court ruling and on September 18, 2013, the federal appellate court reversed the federal district court finding the LCFS constitutional and remanding the case back to federal district court to determine whether the LCFS imposes a burden on interstate commerce that is excessive in light of the local benefits. On June 30, 2014, the United States Supreme Court declined to hear the appeal of the federal appellate court ruling and CARB recently re-adopted the LCFS with some slight modifications. The LCFS could have a negative impact on the overall market demand for corn-based ethanol and result in decreased ethanol prices.     
    
  Part of Lincolnway Energy s business is regulated by environmental laws and regulations governing the labeling, use, storage, discharge and disposal of hazardous materials. Other examples of government policies that can have an impact on the Company s business include tariffs, duties, subsidies, import and export restrictions and outright embargoes. 
    
  The Company also employs maintenance and operations personnel at its plant. In addition to the attention that the Company places on the health and safety of its employees, the operations at the plant are governed by the regulations of the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, or OSHA. 
    
  The Company has  obtained all of the necessary permits to operate the plant. Although Lincolnway Energy has been successful in obtaining all of the permits currently required, any retroactive change in environmental regulations, either at the federal or state level, could require the Company to obtain additional or new permits or spend considerable resources in complying with such regulations.  
    
  In September 2015, in response to the Food Safety Modernization Act of 2011 ( FSMA ), the U.S. Food and Drug Association (the  FDA ) issued rules for Current Good Manufacturing Practice, Hazard Analysis and Risk-Based Preventative Controls for food for animals. The rules require FDA-registered food facilities to address safety concerns for sourcing, manufacturing and shipping food products through food safety programs and plans, which includes conducting hazard analyses, developing risk-based preventative controls and monitoring, and addressing intentional adulteration, recalls, sanitary transportation and supplier verification. While we are still reviewing the regulation, we may need additional resources to ensure compliance with the new requirements prior to the applicable compliance dates since our distillers grains are used as feed for animals.   

Dependence on One or a Few Major Customers 
  As discussed above, Lincolnway Energy has marketing agreements with certain third parties for the purpose of marketing and distributing its principal products, ethanol and distiller s grain. Currently, Lincolnway Energy does not have the ability to  
  
    18 

market its ethanol and distiller s grains internally should its third party marketers be unable or refuse to market these products at acceptable prices.  However, Lincolnway Energy anticipates that it would be able to secure competitive marketers should it need to replace any of its current marketers for any reason. 
       
  Working Capital 
    
  Lincolnway Energy primarily uses its working capital for purchases of raw materials necessary to operate the ethanol plant, for payments on its credit facilities, for distributions to its members and for capital expenditures to maintain and upgrade the ethanol plant. Lincolnway Energy s primary sources of working capital are income from operations as well as various loan arrangements, including a revolving credit loan and a revolving term loan with Farm Credit Services of America, FLCA and Farm Credit Services of America, PCA. 
    
  Seasonality of Sales 
  Lincolnway Energy experiences some seasonality of demand for its ethanol and distiller s grains. Since ethanol is predominantly blended with conventional gasoline for use in automobiles, ethanol demand tends to shift in relation to gasoline demand. As a result, Lincolnway Energy experiences some seasonality of demand for ethanol in the summer months and during holiday seasons related to increased driving.  
    
  Patents, Trademarks, Licenses, Franchises and Concessions 
  Lincolnway and Lincolnway Energy are common law trademarks and/or service marks of the Company.  Other parties  marks referred to in this report are the property of their respective owners. Lincolnway Energy was granted a perpetual license by ICM, Inc. ( ICM ) to use certain ethanol production technology necessary to operate its plant.  There is no ongoing fee or definitive calendar term for this license. 
  Employees 
    
  As of November 30, 2016, Lincolnway Energy had 43 employees, with 5 open positions. 
    
  Financial Information about Geographic Areas  
    
  All of Lincolnway Energy s operations are domiciled in the United States. All of the products sold to Lincolnway Energy s customers for fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014 were produced in the United States and all of its long-lived assets are domiciled in the United States.  
    
  As discussed above, Lincolnway Energy has engaged third-party professional marketers who decide where to market Lincolnway Energy s ethanol and distiller s grains and the company has no control over the marketing decisions made by its third-party professional marketers. These third-party marketers may decide to sell Lincolnway Energy s products in countries other than the United States. During the past year, exports of ethanol and distiller s grains produced in the United States have increased.  However, despite the increase in such exports and the potential for the sale of Lincolnway Energy s products in the international market, the Company anticipates that its products will still be marketed and sold principally in the domestic market. 
  
    19 

Lincolnway Energy sells its corn oil directly to end users and third party brokers     in the domestic market and its carbon dioxide is sold to Air Products which operates a carbon dioxide liquefaction plant on the Lincolnway Energy property.  
    
  Available Information    
     
  Information about the Company is available on its website at   www.lincolnwayenergy.com     under the  Investors  tab which includes links to the reports the Company has filed with the SEC.  The information found on the Company s website is not part of this or any other report the Company files with or furnishes to the SEC.  
     
  The public may read and copy any materials Lincolnway Energy files with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at   http://www.sec.gov  .  

Item 1A.        Risk Factors. 
    
    You should carefully read and consider the risks and uncertainties below and the other information contained in this report. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones Lincolnway Energy may face. The following risks, together with additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to the Company or that the Company  currently deems immaterial, could impair the Company s  financial condition and results of operation.  
    
  Risks Relating to Lincolnway Energy and Its Business 
    
  Declines In The Price Of Ethanol Would Significantly Reduce The Company s Revenues  .       Although Lincolnway Energy's ethanol plant produces distiller s grains, corn oil and carbon dioxide, ethanol is the primary and material source of revenue for Lincolnway Energy, having generated approximately 78% of Lincolnway Energy's total revenues for each of the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016,  2015 and 2014. The sales prices of ethanol can be volatile as a result of a number of factors such as overall supply and demand, the price of gasoline and corn, levels of government support, and the availability and price of competing products. The Company is  dependent on a favorable spread between the price the Company receives for its ethanol and the price it pays for corn and natural gas.  Any lowering of ethanol prices, especially if it is associated with increases in corn and natural gas prices, may affect the Company s ability to operate profitably.  Lincolnway Energy anticipates the price of ethanol to continue to be volatile during Fiscal 2016  as a result of the net effect of changes in the price of gasoline and corn and increased ethanol supply offset by increased ethanol demand.  Declines in the prices the Company receives for its ethanol will lead to decreased revenues and may result in our inability to operate the ethanol plant profitably for an extended period of time which could decrease the value of the Company s units. 
    
  If ethanol prices decline to the point where it is unprofitable to produce ethanol and remain at that level, Lincolnway Energy could be required to suspend operations until the price increases to the level where it is once again economical or profitable  
  
    20 

to produce and market the ethanol.  Any suspension of operations would have a material adverse effect on Lincolnway Energy's business, results of operations and financial condition.   
    
  Decreasing Oil And Gasoline Prices Resulting In Ethanol Trading At A Premium To Gasoline Could Negatively Impact The Ability To Operate Profitably.    Ethanol has historically traded at a discount to gasoline; however, with the recent decline in gasoline prices, at times ethanol may trade at a premium to gasoline, causing a financial disincentive for discretionary blending of ethanol beyond the rates required to comply with the Renewable Fuel Standard.  Discretionary blending is an important secondary market which is often determined by the price of ethanol versus the price of gasoline.  In periods when discretionary blending is financially unattractive, the demand for ethanol may be reduced.  In recent years, the price of ethanol has been less than the price of gasoline which increased demand for ethanol from fuel blenders.  However, recently, low oil prices have driven down the price of gasoline which has reduced the spread between the price of gasoline and the price of ethanol which could discourage discretionary blending, dampen the export market and result in a downward market adjustment in the price of ethanol.  Any extended period where oil and gasoline prices remain lower than ethanol prices for a significant period of time could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operation and financial condition which could decrease the value of its  units.  
    
  Decreased Prices For Distiller s Grains Could Adversely Affect The Company s Results Of Operations And Its Ability To Operate At A Profit.    Distiller s grains compete with other protein-based animal feed products. The price of distiller s grains may decrease when the prices of competing feed products decrease. The prices of competing animal feed products are based in part on the prices of the commodities from which these products are derived. Downward pressure on commodity prices, such as soybeans, will generally cause the price of competing animal feed products to decline, resulting in downward pressure on the price of distiller s grains. 
    
  Historically, sales prices for distiller s grains have been correlated with prices of corn. However, there have been occasions when the price increase for this co-product has lagged behind increases in corn prices. In addition, the Company s distiller s grains co-product competes with products made from other feedstocks, the cost of which may not have risen as corn prices have risen. Consequently, the price the Company may receive for distiller s grains may not rise as corn prices rise, thereby lowering its cost recovery percentage relative to corn.  
     
  Due to industry increases in U.S. dry mill ethanol production, the production of distiller s grains in the United States has increased dramatically, and this trend may continue. This may cause distiller s grains prices to fall in the United States, unless demand increases or other market sources are found. To date, demand for distiller s grains in the United States has increased roughly in proportion to supply. Lincolnway Energy believes this is because U.S. farmers use distiller s grains as a feedstock, and distiller s grains are slightly less expensive than corn, for which it is a substitute. However, if prices for distiller s grains in the United States fall, it may have an adverse effect on the Company s business and financial condition. 
    
  The Chinese Antidumping and Counterveiling Duty Investigation and Anti-Subsidy Duty May Have a Negative Effect on the Price of and Demand for Distiller s Grains in the U.S. and Negatively Affect Lincolnway Energy s profitability.   China is the world's largest buyer of distiller s grains produced in the United States.  In June 2014, China announced that it would stop issuing import permits for U.S. distiller s grains due to the presence of a genetically modified trait not approved by China for import.  This announcement was followed in July 2014 by a new requirement by China of a certification by the U.S. government that distiller s grains shipments to China are free of the genetically modified trait.  These issues virtually closed the export market  
  
    21 

to China for a portion of 2014. While these issues were eventually resolved and the market to China was successfully reopened in December 2014, a new registration requirement for Chinese importers of distiller s grains began on September 1, 2015.  Additionally, on January 12, 2016, the Chinese government began an antidumping and countervailing duty investigation related to distiller s grains imported from the United States which contributed to a decline in distiller s grains shipped to China. Recently, China issued a preliminary ruling on the anti-dumping investigation imposing an immediate duty on distiller s grains that are produced in the United States. In addition, China implemented an anti-subsidy duty which was implemented as of September 30, 2016. The registration requirement and the imposition of these duties create significant trade barriers which could significantly decrease demand and prices for distillers grains produced in the United States from China. This potential reduction in demand along with lower domestic corn prices could negatively impact our ability to profitably operate the ethanol plant. 
  The Lincolnway Energy Business Is Not Diversified.    The success of the Company depends largely on its ability to profitably operate its ethanol plant. Lincolnway Energy does not have any other lines of business or other sources of revenue if it is unable to operate its ethanol plant and manufacture ethanol, distiller s grains, corn oil and carbon dioxide.  If economic or political factors adversely affect the market for ethanol, distiller s grain, corn oil or carbon dioxide, the Company has no other line of business to fall back on.  Lincolnway Energy s business would also be significantly harmed if the ethanol plant could not operate at full capacity for any extended period of time. 
    
    If The Company s Marketers Fail To Sell All Of The Ethanol And Distiller s Grain Produced By The Plant It Could Negatively Impact Profitability  . Lincolnway Energy relies on its ethanol and distiller s grain marketers to sell all of its principal products. Currently the Company has an agreement with Eco-Energy which markets all of the Company s ethanol and an agreement with Gavilon to market all of the Company s distiller s grain. Nearly all of the Company s revenue is from the sale of its ethanol and distiller grains; representing 95% of the Company s revenues in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016. If the Company s marketers are unable to sell all of the ethanol and distiller's grains produce by the Company, or if they are unable to sell them at prices that allow the Company to operate profitability, the value of the Lincolnway Energy units may be negatively impacted. Although management believes that the Company could secure alternative marketers, if either of the current marketers fail or elects not to renew the marketing agreement with the Company, switching marketers may negatively impact cash flow and the ability of the Company to operate profitably which  could decrease the value of the Company s units. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy May At Times Be Leveraged And Have Debt And Debt Service Requirements.    Lincolnway Energy will have loans outstanding from time to time, and may at times be highly leveraged.      The use of leverage creates risks.  For example, if Lincolnway Energy ever became unable to generate profits and cash flow to service its debt and its ongoing operations and working capital needs, Lincolnway Energy could be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures or any expansion plans, sell assets or operations, obtain additional loans or capital or attempt to restructure its loans and other debt.  Lincolnway Energy also may not be able to renew, extend or replace any existing loans or financing arrangements Lincolnway Energy may have in place from time to time.  If any of those events occur, Lincolnway Energy will need to attempt to obtain additional financing through the sale of additional units or debt in Lincolnway Energy or through additional loans from other lenders, but there is no assurance that any of those steps would be successful. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy must also comply with the various restrictions and covenants that included as part of Lincolnway Energy's credit and loan agreements.  The restrictions and covenants include prohibitions or restrictions on incurring additional debt, granting additional security interests or liens, acquiring additional assets, mergers, the issuance of additional units, and  
  
    22 

making distributions to Lincolnway Energy's members.  The credit and loan agreements also  require Lincolnway Energy to maintain various financial ratios and other similar financial covenants.  Those restrictions and requirements may limit Lincolnway Energy's flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, competition or changes in the ethanol industry and Lincolnway Energy's ability to pursue other perceived business opportunities. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy's loans are secured by liens on all of Lincolnway Energy's assets, and if Lincolnway Energy breaches any of its agreements with its lenders, the lenders will be able to foreclose on Lincolnway Energy's assets. 
    
  Continued Growth In The Ethanol Industry Depends On Use Of Increased Ethanol Blends And Related Expansion Of Infrastructure, Change In Public Views And Regulatory Support, Which May Not Occur On A Timely Basis, If At All.    Most experts believe that for ethanol use to grow significantly over both the near and longer term, there must be increased use of ethanol blends in excess of 10%, such as E15, E20, E30 and, in particular, E85.  Although the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency approved the use of E15 in January 2011, the approval was limited to vehicles manufactured in 2001 or newer and all flex fuel vehicles.  There was also resistance to increasing the percentage from 10% to 15%, and there is strong resistance from some groups to increasing the percentage above 15%.  There are also various areas that need development and expansion in order for there to be any material increase in the use of higher ethanol blends, including E15, such as expanded production of flex fuel vehicles and the expanded use of pumps that can utilize higher ethanol blends, such as blender pumps.  A blender pump allows a driver to fill his or her vehicle with any blend of ethanol from 0% to 85% depending on the type of vehicle they drive.  There will likely need to be government subsidies and support, however, in order to cause service stations to install those types of pumps on a larger scale, and there is currently no material support in Congress for any such support programs.  There will also need to be changes in the public's views and perceptions of ethanol in order for there to be increased use of higher blends of ethanol, as well as regulatory developments at both the federal and state level which allow the use of, and promote the use of, higher ethanol blends and the use of blender pumps and flex fuel vehicles. 
    
  Reports continue to be issued by various groups, however, such as the American Petroleum Institute, the American Fuel   Petrochemical Manufacturers and the National Research Council, that question the use of ethanol and other biofuels, both from an economic and environmental perspective.  Ethanol organizations disagree with, and respond to, most of those types of reports, but the reports continue to cause governmental, regulatory and public perception concerns and issues for the ethanol industry.  
    
  Lincolnway Energy's Results Of Operations, Financial Position And Business Outlook Will Likely Fluctuate Substantially Because Lincolnway Energy's Business Is Highly Dependent On Commodity Prices, Which Are Subject To Significant Volatility And Uncertainty, And On The Availability Of Raw Materials Supplies.    Lincolnway Energy's results of operations  are substantially dependent on commodity prices, especially prices for corn, natural gas, ethanol and unleaded gasoline.  The prices of these commodities are volatile and beyond Lincolnway Energy's control. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy estimates that corn costs will, on the average, make up approximately 77% of Lincolnway Energy's total annual operating costs, but the percentage could be higher or lower dependent on the price of corn and other operating costs from time to time.  Accordingly, rising corn prices could lower profit margins, and, at certain levels, corn prices could make ethanol uneconomical to produce. The supply and price of corn are influenced by many factors, including drought, hail and other adverse weather conditions; insects or disease; farmer planting decisions; imports; government policies and subsidies with respect to agriculture and international trade; and global and local demand and supply.  The price for corn in the market area encompassing  
  
    23 

Lincolnway Energy's ethanol plant could be higher than the corn price payable in other markets.  Lincolnway Energy also competes for corn with the livestock producers and elevators located within Lincolnway Energy's market area. 
    
  There is also uncertainty regarding climate change, and any climate changes could adversely affect corn production in Lincolnway Energy's primary market area or other corn production areas in the United States and elsewhere, and thereby both the supply and price of corn. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy's gross margin depends significantly on the spread between ethanol and corn prices, and in particular the spread (sometimes referred to as the crush spread) between the price of a gallon of ethanol and the price for the amount of corn required to produce a gallon of ethanol.  The price of ethanol and corn fluctuates frequently and widely, however, so any favorable spread between ethanol and corn prices which may exist from time to time cannot be relied upon as indicative of the future.  It is possible for the circumstance to arise where corn costs increase and ethanol prices decrease to the point where Lincolnway Energy could be required to suspend operations.  Any suspension of operations could have a material adverse effect on Lincolnway Energy's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
    
  The supply and cost of other inputs needed by Lincolnway Energy can also vary greatly, such as natural gas, electric and other energy costs.  Lincolnway Energy's ethanol plant currently utilizes natural gas as its primary energy source, and Lincolnway Energy estimates that natural gas costs will, on average, make up approximately 4% of Lincolnway Energy's annual total operating costs.  The prices for and availability of natural gas are subject to numerous market conditions and factors which are beyond Lincolnway Energy's control.  Significant disruptions in the supply of natural gas would impair Lincolnway Energy's ability to produce ethanol, and increases in natural gas prices or changes in Lincolnway Energy's natural gas costs relative to the costs paid by Lincolnway Energy's competitors would adversely affect Lincolnway Energy's competitiveness and results of operation and financial position. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy may attempt to offset a portion of the effects of such fluctuations by entering into forward contracts to supply ethanol and to purchase corn by engaging in hedging and other futures related activities, but those activities also involve substantial risks and may be ineffective to mitigate price fluctuations and may in fact lead to substantial losses. 
    
  Transportation issues and costs can also be a factor in the price for ethanol because ethanol is currently shipped by truck or by rail, and not by pipeline, and because ethanol generally needs to be shipped relatively long distances to a terminal where the ethanol can be blended with gasoline. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy's inability to foresee or accurately predict changes in the supply or prices of ethanol or of corn, natural gas and other inputs will adversely affect Lincolnway Energy's business, results of operation and financial position.  For example, Lincolnway Energy anticipated lower corn prices following the 2012 crop season, but the 2012 drought instead resulted in significantly higher corn prices.  Also, as a result of the volatility of the prices for these commodities, Lincolnway Energy's results fluctuate substantially over time.  Lincolnway Energy may experience periods during which the prices for ethanol and distiller s grains decline and the costs of Lincolnway Energy's raw materials increase, which will result in lower profits or operating losses, which could be material at times, and could adversely affect Lincolnway Energy's financial condition. 

24 

The Use Of The Futures Markets By Lincolnway Energy Could Be Unsuccessful And Result In Substantial Losses.    Lincolnway Energy seeks to minimize the effects of the volatility of natural gas, corn, ethanol, distiller s grains and other prices by entering into forward pricing contracts and taking positions in the futures markets.  The primary intent of those positions is to attempt to protect the supply of, and the price at which Lincolnway Energy can buy natural gas and corn  and the price at which Lincolnway Energy can sell its ethanol or distiller s grains, but not all of the positions may be able to be properly categorized as being for hedging purposes.  Any attempt by Lincolnway Energy to use forward pricing contracts or the futures markets, whether in the form of hedging strategies or for more speculative trading purposes, may be unsuccessful, and in fact could result in substantial losses because commodity price movements and price movements in futures contracts and options are highly volatile and speculative, and are influenced by many factors that are beyond the control of the Company. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy will likely vary the amount of forward pricing, hedging and other risk mitigation strategies Lincolnway Energy may undertake from time to time, and Lincolnway Energy may at times choose not to engage in hedging transactions in the future.    As a result, Lincolnway Energy's results of operations and financial position may be adversely affected by increases in the price of natural gas or corn or decreases in the price of ethanol or unleaded gasoline. 
    
  Futures markets will also sometimes be illiquid, and Lincolnway Energy may not be able to execute a buy or sell order at the desired price, or to close out an open position in a timely manner.  The inability to close out an open position in a timely manner may result in substantial losses to Lincolnway Energy.  Lincolnway Energy's potential losses and liabilities for any futures or options positions are not limited to margin amounts or to the amount held in or the value of Lincolnway Energy's trading account, and in the event of a deficiency in Lincolnway Energy's trading account due to a margin call made to the trading account, a loss exceeding the value of the trading account, or otherwise, Lincolnway Energy will be responsible for the full amount of the deficiency.  Given the volatility of futures trading, margin calls can occur frequently and the amount of a margin call can be significant. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy Competes With Larger, Better Financed Entities, Which Could Negatively Impact The  Ability To Operate Profitably.    There is significant competition among ethanol producers with numerous producers and privately-owned ethanol plants planned and operating throughout the Midwest and elsewhere in the United States.  The Company s business faces a competitive challenge from larger plants, from plants that can produce a wider range of products than the Company can, and from other plants similar to the Lincolnway Energy plant.  Large ethanol producers such as Archer Daniels Midland, Flint Hills Resources LP, Green Plains Renewable Energy, Inc., Valero Renewable Fuels and POET Biorefining, among others, are capable of producing a significantly greater amount of ethanol than the Company produces. Further, many believe that there will be further consolidation occurring in the ethanol industry in the near future which will likely lead to a few companies who control a significant portion of the ethanol production market. The Company may not be able to compete with these larger entities. These larger ethanol producers may be able to affect the ethanol market in ways that are not beneficial to Lincolnway Energy which could affect its financial performance. 
    Increased Ethanol Industry Penetration By Oil Companies  May Adversely Impact the Company s Margins.    The ethanol industry is a highly competitive environment and it is principally comprised of smaller entities that engage exclusively in ethanol production and large integrated grain companies that produce ethanol along with their base grain businesses. The Company has historically always faced competition with other small independent producers as well as larger, better financed producers for capital, labor, corn and other resources. Until recently, oil companies, petrochemical refiners and gasoline retailers have not been engaged in ethanol production to a large extent. These companies, however, form the primary distribution networks for marketing  
  
    25 

ethanol through blended gasoline. During the past few years, several large oil companies have begun to penetrate the ethanol production market. If these companies increase their ethanol plant ownership or other oil companies seek to engage in direct ethanol production, there may be a decrease in the demand for ethanol from smaller independent ethanol producers like Lincolnway Energy which could result in an adverse effect on the Company s operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
    
    Changes And Advances In Ethanol Production Technology Could Require The Company To Incur Costs To Update The Company s Plant Or Could Otherwise Hinder The Ability To Compete In The Ethanol Industry Or Operate Profitably.    Technological advances in the processes and procedures for producing ethanol and in the efficiency of ethanol plants are continually occurring, and further ongoing advances should be expected. Such advances and changes may make the technology installed in the Lincolnway Energy plant less desirable or obsolete.  These advances could also allow competitors to produce ethanol at a lower cost than the Company.  If the Company is unable to adopt or incorporate technological advances, its ethanol production methods and processes could be less efficient than those of its competitors, which could cause the Lincolnway Energy plant to become uncompetitive or completely obsolete.  If competitors develop, obtain or license technology that is superior to the Company s or that makes the Company s technology obsolete, the Company may be required to incur significant costs to enhance or acquire new technology so that its ethanol production remains competitive.  Alternatively, Lincolnway Energy may be required to seek third-party licenses, which could also result in significant expenditures.  The Company cannot guarantee that third-party licenses will be available or, once obtained, will continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all.  These costs could negatively impact the Company s  financial performance by increasing its operating costs and reducing the Company s net income. 
    
    Competition From The Advancement Of Alternative Fuels May Decrease The Demand For Ethanol And Negatively Impact  Profitability  .    Alternative fuels, gasoline oxygenates and ethanol production methods are continually under development.  A number of automotive, industrial and power generation manufacturers are developing alternative clean power systems using fuel cells, hydrogen, electric or solar powered vehicles or clean burning gaseous fuels.  Like ethanol, the emerging fuel cell industry offers a technological option to address increasing worldwide energy costs, the long-term availability of petroleum reserves and environmental concerns.  Fuel cells have emerged as a potential alternative to certain existing power sources because of their higher efficiency, reduced noise and lower emissions.  Fuel cell industry participants are currently targeting the transportation, stationary power and portable power markets in order to lower fuel costs, decrease dependence on crude oil and reduce harmful emissions.  If the fuel cell and hydrogen industries continue to expand and gain broad acceptance, and hydrogen becomes readily available to consumers for motor vehicle use, the Company may not be able to compete effectively.  This additional competition could reduce the demand for ethanol, which would negatively impact the Company s profitability. 
    
    Corn-Based Ethanol May Compete With Cellulose-Based Ethanol In The Future, Which Could Make It More Difficult For The Company To Produce Ethanol On A Cost-Effective Basis.    Most ethanol produced in the U.S. is currently produced from corn and other raw grains, such as milo or sorghum - especially in the Midwest.  The current trend in ethanol production research is to develop an efficient method of producing ethanol from cellulose-based biomass, such as agricultural waste, forest residue, municipal solid waste and energy crops.  This trend is driven by the fact that cellulose-based biomass is generally cheaper than corn, and producing ethanol from cellulose-based biomass would create opportunities to produce ethanol in areas which are unable to grow corn.  The RFS offers a strong incentive to develop commercial scale cellulosic ethanol as the statutory volume requirement in the RFS requires that 16 billion gallons per year of advanced bio-fuels be consumed in the United States by 2022 (although recent actions by the EPA have reduced the statutorily required volume requirements for 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017).  
  
    26 

Additionally, state and federal grants have been awarded to several companies who are seeking to develop commercial-scale cellulosic ethanol plants. As a result, at least three companies have reportedly already begun producing on a commercial scale and a handful of other companies have begun construction on commercial scale cellulosic ethanol plants some of which may be completed in the near future. If an efficient method of producing ethanol from cellulose-based biomass is developed, the Company may not be able to compete effectively.  It may not be practical or cost-effective to convert the Lincolnway Energy plant into a plant which will use cellulose-based biomass to produce ethanol.  If the Company is  unable to produce ethanol as cost-effectively as cellulose-based producers, the Company s ability to generate revenue will be negatively impacted. 
    
  Although Lincolnway Energy believes there will continue to be a place for corn based ethanol production within the ethanol industry, it is possible that at some point in the future governmental and public support of the ethanol industry may be focused primarily upon, and provide significant advantages or benefits to, cellulosic and other developing ethanol technologies, which could have adverse effects on Lincolnway Energy and corn based ethanol production in general.  The requirements for the use of cellulosic and other advanced biofuels in the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 are evidence of the government's support of, and trending to, those types of biofuels.  The public may also eventually support cellulosic and other advanced biofuels because of the perception that those types of biofuels do not have some of the perceived negative effects of corn based ethanol, such as the food versus fuel debate, given that cellulosic and other advanced biofuels are not made from products otherwise used in the food chain and are in some cases produced from waste type products. 
    
    Depending On Commodity Prices, Foreign Producers May Produce Ethanol At A Lower Cost Which May Result In Lower Ethanol Prices Which Would Adversely Affect Financial Results.    The Company faces competition from foreign ethanol producers with Brazil currently the second largest ethanol producer in the world.  Brazil s ethanol production is sugarcane based, as opposed to corn based, and, depending on feedstock prices, may be less expensive to produce. Under RFS2 certain parties are obligated to meet an advanced biofuel standard and sugarcane ethanol imported from Brazil has historically been one of the most economical means for obligated parties to meet this standard.  Other foreign producers may be able to produce ethanol at lower input costs, including costs of feedstock, facilities and personnel, than the Company can.  While foreign demand, transportation costs and infrastructure constraints may temper the market impact throughout the United States, competition from imported ethanol may affect the Company s ability to sell its ethanol profitably, which may have an adverse effect on its operations, cash flows and financial position. 
    
  If significant additional foreign ethanol production capacity is created, such facilities could create excess supplies of ethanol on world markets, which may result in lower prices of ethanol throughout the world, including the United States. Such foreign competition is a risk to the Lincolnway Energy business. Any penetration of ethanol imports into the domestic market may have a material adverse effect on the Company s operations, cash flows and financial position. 
    
  Interruptions In The Supply Of Water, Electricity, Natural Gas Or Other Energy Sources Or Other Interruptions In Production Would Have An Adverse Effect On Lincolnway Energy's Ethanol Plant.    Interruptions in the supply of water, electricity, natural gas or other energy sources at Lincolnway Energy's ethanol plant would have a material adverse impact on operations, and could require Lincolnway Energy to halt production at the ethanol plant.  Interruptions in or the loss of the supply of water, electricity, natural gas or other energy sources could occur, for example, because of software or other computer problems at the ethanol plant or at the plants of the suppliers of the water, electricity,  natural gas or other energy.  Lincolnway Energy's and any suppliers' use of its software and other computer systems will be subject to attack by computer hackers, and to failure or  
  
    27 

interruption through equipment failures, viruses, acts of God and other events beyond the control of Lincolnway Energy or a supplier. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy's operations are also subject to significant interruption if its ethanol plant experiences a major accident or is damaged by severe weather or other natural disasters.  Lincolnway Energy's operations are also subject to labor disruptions and unscheduled down time, and other operational hazards inherent in the ethanol industry, such as equipment failures, fires, explosions, abnormal pressures, blowouts, pipeline ruptures, transportation accidents and natural disasters.  Some of these operational hazards may cause personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to or destruction of property and equipment or environmental damage, and may result in suspension of operations and the imposition of civil or criminal penalties against Lincolnway Energy. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy's business is dependent upon the continuing availability of railroads, railcars, truck fleets and other infrastructure necessary for the production, transportation and use of ethanol.  Any disruptions or interruptions in that infrastructure could have a material adverse effect on Lincolnway Energy. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy may not have insurance covering any of these types of matters or occurrences.  Any insurance Lincolnway Energy may have in place may not be adequate to fully cover the potential losses and hazards, and Lincolnway Energy may not be able to renew the insurance on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
    
  There Are Potential Conflicts Of Interest In The Structure And Operation Of Lincolnway Energy.    Although Lincolnway Energy does not believe any conflict of interest exists which in practice will be detrimental to Lincolnway Energy, potential conflicts of interest do exist in the structure and operation of Lincolnway Energy and its business.  For example, the directors and officers of Lincolnway Energy are not required to devote their full time attention to Lincolnway Energy, and they are all involved in other full time businesses and may provide services to others.  Some of the directors or officers might be owners or otherwise interested in other ethanol plants.  The directors and the officers will experience conflicts of interest in allocating their time and services between Lincolnway Energy and their other businesses and interests. 
    
  The various companies that provide marketing and other services to Lincolnway Energy are also not required to devote their full time attention to those services, and they will very likely be involved in other ethanol plants and ethanol related businesses and possibly other businesses or ventures, including having ownership or other interests in other ethanol plants.  The companies will therefore experience conflicts of interest in allocating their time and services between Lincolnway Energy and their various other ethanol plants or business ventures.  The companies providing ethanol and distiller s grains marketing services to Lincolnway Energy will be providing those same services to other ethanol plants, and may experience conflicts of interest in allocating favorable sales and sales when the supply of ethanol or distiller s grains exceeds the demand. 
    
  Tank Cars Used To Transport Crude Oil And Ethanol May Need To Be Retrofitted Or Replaced To Meet Proposed New Rail Safety Regulations.    The U.S. ethanol industry has long relied on railroads to deliver its product to market. The Company has leased approximately 185 ethanol cars.  These leased cars may need to be retrofitted or replaced to comply with final regulations adopted by the U.S. Department of Transportation, or DOT, to address concerns related to safety are adopted, which could in turn cause a shortage of compliant tank cars.  The proposed regulations call for a phase out within four years of the use of legacy DOT-111 tank cars for transporting highly-flammable liquids, including ethanol.  According to the proposed rule, the DOT expects  
  
    28 

about 66,000 tank cars to be retrofitted and about 23,000 cars to be shifted to transporting other liquids.  The Canadian government also adopted new tank car standards which align with the new DOT standards and requires that its nation s rail shippers use sturdier tank cars for transportation of crude oil and ethanol.  Compliance with these final regulations could require upgrades or replacements of the Company s tank cars and could have an adverse effect on the Company s operations as lease costs for tank cars may increase.  Additionally, existing tank cars could be out of service for a period of time while such upgrades are made, tightening supply in an industry that is highly dependent on such railcars to transport its product. 
  Lincolnway Energy Is Increasingly Dependent On Information Technology; Disruptions, Failures Or Security Breaches Of Its  Information Technology Infrastructure Could Have A Material Adverse Effect On Operations.     Lincolnway Energy utilizes various software applications in connection with its ethanol operation and the Company s software and other information technology is critically important to the Company s business operations.  The Company relies on information technology networks and systems, including the Internet, to process, transmit and store electronic and financial information, to manage a variety of business processes and activities, including production, manufacturing, financial, logistics, sales, marketing and administrative functions. Lincolnway Energy depends on its information technology infrastructure to communicate internally and externally with employees, customers, suppliers and others.  The Company also uses information technology networks and systems to comply with regulatory, legal and tax requirements. These information technology systems, many of which are managed by third parties or used in connection with shared service centers, may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components thereof, power outages, hardware failures, computer viruses, attacks by computer hackers or other cybersecurity risks, telecommunication failures, user errors, natural disasters, terrorist attacks or other catastrophic events. If any of the Company s significant information technology systems suffer severe damage, disruption or shutdown, and the Company s disaster recovery and business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, the Company s product sales, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.  
              In addition, if the Company is unable to prevent physical and electronic break-ins, cyber-attacks and other information security breaches, the Company may encounter significant disruptions in the Company s operations including its production and manufacturing processes, which can cause it to suffer financial and reputational damage, be subject to litigation or incur remediation costs or penalties.  Any such disruption could materially and adversely impact the Company s  reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
  Such breaches may also result in the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information belonging to the Company or to its partners, customers, suppliers or employees which could further harm the Company s reputation or cause it to suffer financial losses or be subject to litigation or other costs or penalties. The mishandling or inappropriate disclosure of non-public sensitive or protected information could lead to the loss of intellectual property, negatively impact planned corporate transactions or damage its reputation and brand image. Misuse, leakage or falsification of legally protected information could also result in a violation of data privacy laws and regulations and have a negative impact on the Company s reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
  Risks Associated With Government Regulation and Subsidization 
    
    The Ethanol Industry Is Highly Dependent On Government Mandates Relating To The Production And Use Of Ethanol And Changes To Such Mandates And Related Regulations Could Adversely Affect The Market For Ethanol And  
  
    29 

The Company s  Results Of Operations  .    The domestic market for ethanol is largely dictated by federal mandates for blending ethanol with gasoline. Future demand for ethanol will be largely dependent upon the economic incentives to blend based upon the relative value of gasoline versus ethanol, taking into consideration the relative octane value of ethanol, environmental requirements and the RFS2 mandate. The RFS2 mandate helps support a market for ethanol that might disappear without this incentive. Annually, the EPA is supposed to pass a rule that establishes the number of gallons of different types of renewable fuels that must be used in the United States which is called the renewable volume obligations. However, the EPA has delayed the adoption of the rule on the 2014, 2015 and 2016 RFS2 standards. On November 30, 2015, the EPA released final rules which lowered the 2014, 2015 and 2016 renewable volume obligations below the statutory volume requirements. In addition, on May 18, 2016, the EPA released a proposed rule to set the renewable volume requirements for 2017 which set the total volume obligation at 18.8 billion gallons of which 14.8 billion gallons could be met by corn-based ethanol.  The final rule for 2017was issued on November 23, 2016 and increased the proposed total volume requirements from 18.8 billion gallons to 19.28 billion gallons.  Although the final 2017 volume requirements are a significant increase over the 2016 volume requirements and the requirements originally proposed in May 2016, the volume requirements are still below the statutory requirements.  However, in connection with the issuance of the Final 2017 Rule, the EPA increased the number of gallons which may be met by corn-based ethanol from 14.8 billion gallons to 15 billion gallons.  This brings the renewable volume obligations for conventional renewable fuels that can be met by corn-based ethanol back to the levels called for in the statutory mandate.  Although this signals a sign of support of the RFS2 by the EPA and a rejection of arguments by the oil industry relating to the "blend wall," there is no guarantee that for future years the EPA will adhere to the statutory mandate for conventional renewable fuels.  Furthermore, there have also been recent proposals in Congress to reduce or eliminate the RFS2. The EPA's reduction of the volume requirements under the RFS2 set forth in the EPA s final rules combined with any further reduction to or elimination of the RFS2 requirements, could materially decrease the market price and demand for ethanol which will negatively impact the Company s financial performance. 

Additionally, under the provisions of the Energy Independent and Security Act, the EPA has the authority to waive the mandated RFS2 requirements in whole or in part. Although the EPA has not granted any waiver, the Company cannot guarantee that if future waiver requests are filed that the EPA will deny such requests.  The Company s operations could be adversely impacted if such a waiver is ever granted and any reversal or waiver in federal policy on the RFS could have a significant impact on the ethanol industry. 
       
  The compliance mechanism for RFS2 is the generation of renewable identification numbers, or RINs, which are generated and attached to renewable fuels such as the ethanol the Company produces and detached when the renewable fuel is blended into the transportation fuel supply. Detached RINs may be retired by obligated parties to demonstrate compliance with RFS2 or may be separately traded in the market. The market price of detached RINs may affect the price of ethanol in certain U.S. markets as obligated parties may factor these costs into their purchasing decisions. Moreover, at certain price levels for various types of RINs, it becomes more economical to import foreign sugar cane ethanol. If changes to RFS2 result in significant changes in the price of various types of RINs, it could negatively affect the price of ethanol, and the Company s operations could be adversely impacted. 
    
  Federal law mandates the use of oxygenated gasoline in the winter in areas that do not meet Clean Air Act standards for carbon monoxide. If these mandates are repealed, the market for domestic ethanol could be significantly reduced. Additionally, flexible-fuel vehicles receive preferential treatment in meeting corporate average fuel economy, or CAFE, standards. However, high blend  
  
    30 

ethanol fuels such as E85 result in lower fuel efficiencies. Absent the CAFE preferences, it may be unlikely that auto manufacturers would build flexible-fuel vehicles. Any change in these CAFE preferences could reduce the growth of E85 markets and result in lower ethanol prices, which could adversely impact the Company s operating results. 
    
  To the extent that such federal or state laws or regulations are modified, the demand for ethanol may be reduced, which could negatively and materially affect the Company s ability to operate profitably. 
    
    The Company Is Subject To Extensive Environmental Regulation And Operational Safety Regulations That Impact Expenses And Could Reduce Profitability.    Ethanol production involves the emission of various airborne pollutants, including particulate matters, carbon monoxide, oxides of nitrogen, volatile organic compounds and sulfur dioxide. The Company is subject to regulations on emissions from the EPA and the IDNR (Iowa Department of Natural Resources). The EPA s and IDNR s environmental regulations are subject to change and often such changes are not favorable to industry.  Consequently, even if the Company has the proper permits now, it may be required to invest or spend considerable resources to comply with future environmental regulations. 
    
  The Company s failure to comply or the need to respond to threatened actions involving environmental laws and regulations may adversely affect the Company s business, operating results or financial condition. The Company must follow procedures for the proper handling, storage, and transportation of finished products and materials used in the production process and for the disposal of waste products.  In addition, state or local requirements also restrict the Company s production and distribution operations. The Company could incur significant costs to comply with applicable laws and regulations.  Changes to current environmental rules for the protection of the environment may require the Company to incur additional expenditures for equipment or processes. 
  Lincolnway Energy is subject to federal and state laws regarding operational safety.  Risks of substantial compliance costs and liabilities are inherent in ethanol production.  Costs and liabilities related to worker safety may be incurred.  Possible future developments-including stricter safety laws for workers or others, regulations and enforcement policies and claims for personal or property damages resulting from the Company s operation could result in substantial costs and liabilities that could reduce the amount of cash that the Company would otherwise have to distribute to members or use to further enhance the Company s business. 
  Lincolnway Energy May Become Subject To Various Environmental And Health And Safety And Property Damage Type Claims And Liabilities.    The nature of Lincolnway Energy's operations will expose it to the risk of environmental and health and safety claims and property damage claims.  For example, if any of Lincolnway Energy's operations are found to have polluted the air or surface water or ground water, such as through an ethanol spill, Lincolnway Energy could become liable for substantial investigation, clean-up and remediation costs, both for its own property and for the property of others that may have been affected by the pollution or spill.  Those types of claims could also be made against Lincolnway Energy based upon the acts or omissions of other persons, including persons transporting or handling ethanol.  Environmental and property damages claims and issues can also arise due to spills, losses or other occurrences arising from events outside of Lincolnway Energy's control and which are possible in Lincolnway Energy's business, such as fire, explosions or blowouts. 
  A serious environmental violation or repeated environmental violation could result in Lincolnway Energy being unable to construct or operate any additional ethanol plants and the loss of defenses to nuisance suits.  Lincolnway Energy may also be  
  
    31 

unable to obtain financing or necessary permits if Lincolnway Energy is subject to any pending administrative or legal action regarding environmental matters. 
    
  Any of those types of events could have a material adverse effect on Lincolnway Energy's financial condition and future prospects. 
    
    Carbon Dioxide May Be Regulated By The EPA In The Future As An Air Pollutant, Requiring The Company To Obtain Additional Permits And Install Additional Environmental Mitigation Equipment, Which May Adversely Affect Financial Performance.        The Company s plant emits carbon dioxide as a by-product of the ethanol production process and the Company sells a portion of its carbon dioxide by-product to Air Products pursuant to a Carbon Dioxide Purchase and Sale Agreement. The United States Supreme Court has classified carbon dioxide as an air pollutant under the Clean Air Act in a case seeking to require the EPA to regulate carbon dioxide in vehicle emissions.  Similar lawsuits have been filed seeking to require the EPA to regulate carbon dioxide emissions from stationary sources such as the Company s ethanol plant under the Clean Air Act.  While there are currently no regulations applicable to the Company concerning carbon dioxide, if Iowa or the federal government, or any appropriate agency, decides to regulate carbon dioxide emissions by plants similar to the Company s ethanol plant, the Company may have to apply for additional permits or may be required to install carbon dioxide mitigation equipment or take other steps unknown to the Company at this time in order to comply with such law or regulation.  Compliance with future regulation of carbon dioxide, if it occurs, could be costly and may prevent the Company from operating the plant  profitably. 
    
  The California Low Carbon Fuel Standard May Decrease Demand For Corn Based Ethanol Which Could Negatively Impact Profitability.   California passed a Low Carbon Fuels Standard ("LCFS") which requires that renewable fuels used in California must accomplish certain reductions in greenhouse gases which reductions are measured using a lifecycle analysis.  Management believes that the California LCFS and other state regulations aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions could impact the price of corn-based ethanol which could have an adverse impact on the market for corn-based ethanol produced in the Midwest. This could result in a reduction of the Company s revenues and negatively impact the Company s ability to profitably operate the ethanol plant. 
    
  There Is Continuing And Growing Negative Press And Public Sentiment Against The Ethanol Industry Which Could Lead To Reduced Governmental And Public Support For The Use Of Ethanol.    There continues to be negative press and public sentiment against the ethanol industry, and the negative press has been growing as of late.  The negative press and claims include that the use of corn to produce ethanol drives up grain prices, which hurts livestock farmers and also consumers due to increased food prices.  The widespread drought that occurred during 2012 affected corn supplies and prices, and is one factor pointed to by those arguing the "food versus fuel" position.  The claims also include environmental based allegations, including that increased corn acreage and ethanol production strain water supplies and worsen pollution in rivers and streams.  The criticisms also include that ethanol production is leading to land use changes, including the clearing of rain forests, prairies and other native lands for purposes of growing corn or other crops to be used for the production of ethanol or to replace land which is now used to produce crops for ethanol, which also in turn releases carbon into the atmosphere that has been stored in the soil and otherwise has negative environmental impacts, such as erosion and other land stewardship issues.  The criticisms also include that ethanol, in particular at levels of 15% of higher, damages or is otherwise harmful to engines.  The continuing and growing criticism has come from, among others, environmental groups, the National Academy of Sciences, the American Lung Association, the AAA (the auto club) and the United Nations. 
  
    32 

The negative press and public sentiment is also developing towards the "next generation" biofuels that are a significant component of achieving the use mandates in the renewable fuels standards.  Those biofuels are those made from nonfeed stocks/cellulose, such as corn stalks, wheat straw, grasses and trees.  Some organizations, including the National Resource Council, have issued reports critical of those biofuels, including that those biofuels are not economical without heavy government subsidies and will not have any positive overall environmental effect, and may have negative environmental results. 
    
  If Exports To Europe Are Decreased Due To The Imposition By The European Union Of A Tariff On U.S. Ethanol, Ethanol Prices May Be Negatively Impacted.    The European Union imposed a tariff on ethanol which is produced in the United States and exported to Europe.  If exports of ethanol to Europe decrease as a result, it could negatively impact the market price of ethanol in the United States.  Any decrease in ethanol prices or demand may negatively impact the Company s ability to profitably operate the ethanol plant. 

Additional Iranian Oil May Enter the Market and Negatively Impact Gasoline and Ethanol Prices  . Recently, the United States government lifted sanctions on Iran which previously prevented Iranian oil from being imported into the United States. Further, many other nations had similar bans on Iranian oil which prevented Iran from exporting a significant amount of oil into the world market. However, as a result of the lifting of sanctions, additional Iranian oil may be introduced into the world market which could result in lower oil prices. These Iranian oil exports may come at a time when oil prices are very low and world supplies of oil are high. The lower priced oil has resulted in lower priced gasoline, which has negatively impacted ethanol prices and demand. If these lower gasoline prices continue, it could negatively impact our ability to profitably operate the ethanol plant. 
    
  Risks Relating To Lincolnway Energy's Units. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy's Units Are Not A Liquid Investment.    No market exists for Lincolnway Energy's units.  A market will not develop for the units because the units are not freely transferable and can only be sold, assigned or otherwise transferred in compliance with the federal and applicable state securities laws and the terms and conditions of the second amended and restated operating agreement and unit assignment policy of Lincolnway Energy, which require the prior approval of the board for all sales and assignments of any units.  The restrictions set out in the securities laws, the second amended and restated operating agreement and the unit assignment policy may at times preclude the transfer of a unit.  The units are therefore not a liquid investment. 
    
  There Is No Guarantee Of Any Distributions From Lincolnway Energy.    Lincolnway Energy is not required to make any distributions to its members.  Lincolnway Energy could also be prohibited, or at least limited or restricted, from making any distributions under the terms of Lincolnway Energy's credit and loan agreements.  Lincolnway Energy's financial situation may also not allow it to make any distributions to its members in any event.  The payment of distributions will also always be at the discretion of the board of Lincolnway Energy and will depend on, among other things, the board's analysis of Lincolnway Energy's earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, level of indebtedness, statutory and contractual restrictions regarding the payment of distributions and any other considerations that the board deems relevant.  There is therefore no assurance of regular distributions, or any distributions at all, to Lincolnway Energy's members. 

33 

The Staggered Terms Of Lincolnway Energy's Board May Delay Or Prevent Lincolnway Energy's Acquisition By A Third Party.    Lincolnway Energy's second amended and restated operating agreement provides for three classes of directors, based upon the term of office, with each director holding a three year term.  Some view that type of provision as making more difficult, or as deterring, a merger, tender offer or acquisition involving Lincolnway Energy that might result in the members receiving a premium for their units. 
    
  Members Will Owe Taxes On Lincolnway Energy's Profits But May Never Receive Any Distributions From Lincolnway Energy.    Lincolnway Energy is not required to make any distributions, and it is possible that no distributions will be made by Lincolnway Energy, even if Lincolnway Energy has profits. Any Lincolnway Energy profits will be taxable to its members in accordance with the members' respective percentage ownership of the units, whether or not the profits have been distributed.  Even if distributions are made, the distributions may not equal the taxes payable by a member on the member's share of Lincolnway Energy's profits.  Lincolnway Energy could also sustain losses offsetting the profits of a prior tax period, so a member might never receive a distribution or be able to sell the member's units for an amount equal to the taxes which have already been paid by the member. 

Item 2.    Properties. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy's office and its ethanol plant are located on approximately 64 acres in Nevada, Iowa.  Lincolnway Energy owns the real estate and its office and ethanol plant, but all of those properties are subject to mortgages and security interests held by Lincolnway Energy's lenders. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy's office building has approximately 1,400 square feet.  Lincolnway Energy utilizes the office building for office space for Lincolnway Energy's management and other staff.  Lincolnway Energy was utilizing approximately 95% of the available office space as of the date of this annual report, with the remaining  5% being available to accommodate any expansion of Lincolnway Energy's staff.  The office building also includes grain receiving facilities. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy also owns approximately 147 acres of real estate which is adjacent to the 64 acre parcel noted above.  Approximately 54 acres of this real estate was used to construct additional railroad spur tracks. The remaining 93 acres are available for future development, but Lincolnway Energy does not, currently, have any definite plans for the use of that real estate in Lincolnway Energy's ethanol operations, and most of the real estate will likely be custom farmed during Fiscal 2017. 
    
  DuPont Danisco Cellulosic Ethanol, LLC ("  DDCE  ") purchased approximately 59.05 acres of real estate from Lincolnway Energy in October, 2011. The real estate is located to the southwest of the real estate on which Lincolnway Energy's ethanol plant is located. DDCE constructed a cellulosic ethanol plant on the real estate.  Lincolnway Energy and DDCE entered into a Load Out Services Agreement in October 2011.  The Load Out Services Agreement provides, in general, that DDCE will construct an aboveground pipeline from DDCE's plant to a holding tank on Lincolnway Energy's property, and that Lincolnway Energy will load out DDCE's product at Lincolnway Energy's rail or truck facilities.  The Load Out Services Agreement sets forth the various fees and other amounts that DDCE will pay to Lincolnway Energy for those services, as well as allocating various  
  
    34 

costs and expenses between Lincolnway Energy and DDCE.  The Load Out Services Agreement provides that if it is terminated, then Lincolnway Energy will grant DDCE an easement for the purpose of DDCE constructing its own rail tracks, and that Lincolnway Energy and DDCE will also at that time enter into a track usage agreement that will address how Lincolnway Energy and DDCE will jointly use certain tracks of Lincolnway Energy and other related matters.    Lincolnway Energy has completed the construction of the tank and awaits for DDCE to begin production. 

Item 3.    Legal Proceedings. 
    
  Except as noted in the following paragraphs, as of the date of this annual report, Lincolnway Energy was not aware of any material pending legal proceeding to which Lincolnway Energy was a party or of which any of Lincolnway Energy's property was the subject, other than ordinary routine litigation, if any, that was incidental to Lincolnway Energy's business. As of the date of this annual report, Lincolnway Energy was not aware that any governmental authority was contemplating any material proceeding against Lincolnway Energy or any of Lincolnway Energy's property. 
    
  On May 3, 2010, Lincolnway Energy was sued by GS CleanTech Corporation ("CleanTech"), a wholly owned subsidiary of GS (Green Shift) CleanTech Corporation.  The lawsuit involves claims by CleanTech that it owns proprietary rights related to methods for the separation of corn oil from the by-product stream of the dry mill ethanol manufacturing process, and post-oil removal processing methods. The lawsuit was initially filed in United Stated District Court for the Northern District of Iowa as Case No. 5:10-cv-04036, and alleged infringement of United States Patent No. 7,601,858.  Additional patents were subsequently asserted by CleanTech against Lincolnway Energy. 
    
  Shortly after the case was filed, CleanTech petitioned the Multi-District Litigation Panel of the Federal Judiciary (the "MDL Panel"), and was successful in having Lincolnway Energy's case as well as numerous other cases moved to the United States District Court for the Southern District of Indiana for all pretrial activity.  The Multi-District Litigation ("MDL") proceeding is captioned:  In re: Method of Processing Ethanol Byproducts and Related Subsystems Patent Litigation, and has been assigned the following case number by the Court:  Master Case No.: 1:10-ml-2181-LJM-DML. The Order by the MDL Panel operated to join multiple defendants from differing actions into the consolidated MDL proceeding.  Lincolnway Energy has joined with these defendants, consisting of a number of other ethanol manufacturers as well as ethanol process equipment manufacturers, in defending the claims asserted by CleanTech. 
    
  The MDL defendants collectively filed Motions for Summary Judgment asserting that each did not infringe the patents-at-issue and, further, that said patents are invalid.  On November 13, 2014, the U.S. District Court released its Ruling   Order on Summary Judgment.  The Court held that Lincolnway Energy did not infringe the patents-at-issue and further ruled that said patents are invalid and, thus, unenforceable against Lincolnway Energy.  The Court also denied CleanTech's Motion for Summary Judgment of Infringement and Enforceability against Lincolnway Energy.     

In September 2016, the Court issued an opinion rendering the CleanTech patents unenforceable due to inequitable conduct.  This ruling is in addition to the prior favorable court decisions on non-infringement.   Currently various post-trial briefs  
  
    35 

and other proceedings are ongoing.  The time for CleanTech to appeal hasn t expired due to the nature of post-trial briefing and proceedings.  It is expected that CleanTech will pursue appeals on all matters decided adversely to them.  
    
  Lincolnway Energy was successful on the Motion For Summary Judgment as noted above, but given CleanTech's stated intention to appeal, Lincolnway Energy is unable as of the date of this annual report to determine the ultimate likelihood of an unfavorable outcome or the amount or range of possible loss or whether the lawsuit will have a material adverse effect on Lincolnway Energy.  The lawsuit has, however, increased Lincolnway Energy's legal costs. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
    
  Not applicable. 

PART II 

Item 5. 
    Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
       
  Lincolnway Energy is authorized to issue an unlimited number of units, but member approval is required in order to issue more than 90,000 units.  Lincolnway Energy had 42,049 outstanding units as of November 30, 2016, which were held of record by 952 different members. The determination of the number of members is based upon the number of record holders of the units as reflected in Lincolnway Energy's internal unit records. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy's units are not listed on any exchange, and there is no public trading market for Lincolnway Energy's units.  However, the Company does provide access to a qualified matching service for its members, which provides a system for limited transfers of the Company s units.   
  The second amended and restated operating agreement of Lincolnway Energy provides that no member shall, directly or indirectly, own, hold or control more than 49% of the outstanding units at any time, unless the member exceeds that percentage by reason of Lincolnway Energy purchasing units.   
    
  The second amended and restated operating agreement of Lincolnway Energy establishes restrictions on the sale, assignment or other transfer of units.  The second amended and restated operating agreement provides that a member may not sell, transfer, assign or otherwise dispose of or convey any units, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, or grant a security interest in any units, except in compliance with the second amended and restated operating agreement.  All transfers require the prior written approval of the board of Lincolnway Energy and compliance with the policies and procedures adopted from time to time by the board.  The board is authorized to adopt and implement those policies and procedures for any reasonable purpose, as determined by the board.  The policies and procedures adopted by the board regarding the assignment of units are referred to as the unit assignment policy.   

36 

There have been some sales of units pursuant to Lincolnway Energy's qualified matching service.  The purchase price and other terms of any transactions pursuant to Lincolnway Energy's qualified matching service are negotiated and established solely by the seller and the buyer.  Lincolnway Energy does not endorse or recommend any sale of units and is not responsible for the fairness of the purchase price paid in any transactions made pursuant to the qualified matching service, or for the payment or other terms of any transaction.  Lincolnway Energy therefore does not represent or guarantee in any way that any of the prices paid pursuant to the qualified matching service are fair or accurately reflect the value of Lincolnway Energy's units, and Lincolnway Energy does not endorse or recommend any sales of units at any of the prices listed by a member in the qualified matching service or on the same or similar terms. 
    
  The payment of distributions to members by Lincolnway Energy is within the discretion of the Board of Lincolnway Energy, and there is no assurance of any distributions from Lincolnway Energy.  The payment of distributions is also subject to Lincolnway Energy's compliance with the various covenants and requirements of Lincolnway Energy's credit and loan agreements, and it is possible that those covenants and requirements will at times prevent Lincolnway Energy from paying a distribution to its members. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy made one distribution to its members during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016.  The Company declared a distribution on September 1, 2016 in the amount of $45 per unit, resulting in an aggregate distribution of $1,892,205.  Lincolnway Energy made two distributions to its members during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015.  The Company declared a distribution on December 8, 2014 in the amount of $325 per unit, resulting in an aggregate distribution of $13,665,925 and a distribution on September 18, 2015 in the amount of $100 per unit, resulting in an aggregate distribution of $4,204,900. 

Performance Graph 
    
  The following graph shows a comparison of cumulative total member return since September 30, 2011, calculated on a dividend reinvested basis, for the Company, the NASDAQ Composite Index (the    NASDAQ   ), an index of other companies that have the same SIC code as the Company (the    Industry Index   ) and companies that comprised the Lincolnway Energy 2015 peer group index   1    (the    Peer Index   ). The graph assumes $100 was invested in each of our units, the NASDAQ, the Industry Index and the 2015 Peer Index on September 30, 2011. Data points on the graph are annual. Note that historic unit price performance is not necessarily indicative of future unit price performance.  

37 

1     
    Lincolnway Energy has historically included the cumulative total return of both an SIC Code industry index and a peer group index in its performance graph in addition to the NASDAQ Market Index despite the fact that applicable SEC regulations only require inclusion of a broad based equity market index (the NASDAQ Market Index) and   either   an industry index   or   a peer group index.  The Company has elected not to continue with a peer group index based on the fact that suitable peer group companies are limited and/or do not have readily available trading information.  As a result, for this transition year, the peer group index included in the performance graph above is based on the companies which comprised Licolnway Energy s 2015 peer group.  Future performance graphs for Lincolnway Energy will only include a comparison of the cumulative total return of the Company, the NASDAQ Market Index and the SIC Code industry index.   

Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the performance graph and the information set forth therein shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. 

Item 6.    Selected Financial Data. 
    
  The following information is summary selected financial data for Lincolnway Energy for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012 with respect to statements of operations data and balance sheet data.  The data is qualified by, and must be read in conjunction with, Item 1A of this annual report, "Risk Factors", Item 7 of this annual report, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations", and with the financial statements and supplementary data included in Item 8 of this annual report.  

38 

Item 7.    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
  Except for the historical information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, and which speak only as of the date of this annual report.  No one should place strong or undue reliance on any forward looking statements.  Lincolnway Energy's actual results or actions may differ materially from these forward-looking statements for many reasons, including the risks described in Item 1A and elsewhere in this annual report.  This Item should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes and with the understanding that Lincolnway Energy's actual future results may be materially different from what is currently expected or projected by Lincolnway Energy. 
    
  Overview 
    
  Lincolnway Energy is an Iowa limited liability company that operated as a dry mill, coal fired ethanol plant located in Nevada, Iowa.  In November of 2014, Lincolnway Energy converted from coal to natural gas as its primary energy source.  Lincolnway Energy has been processing corn into fuel grade ethanol and distiller s grains since May 22, 2006.  Lincolnway Energy's plant also produces corn oil and carbon dioxide. 
    
  The ethanol plant has a nameplate production capacity of 50,000,000 gallons, which, at that capacity, would also generate approximately 136,000 tons of distiller s' grains per year.  The ethanol plant produced 57,025,335 gallons of ethanol and  
  
    39 

156,557 tons of distiller s' grains during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016.  Lincolnway Energy had planned shut downs during the months of  October 2015 and April 2016 to complete routine maintenance work. 

Comparison of Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 

Net loss was approximately $1.6 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, which was a 162% decrease when compared to net income for the 2015 fiscal year.  The decrease in net income resulting in a net loss for fiscal year 2016 resulted from various market factors, including, without limitation, the existence of surplus ethanol stocks, decreased ethanol prices and decreased prices for distiller's grains.  
    
  Revenues from operations for the fiscal year ended September 30,   2016   were approximately   $101.1 million  , consisting of   $78.6 million   of ethanol sales (net of hedging activity), or   77.7%   of revenues,   $17.2 million   in distiller's grains sales, or   17.0%   of revenues, and $5.3 million of corn oil, syrup,CO2 and other sales, or 4.0% of revenues.  Revenues decreased in fiscal year   2016   by approximately   12.8%  , when compared to the fiscal year   2015  . The decrease in revenues for the fiscal year ended September 30,   2016   resulted principally from decreased production due to running at lower rates to deal with infections, a 8.6% decrease in the average price for ethanol and a 11.4% decrease in average price per distiller's grains tons as compared to the previous fiscal year.    The drop in ethanol prices was due in part to higher national ethanol stocks resulting from increased ethanol production during fiscal years ended September 30, 2015 and 2016 which production levels outpaced domestic consumption and export demand.  In addition, because ethanol prices typically correlate to changes in corn and energy prices, lower corn, crude oil and gasoline prices throughout the fiscal year had a negative effect on ethanol prices.  
    
   Management believes the decrease in the price for distiller's grains resulted from lower corn prices and lower domestic and export demand, principally relating to the decreased demand from China, and lower corn prices.  Management cannot anticipate whether demand from China will increase in the upcoming fiscal years and distiller s grains prices could remain low unless additional demand can be created from other foreign markets or domestically. If corn prices decline and end-users switch to lower priced alternatives, domestic demand for distiller s grains could also remain low.  
    
  Corn oil revenue increased 48.0% in fiscal year 2016 or $1.1 million when compared to fiscal year 2015.  The increase is due to higher sales volumes after the implementation of several process improvements.  
  
    40 

Lincolnway Energy's cost of goods sold for the fiscal year ended September 30,   2016   totaled approximately   $99.3 million  , which was a decrease of   9.9%   when compared to fiscal year   2015  .  The decrease in cost of goods sold for the   2016   fiscal year is primarily due to decreases in corn costs, energy and depreciation.  Cost of goods sold major components consists of corn costs, energy costs, ingredient costs, production labor, repairs and maintenance, process equipment depreciation, and ethanol and distiller's grain freight expense and marketing fees. 
    
  Corn costs including hedging activity for the fiscal year ended September 30,   2016   totaled approximately   $69.3 million   compared to   $77.4 million   for fiscal year   2015  .  There were 749,943 less bushels ground due to a decrease in ethanol production during fiscal year   2016   while the average cost of corn per bushel decreased 4.4%. The decrease in corn price is partially attributed to  good growing conditions and substantial yields in 2016.  Corn hedging activity for fiscal year 2016 includes a combined unrealized and realized net gain of   $2.6 million   from derivative instruments compared to a   $1.5 million   combined unrealized and realized net gain for fiscal year   2015  .  Corn costs, including the combined unrealized and realized net gain from derivative instruments, represented 69.7% of cost of goods sold for the fiscal year ended September 30,   2016  , compared to 70.2% of costs of goods sold for fiscal year   2015  . 
    
  During most of fiscal year 2016, corn prices trended lower as a result of the abundant 2015 harvest and an increase in national corn stocks.  However, during the last quarter of fiscal year 2016, corn prices became more volatile and fluctuated throughout as a result of concerns over the 2016 crop due to various factors. Weather, world supply and demand, current and anticipated stocks, agricultural policy and other factors can contribute to volatility in corn prices. If corn prices rise, it will have a negative effect on our operating margins unless the price of ethanol and distillers grains out paces rising corn prices. Volatility in the price of corn could significantly impact our cost of goods sold.  
    
  Energy costs for the fiscal year ended September 30,   2016   totaled approximately $8.7 million , or 8.8% of cost of goods sold, compared to $9.9 million or 9.0% of cost of goods sold, for the   2015   fiscal year.  Energy costs consist of coal costs, natural gas and electricity costs.  Lincolnway Energy switched from a coal to a natural gas boiler as its primary energy source in November of 2014.  The capital investment in the Company's natural gas boiler has provided efficiencies in the Company's production process and a reduction in downtime. For fiscal year   2016  , Lincolnway Energy purchased 1,699,182 MMBTUs of natural gas at an average price of $3.39.  In comparison, fiscal year 2015 used 1,661,020 MMBTUs of energy with one month of coal and 11 months of natural gas use at an average price of  $4.39.  Fiscal year 2016 had four more days of production when compared to fiscal year 2015.    Electricity costs amounted to approximately $3.0 million, an increase of $.37 million from fiscal year   2015  . The increase in electricity is due to more production days and additional electricity used to run capital equipment installed to improve production. 
    
  Ingredient costs for the fiscal year ended September 30,   2016   totaled approximately   $6.1 million  , or 6.1% of cost of goods sold, essentially flat with    $6.1 million  , or 5.6% of cost of goods sold, for the   2015   fiscal year.  Ingredient costs consist of denaturant, enzymes, fermentation and process chemicals.  
    
  Production labor, repairs and maintenance and other plant costs totaled approximately   $6.7 million  , or 6.8% of cost of goods sold, for the fiscal year ended September 30,   2016  , compared to   $6.2 million  , or 5.6% of cost of goods sold, for fiscal year   2015  . The increase is due to higher maintenance and repair costs on equipment that is getting older.  The Company has also increased its focus on preventative maintenance to maximize production days and increase efficiency.  
  
    41 

Depreciation totaled approximately $5.1 million, or 5.1% of cost of goods sold, for the fiscal year ended September 30,   2016  , compared to   $7.2 million  , or 6.5% of cost of goods sold, for fiscal year   2015  .  The decreased in depreciation resulted from the fact that the plant reached it's 10-year useful life and a majority of the original assets are now fully depreciated. 
    
  Ethanol, distiller's grain and corn oil freight expense and marketing fees totaled approximately $3.4 million, or 3.4% of cost of goods sold, during the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to $3.3 million, or 3.0% of cost of goods sold, for fiscal year   2015  .  The increase is due to repairs done on ethanol railcars during a required 10-year inspection and increased repair and maintenance cost associated with aging equipment. 
    
  General and administrative expenses totaled approximately   $3.4 million   during the fiscal year ended September 30,   2016  , compared to   $3.0 million   for fiscal year   2015  .  The $.4 million increase is due to a loss on the disposition of the coal combustor offset by no employee bonuses in fiscal year 2016. 

Comparison of Fiscal Years Ended September 30,   2015   and   2014    

Net income was approximately $2.7 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015, which was a 85.3% decrease when compared to 2014 fiscal year.  2014 was an exceptional year.  The strong margins and ethanol prices in 2014 contributed to higher production levels throughout the industry in 2015.  The surplus ethanol stocks dropped ethanol prices and weakened ethanol margins resulting in lower net income.  
    
  Revenues from operations for the fiscal year ended September 30,   2015   were approximately   $115.9 million  , consisting of   $90.3 million   of ethanol sales (net of hedging activity), or   77.9%   of revenues,   $21.8 million   in distiller's grains sales, or   18.8%   of revenues, and   $3.8 million   of corn oil, syrup and CO2 sales, or   3.3%   of revenues.  Revenues decreased in fiscal year   2015   by approximately   21.3%  , when compared to the fiscal year   2014  . The decrease in revenues for the fiscal year ended September 30,   2015   resulted from a 25.6% decrease in average price for ethanol and a 27.9% decrease in average price per distiller's grains tons as compared to the previous fiscal year partially offset by a 5.6% increase in ethanol sales volume and a 2.3% increase in distiller's grains sale volume.    The decrease in ethanol prices was due to surplus ethanol production during fiscal year ended September 30, 2015.  Management believes the decrease in the price for distiller's grains is a result of lower corn prices, the value of the U.S. dollar and the reduced demand for these grains in China.  
  
    42 

Lincolnway Energy's cost of goods sold for the fiscal year ended September 30,   2015   totaled approximately   $110.3 million  , which was a decrease of   12.1%   when compared to fiscal year   2014  .  The decrease in cost of goods sold for the   2015   fiscal year is primarily due to a 17.3% decrease in the average cost of corn per bushel compared to fiscal year   2014  .  Cost of goods sold major components are: corn costs, energy costs, ingredient costs, production labor, repairs and maintenance, process equipment depreciation, and ethanol and distiller's grain freight expense and marketing fees. 
    
  Corn costs including hedging activity for the fiscal year ended September 30,   2015   totaled approximately   $77.4 million  , compared to   $88.4 million   for fiscal year   2014  .  There were 707,000 more bushels ground due to an increase in production during fiscal year   2015   while the average cost of corn per bushel decreased 17.3%. The decrease in corn price is partially attributed to a surplus crop in 2014, good growing conditions and yields for 2015.  Corn hedging activity for fiscal year 2015 includes a combined unrealized and realized net gain of   $1.5 million   from derivative instruments compared to a   $3.0 million   combined unrealized and realized net gain for fiscal year   2014  .  Corn costs, including the combined unrealized and realized net loss from derivative instruments, represented 70.2% of cost of goods sold for the fiscal year ended September 30,   2015  , compared to 70.3% of costs of goods sold for fiscal year   2014  . 
    
  Lincolnway Energy anticipates less volatility in Lincolnway Energy's corn costs due to increased U.S. and world stocks and production of feed grains related to demand. 
    
  Energy costs for the fiscal year ended September 30,   2015   totaled approximately $9.9 million , or 9.0% of cost of goods sold, compared to   $10.7 million  , or   8.6%   of cost of goods sold, for the   2014   fiscal year.  Energy costs consist of coal costs, natural gas and electricity costs.  Lincolnway Energy switched from a coal to a natural gas boiler as its primary energy source in November of 2014.  The capital investment in the Company's natural gas boiler has provided efficiencies in the Company's production process and a reduction in downtime. For fiscal year   2015  , Lincolnway Energy purchased 1,661,020 MMBTUs of energy with one month of coal and 11 months of natural gas use at an average price of $4.39.  In comparison, fiscal year 2014 used 1,717,675 MMBTUs of coal energy at an average price of $4.63.  Fiscal year 2015 had 7 more days of production when compared to fiscal year 2014.    Electricity costs amounted to approximately $2.6 million, a decrease of $.02 million from fiscal year   2014  . The decrease in electricity is also due to the installation of the natural gas boiler and no longer using electricity to run the coal handling system and large motors and fans. 
    
  Ingredient costs for the fiscal year ended September 30,   2015   totaled approximately   $6.1 million  , or 5.5% of cost of goods sold, compared to   $7.5 million  , or 6.0% of cost of goods sold, for the   2014   fiscal year.  Ingredient costs consist of denaturant, enzymes, fermentation and process chemicals. The decrease in ingredient costs is primarily due to a decrease in the price for denaturant, anhydrous and enzymes.  The usage of anhydrous has decreased with the elimination of coal use in the plant. 
    
  Production labor, repairs and maintenance and other plant costs totaled approximately   $6.2 million  , or 5.3% of cost of goods sold, for the fiscal year ended September 30,   2015  , compared to   $5.8 million  , or 4.6% of cost of goods sold, for fiscal year   2014  . The increase is due to the addition of production and engineering positions related to the improvements in the production process and capital projects.  

43 

Depreciation totaled approximately $7.1 million, or 6.4% of cost of goods sold, for the fiscal year ended September 30,   2015  , compared to   $6.9 million  , or 5.6% of cost of goods sold, for fiscal year   2014  . 
    
  Ethanol, distiller's grain and corn oil freight expense and marketing fees totaled approximately $3.3 million, or 3.0% of cost of goods sold, during the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015  , compared to $5.9 million, or 4.7% of cost of goods sold, for fiscal year   2014  .  The decrease is due to Lincolnway Energy's change in distiller's grain marketers on January 1, 2014.  The new distiller's grain marketer sells all of the distiller's grain tons at a  FOB price.  No expenses for freight are passed on to Lincolnway Energy with the new marketer. 
    
  General and administrative expenses totaled approximately   $3.0 million   during the fiscal year ended September 30,   2015  , compared to   $3.8 million   for fiscal year   2014  .  The $.8 million decrease is due to lower employee bonuses and the elimination of an accounting position. 

Risks, Trends and Factors that May Affect Future Operating Results 
    
  The operations and profitability of Lincolnway Energy are highly dependent on the prices of the key commodities utilized and sold as part of the ethanol production process.  These include corn, ethanol, and distillers' grain.  Since the correlation of prices between these commodities is not perfect, and is in fact often very volatile, Lincolnway Energy is at risk of diminishing returns in periods of rising corn prices and decreasing ethanol prices.  The prices of these commodities are determined by a variety of factors, including growing season weather, governmental policies, political change, international trade, and macroeconomic trends.  Lincolnway Energy attempts to mitigate or hedge some of these risks through the use of various pricing mechanisms including cash contracts, futures contracts, options on futures, and derivative instruments. 
    
  Corn 
  In fiscal year 2016, corn values continued the ongoing 4-year bear market that commenced after the drought of 2012.  Prices were generally defensive as generous rains in virtually all growing areas suggested another record yield, or close to it.  The favorable weather brought forth steady country corn selling and cash basis was relatively subdued and benign until the end of the growing season.  The one exception was a very brief $.85 per bushel rally in early summer caused by fears of lack of rains and excessive temperatures  in the eastern United States.  But as rainfall improved and temperatures moderated throughout the corn belt in July, prices retreated just as rapidly.  Futures prices and basis remained narrowly range bound thereafter and with  a forecast for a plentiful harvest, farm movement was steady right into harvest.  With a yield reported by USDA at 175 bushels per acre, Lincolnway Energy is expecting another record yield year with a projected total supply in excess of 17 billion bushels. The USDA  
  
    44 

currently forecasts 2.4  billion bushels, or 16.4%, of usage and management expects relatively stable corn futures and basis for the first half of 2017. However, because national corn acreage reductions are a distinct possibility after 4 years of low prices and given a more favorable soybean versus corn price ratio favorable weather conditions in 2017 are necessary in order to achieve the expected stability. 
    
  Ethanol 
  As the 2016 calendar year ends, the high margins of 2014 have continued to drive a record pace of ethanol production and a stable but historically modest margin environment in the ethanol industry. Ethanol stocks have stabilized at comfortable levels, voluminous corn supplies are assured and the industry has proven its ability to run consistently at record rates.  Imports from Brazil have moderated.  Exports have been a very bright spot as low ethanol prices have overcome much lower crude oil and gasoline prices.  Foreign demand has improved with substantial exports to Canada, China and Brazil.  The octane enhancing qualities of ethanol blends are being recognized overseas.  Just as importantly, competition for foreign demand from Brazil has been very restrained due to the bull market in sugar, diverting Brazilian production away from ethanol. 
    
            The forward environment for the U.S. ethanol industry is very much in question as the Company enters 2017.  Organic capacity growth, the reopening of virtually all shuttered ethanol production capacity and large feedstock supplies ensure record production.  If corn and gasoline prices remain low or further decrease, this could have a  significantly  negative impact on the market price of ethanol and the Company s profitability especially if domestic ethanol stocks continue to grow.  A decline in U.S. exports due to the premium of the price of ethanol as compared to unleaded gasoline, the imposition of a new tax by Brazil on ethanol imported to that country or other factors may contribute to higher domestic ethanol stocks unless additional demand can be created from other foreign markets or domestically.   In addition, the reduction of the renewable volume obligations compared to the statutory mandates adopted by the EPA for the years 2014 through 2017, combined with the potential for further reductions to the statutory mandates in future years, may further decrease demand for ethanol and could negatively impact ethanol prices.  
    
  In contrast, the ongoing lower gas prices have increased demand in the domestic market.  Gasoline demand has expanded significantly in recent months with the second year of the 35% reduction in pump prices.  With 93% of U.S. ethanol production consumed domestically, if domestic demand remains on its 2-3% annual growth track for another year, the industry may be able to return to a stronger margin environment.  The stronger U.S. economy is also an important factor in the expansion of miles driven.  Management expects a subdued first quarter of fiscal 2017, and a steady environment moving through fiscal 2017 as industry capacity expansion appears to be even with demand growth. 

45 

Other/Regulatory/Governmental 
    
  The ethanol industry is dependent on several economic incentives to produce ethanol, including ethanol use mandates, with one of the most significant federal ethanol supports being the RFS. The RFS has been and will continue to be a driving factor in the growth of ethanol usage.  Annually, the EPA is supposed to pass a rule that establishes the number of gallons of different types of renewable fuels that must be used in the United States which is called the renewable volume obligations. However, the EPA delayed the adoption of the rules on the 2014, 2015 and 2016 RFS standards. On November 30, 2015, the EPA released final rules which lowered the 2014, 2015 and 2016 renewable volume obligations below the statutory volume requirements. In addition, on May 18, 2016, the EPA released a proposed rule to set the renewable volume requirements for 2017 which set the total volume obligation at 18.8 billion gallons of which 14.8 billion gallons could be met by corn-based ethanol.  The final rule for 2017 was issued on November 23, 2016 and increased the total volume requirements from the proposed 18.8 billion gallons to 19.28 billion gallons.  Although the final 2017 volume requirements are a significant increase over the 2016 volume requirements and the requirements originally proposed in May 2016, the volume requirements are still below the statutory requirements.   However, in connection with the issuance of the Final 2017 Rule, the EPA increased the number of gallons which may be  met by corn-based ethanol from 14.8 billion gallons to 15 billion gallons.  This brings the renewable volume obligations for conventional renewable fuels that can be met by corn-based ethanol back to the levels called for in the statutory mandate.  Although this signals a sign of support of the RFS2 by the EPA and a rejection of arguments by the oil industry relating to the "blend wall," there is no guarantee that for future years the EPA will adhere to the statutory mandate for conventional renewable fuels.  Furthermore, there have also been recent proposals in Congress to reduce or eliminate the RFS. The EPA's reduction of the volume requirements under the RFS set forth in the EPA s final rules combined with any further reduction to or elimination of the RFS requirements, could materially decrease the market price and demand for ethanol which will negatively impact the Company s financial performance. 

Critical Accounting Estimates and Accounting Policies 
    
  Lincolnway Energy's financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and follow general practices within the industries in which Lincolnway Energy operates.  This preparation requires management to make estimates, assumptions, and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes.  These estimates, assumptions and judgments are based on information available as of the date of the financial statements; accordingly, as this information changes, actual results could differ from the estimates, assumptions, and judgments reflected in the financial statements.  Certain policies inherently have a greater reliance on the use of estimates, assumptions, and judgments and, as such, have a greater possibility of producing results that could be materially different than originally reported.  Management believes the following policies are both important to the portrayal of Lincolnway Energy's  
  
    46 

financial condition and results of operations and require subjective or complex judgments; therefore, management considers the following to be critical accounting policies. 
    
  Revenue Recognition 
    
  Revenue from the sale of Lincolnway Energy's ethanol and distiller's grains is recognized at the time title and all risks of ownership transfer to the marketing company.  This generally occurs upon the loading of the product.  For ethanol, title passes from Lincolnway Energy at the time the product crosses the loading flange in either a railcar or truck.   For distiller's grains, title passes upon the loading of distiller's grains into trucks or railcars.  Shipping and handling costs incurred by Lincolnway Energy for the sale of ethanol and distiller's grain are included in costs of goods sold. 

Derivative Instruments 
    
  Lincolnway Energy  periodically enters into derivative contracts to hedge its exposure to price risk related to forecasted corn needs, forward corn purchase contracts and ethanol sales.   Lincolnway Energy does not typically enter into derivative instruments other than for hedging purposes.  All the derivative contracts are recognized on the September 30, 2016 and 2015  balance sheets at fair value.  Although Lincolnway Energy believes Lincolnway Energy's derivative positions are economic hedges, none has been designated as a hedge for accounting purposes.  Accordingly, any realized or unrealized gain or loss related to these derivative instruments is recorded in the statement of operations as a component of cost of goods sold in the case of corn and natural gas contracts and as a component of revenue in the case of ethanol sales. 
  Unrealized gains and losses on forward contracts, in which delivery has not occurred, are deemed "normal purchases and normal sales", and therefore are not marked to market in Lincolnway Energy's financial statements, but are subject to a lower of cost or net realizable value assessment. 
    
  Inventories at Lower of Cost or Net Realizable Value 
    
  Inventories are generally valued at the lower of weighted average cost or net realizable value using the first-in, first-out method.  In the valuation of inventories and purchase commitments, net realizable value is defined as estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less reasonable predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation.  
    
    For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, Lincolnway Energy did not have any lower of cost or net realizable value inventory adjustments. 
    
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  Lincolnway Energy currently does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

47 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  On September 30, 2016, Lincolnway Energy had $.6 million in cash and cash equivalents and approximately $17 million available under committed loan agreements.  Lincolnway Energy s business is highly impacted by commodity prices, including prices for corn, ethanol and distiller's grains.  There are times that Lincolnway Energy may operate at negative operating margins. 
  The following table shows cash flows for the fiscal years ended September 30,   2016   and   2015  : 

For the fiscal year ended September 30,   2016  , cash provided by operating activities was   $5.1 million  , compared to cash provided by operating activities of   $7.4 million   for the fiscal year ended   2015  .  The $2.3 million decrease is due primarily to the Company's decrease in net income and increase in trade receivables. 
  Cash flows from investing activities reflect the impact of property and equipment acquired for the ethanol plant.  Net cash used in investing activities decreased by $7.7 million for the fiscal year ended September 30,   2016  , when compared to the fiscal year ended   2015  .  The decrease is primarily due to a large number of capital projects started or completed in fiscal year 2015. 
  Cash flows from financing activities include transactions and events whereby cash is obtained or paid back to or from  creditors or investors.  Net cash used in financing activities decreased by $15.2 million for the fiscal year ended September 30,   2016  , when compared to the fiscal year ended September 30,   2015  .  The decrease is due to the two distributions paid to members in fiscal year 2015 compared to one distribution in fiscal year 2016.  Per our covenants in our loan agreements, distributions are limited to the previous fiscal year's net income.  
    Lincolnway Energy anticipates keeping cash balances at an acceptable level that will meet covenants and allow it to continue with several capital projects.  If Lincolnway Energy should get in a negative cash position, Lincolnway Energy will have access to the $17 million available on its revolver term and term loan agreements. 
  As of September 30,   2016  , Lincolnway Energy was in compliance with all covenants in its loan agreements with its lenders. 
    
  Loans and Agreements 
  Lincolnway Energy entered into a Master Loan Agreement on August 21, 2012 with Farm Credit Services of America, FLCA and Farm Credit Services of America, PCA.  On June 2, 2016, various related supplements and collateral related agreements and documents were entered into under the Master Loan Agreement. CoBank, ACB has a participation interest in the underlying loans and serves as administrative agent for the loans, and is therefore also a party to certain of the agreements and documents.  
  One of the supplements is a revolving term loan available for up to $11.0 million.  Lincolnway Energy pays interest on the unpaid  
  
    48 

balance of the revolving term loan at a variable interest rate (adjusting on a weekly basis) based upon the one-month LIBOR index rate plus 3.15%.  Lincolnway Energy also pays a commitment fee on the average daily unused portion of the loan at the rate of .50% per annum, payable monthly.  The loan is secured by substantially all assets of Lincolnway Energy and subject to certain financial and nonfinancial covenants as defined in the master loan agreement.  The term of the loan expires, and Lincolnway Energy must pay all unpaid principal amounts outstanding under the revolving term loan, on November 1, 2020.   
  Another supplement entered into pursuant to the Master Loan Agreement is a monitored revolving credit loan for $8.5 million.  Lincolnway Energy will pay interest monthly on the unpaid balance at a variable rate (adjusted on a weekly basis) based upon the one-month   LIBOR   index rate plus 2.90%.  Lincolnway Energy also pays a commitment fee on the average daily unused portion of the loan at the rate of .20% per annum, payable monthly.  The term of the loan  expires, and Lincolnway Energy must pay all unpaid principal amounts outstanding under the loan, on July 1, 2017.  The loan is secured by substantially all assets of Lincolnway Energy and subject to certain financial and nonfinancial covenants as defined in the master loan agreement. 
  The final supplement entered into pursuant to the Master Loan Agreement is a revolving credit supplement that allows the Company to open an irrevocable letter of credit for $2.4 million.  The letter of credit severs as security for a natural gas transportation agreement.  The agreement and letter of credit is discussed further in Note 8 to the financial statements.  
  The loans are secured by first priority liens created by security agreements and mortgages covering all of Lincolnway Energy's assets and properties, including Lincolnway Energy's inventory, receivables, plant, real estate and commodity trading accounts. 
  Lincolnway Energy also entered into a $500,000 loan agreement with the Iowa Department of Transportation in February 2005.  Under the agreement, the loan proceeds were disbursed upon submission of paid invoices and bear interest at 2.11% per annum which began to accrue on January 1, 2007.  Payments began on July 1, 2007.  The remaining loan balance on the Department of Transportation loan was $27,571 as of September 30, 2016.  Principal payments will be made semiannually through January 2017. 
  Lincolnway Energy leases 90  hopper rail cars which are used for transporting distiller's grains.    Lincolnway Energy's lease for the hopper rail cars expires in June 2019.  Lincolnway Energy also leases 185 tank rail cars that are used for transporting ethanol.  The scheduled terms of the leases vary with the leases expiring between May 2018 and September 2024. 
    
  Contractual Obligations Table 
  In addition to long-term debt obligations, Lincolnway Energy has certain other contractual cash obligations and commitments.  The following table provides information regarding Lincolnway Energy's contractual obligations and commitments as of  September 30,   2016  : 
  
    49 

Item 7A.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
    
  In addition to the risks inherent in the ethanol industry and Lincolnway Energy's operation, Lincolnway Energy is exposed to various market risks.  The primary market risks arise as a result of possible changes in interest rates and certain commodity prices. 
    
  Interest Rate Risk 
    
  Lincolnway Energy has various outstanding loan agreements that expose Lincolnway Energy to market risk related to changes in the interest rate imposed under those loan agreements and promissory notes. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy has loan agreements, including an irrevocable letter of credit, with the following entities, and with the principal balance and interest rates indicated: 

The interest rate under the IA Department of Transportation loan agreement is fixed at 2.11%.  The interest rate on the Farm Credit monitored revolving credit loan is a variable interest rate loan based on the one-month LIBOR index rate plus 2.9%, adjusting weekly.   The interest rate on the Farm Credit revolving term loan and revolving letter of credit is a variable interest rate based on the one-month LIBOR index plus 3.15% adjusted weekly.  For more information on the payments see Item 7 -Loans and Agreements.  
  Lincolnway Energy does not anticipate any material increase in interest rates during 2017. 
  
    50 

Commodity Price Risk 
  Lincolnway Energy is also exposed to market risk with respect to the price of ethanol, Lincolnway Energy's principal product, and the price and availability of corn, the principal commodity used by Lincolnway Energy to produce ethanol, and natural gas.  The other primary product of Lincolnway Energy is distiller's grains, and Lincolnway Energy is also subject to market risk with respect to the price for distiller's grains.  The prices for ethanol, distiller's grains, corn and natural gas are volatile, and Lincolnway Energy may experience market conditions where the price Lincolnway Energy receives for its ethanol and distiller's grains is declining, but the price Lincolnway Energy pays for its corn, natural gas and other inputs is increasing.  Lincolnway Energy's results will therefore vary substantially over time, and include the possibility of losses, which could be substantial. 
    
  In general, rising ethanol and distiller's grains prices result in higher profit margins, and therefore represent favorable market conditions.  Lincolnway Energy is, however, subject to various material risks related to its production of ethanol and distiller's grains and the price for ethanol and distiller's grains.  For example, ethanol and distillers grains prices are influenced by various factors beyond the control of Lincolnway Energy's management, including the supply and demand for gasoline, the availability of substitutes and the effect of laws and regulations.  
    
  Rising corn prices generally result in lower profit margins and, accordingly, represent unfavorable market conditions.  Lincolnway Energy will generally not be able to pass along increased corn costs to its ethanol customers.  Lincolnway Energy is subject to various material risks related to the availability and price of corn, many of which are beyond the control of Lincolnway Energy.  For example, the availability and price of corn is subject to wide fluctuations due to various unpredictable factors which are beyond the control of Lincolnway Energy's management, including weather conditions, crop yields, farmer planting decisions, governmental policies with respect to agriculture and local, regional, national and international trade, demand and supply. 

If Lincolnway Energy's corn costs were to increase $.10 cents per bushel from one year to the next, the impact on cost of goods sold would be approximately $2.2 million for the year. 
    
  During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, corn prices based on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange daily futures data ranged from a low of $3.01 per bushel in September 2016 to a high of $4.44 per bushel in June 2016.  During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015, corn prices based on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange daily futures data ranged from a low of $3.21 per bushel in October 2014 to a high of $4.41 per bushel in July 2015. 
    
  During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, ethanol prices based on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange daily futures data ranged from a low of $1.30 per gallon in January 2016 to a high of $1.74 per gallon in June 2016.  During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015, ethanol prices based on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange daily futures data ranged from a low of $1.31 per gallon in January 2015 to a high of $2.17 per gallon in December 2014. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy may from time to time take various cash, futures, options or other positions with respect to its corn and ethanol needs in an attempt to minimize or reduce Lincolnway Energy's price risks related to corn and ethanol.  Those activities  
  
    51 

are, however, also subject to various material risks, including that price movements in the cash and futures corn and ethanol markets are highly volatile and influenced by many factors and occurrences that are beyond the control of Lincolnway Energy. 
    
  Although Lincolnway Energy intends that its futures and option positions accomplish an economic hedge against Lincolnway Energy's future purchases of corn or future sales of ethanol, Lincolnway Energy has chosen not to use hedge accounting for those positions, which would match the gain or loss on the positions to the specific commodity purchase being hedged.  Lincolnway Energy is instead using fair value accounting for the positions, which generally means that as the current market price of the positions changes, the realized or unrealized gains and losses are immediately recognized in Lincolnway Energy's costs of goods sold in the statement of operations for corn positions or as a component of revenue in the statement of operations for ethanol positions.  The immediate recognition of gains and losses on those positions can cause net income to be volatile from quarter to quarter due to the timing of the change in value of the positions relative to the cost and use of the commodity being hedged.  For example, Lincolnway Energy's corn position gain and (loss) that was included in its earnings for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 was a gain of $2,634,323, as compared to a gain of $1,516,542 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015, and a gain of $2,981,107 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014.  Lincolnway Energy's ethanol position gain and (loss) that was included in its earnings for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 was a gain of $68,378, as compared to a gain of $265,766 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015, and a loss of $578,981 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014. 
    
  The extent to which Lincolnway Energy may enter into arrangements with respect to its ethanol or corn during the year may vary substantially from time to time based upon a number of factors, including supply and demand factors affecting the needs of customers to purchase ethanol or suppliers to sell Lincolnway Energy raw materials on a fixed price basis, and Lincolnway Energy's views as to future market trends, seasonal factors and the cost of future contracts.     

52 

Item 8.    Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
    
  Contents 
    
                 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
     54 

Financial Statements 

Balance Sheets 
     55 
      Statements of Operations 
     57 
      Statements of Members  Equity 
     58 
      Statements of Cash Flows 
     59 
      Notes to Financial Statements 
     61 

53 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
    
  To the Board of Directors and Members 
  Lincolnway Energy, LLC 
    
  We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Lincolnway Energy, LLC as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related statements of operations, members' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended   September 30, 2016  .  These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 
    
  We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.  The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.  Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting.  Accordingly, we express no such opinion.  An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
    
  In our opinion, the  financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Lincolnway Energy, LLC as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended   September 30, 2016  , in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
    
  /s/ RSM US LLP 
    
  Des Moines, Iowa 
  December 12, 2016  
  
    54 

Lincolnway Energy, LLC 
    
  Balance Sheets 
  September 30, 2016   and   2015    

See Notes to Financial Statements. 

55 

Lincolnway Energy, LLC 
    
  Balance Sheets (Continued) 
  September 30, 2016   and   2015    

56 

Lincolnway Energy, LLC 
    
  Statements of Operations 
  Years Ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014    

See Notes to Financial Statements. 
  
    57 

Lincolnway Energy, LLC 
    
  Statements of Members' Equity 
  Years Ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014    

See Notes to Financial Statements. 
  
    58 

Lincolnway Energy, LLC 
    
  Statements of Cash Flows 
  Years Ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014    

59 

Lincolnway Energy, LLC 
    
  Statements of Cash Flows (Continued) 
  Years Ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014    

See Notes to  Financial Statements. 
  
    60 

Lincolnway Energy, LLC 
    
  Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 1.    Nature of Business and Significant Accounting Policies 
    
  Principal business activity  :  Lincolnway Energy, LLC (the "Company"), located in Nevada, Iowa, was formed in May 2004 to pool investors to build a   50 million    gallon annual production dry mill corn-based ethanol plant.  The Company began making sales on May 30, 2006 and became operational during the quarter ended June 30, 2006.  The Company is directly influenced by commodity markets and the agricultural and energy industries and, accordingly, its results of operations and financial condition may be significantly affected by cyclical market trends and the regulatory, political and economic conditions in these industries. 
    
  A summary of significant accounting policies follows: 
    
  Use of estimates  :  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
    
  Cash and cash equivalents:    The Company considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. Although the Company maintains its cash accounts in one bank, the Company believes it is not exposed to any significant credit risk on cash and cash equivalents.  At September 30, 2016, the Company closed all repurchase agreements.  Prior to September 30,2016 the Company utilized the repurchase account to invest excess cash in a bank overnight repurchase account. 
    
  Trade accounts receivable:    Trade accounts receivable are recorded at original invoice amounts less an estimate made for doubtful receivables based on a review of all outstanding amounts on a monthly basis.  Management determines the allowance for doubtful accounts by regularly evaluating individual customer receivables and considering customers financial condition, credit history and current economic conditions.  Receivables are written off when deemed uncollectible.  Recoveries of receivables written off are recorded when received.  A receivable is considered past due if any portion of the receivable is outstanding more than   90   days.   There is   no   allowance for doubtful accounts as of   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  Deferred revenue:   Deferred revenue represents fees received under a service agreement in advance of services being performed.  The related revenue is deferred and recognized as the services are performed over the   10   year agreement. 
    
  Inventories:    Inventories are valued at the lower of weighted average cost or net realizable value using the first-in, first-out method.  In the valuation of inventories and purchase commitments, net realizable value is defined as estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less reasonable predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. 
    
  Property and equipment:    Property and equipment is stated at cost.  Construction in progress is comprised of costs related to the projects that are not completed.  Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives: 
  
    61 

Years 
      Land improvements 
    20 
      Buildings and improvements 
    40 
      Plant and process equipment 
    5   20 
      Office furniture and equipment 
    3   7 

Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred; major improvements and betterments are capitalized.   
    
  Derivative financial instruments:    The Company periodically enters into derivative contracts to hedge the Company s exposure to price risk related to forecasted corn needs, forward corn purchase contracts and ethanol sales.  The Company does not typically enter into derivative instruments other than for hedging purposes.  All the derivative contracts are recognized on the balance sheet at their fair market value.  Although the Company believes its derivative positions are economic hedges, none have been designated as a hedge for accounting purposes.   Accordingly, any realized or unrealized gain or loss related to corn and natural gas derivatives is recorded in the statement of operations as a component of cost of goods sold.  Any realized or unrealized gain or loss related to ethanol derivative instruments is recorded in the statement of operations as a component of revenue.  The Company reports all contracts with the same counter party on a net basis on the balance sheet.  Unrealized gains and losses on forward contracts, in which delivery has not occurred, are deemed  normal purchases and normal sales , and therefore are not marked to market in the Company s financial statements, but are subject to a lower of cost or net realizable value assessment.    
    
  Revenue recognition:    Revenue from the sale of the Company s ethanol and distiller's grains is recognized at the time title and all risks of ownership transfer to the customers.  This generally occurs upon the loading of the product.  For ethanol, title passes at the time the product crosses the loading flange in either a railcar or truck.  For distiller s grain, title passes upon the loading into trucks or railcars.    Shipping and handling costs incurred by the Company for the sale of  distiller s grain are included in costs of goods sold. Ethanol revenue is reported free on board (FOB) and all shipping and handling costs are incurred by the ethanol marketer.   Commissions for the marketing and sale of ethanol and distiller grains are included in costs of goods sold. 
    
  Revenue by product is as follows: 

Income taxes  :  The Company is organized as a partnership for federal and state income tax purposes and generally does not incur income taxes.  Instead, the Company s earnings and losses are included in the income tax returns of the members.  Therefore, no provision or liability for federal or state income taxes has been included in these financial statements.  Management has evaluated the Company's material tax positions and determined there were no uncertain tax positions that require adjustment to the financial statements.  The Company does not currently anticipate significant changes in its uncertain tax positions over the next twelve months.  
    
  Earnings per unit  :  Basic and diluted net income (loss) per unit have been computed on the basis of the weighted average number of units outstanding during each period presented. 

62 

Fair value of financial instruments:    The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, derivative financial instruments, trade  and other accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued expenses and long-term debt approximate fair value.    These instruments are considered Level 1 measurements under the fair value hierarchy. 
    
  Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements:    In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), which supersedes all existing revenue recognition requirements, including most industry-specific guidance.  The new standard requires a company to recognize revenue when it transfers goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that the company expects to receive for those goods or services.  The new standard will be effective for us on October 1, 2018.  We are currently evaluating the potential impact that Topic 606 may have on our financial position and results of operations.  

Note 2.    Members' Equity 
    
  The Company has one class of membership units with   90,000   units authorized.   
    
  Income and losses are allocated to all members based on their pro rata ownership interest. All unit transfers are effective the last day of the month.  Units may be issued or transferred only to persons eligible to be members of the Company and only in compliance with the provisions of the operating agreement. 
    
  The Company is organized as an Iowa limited liability company.  Members' liability is limited as specified in the Company's operating agreement and pursuant to the Iowa Limited Liability Company Act.  The duration of the Company shall be perpetual unless dissolved as provided in the operating agreement. 

Note 3.    Inventories 
    
  Inventories consist of the following as of   September 30  : 

Note 4.    Revolving Credit Loan 
    
  The Company has a  monitored revolving credit loan, with a bank, for up to   $8,500,000  . The Company will pay interest monthly on the unpaid balance at a variable rate (adjusted on a weekly basis) based upon the one-month   LIBOR   index rate plus   2.90%  .  The Company will also pay a commitment fee on the average daily unused portion of the loan at the rate of   .20%   per annum, payable monthly.  The term of the loan will expire, and the Company must pay all unpaid principal amounts outstanding under the loan, on July 1, 2017.  The loan is secured by substantially all assets of the Company and subject to certain financial and nonfinancial covenants as defined in the master loan agreement.  There was   no   outstanding balance as of    September 30, 2016   and    2015  . 
  
    63 

Note 5.    Long-Term Debt 
    
  Long-term debt consists of the following as of   September 30  : 

Maturities of long-term debt as of   September 30   are as follows: 

(A) 
    The Company has a revolving term loan, with a bank, available for up to   $11,000,000  .  The Company will pay interest on the unpaid balance at a variable interest rate (adjusted on a weekly basis) based upon the one-month   LIBOR   index rate plus   3.15%  .  The Company will also pay a commitment fee on the average daily unused portion of the loan at the rate of   .50%   per annum, payable monthly.  The loan is secured by substantially all assets of the Company and subject to certain financial and nonfinancial covenants as defined in the master loan agreement.  The term of the loan will expire, and the Company must pay all unpaid principal amounts outstanding under the revolving term loan, on November 1, 2020.   
       
           (B) 
    The Company entered into a   $500,000   loan agreement with the Iowa Department of Transportation (IDOT) in February 2005.  Interest at   2.11%   began accruing on January 1, 2007.  Principal payments are due semiannually through January 2017.  The loan is secured by all rail track material constructed as part of the plant construction.  The debt is subordinate to the above financial institution revolving term loan (A) and revolving credit loan (Note 4.)  

Note 6.    Lease Commitments 
    
  The Company leases various rail cars and office equipment under operating lease agreements with the following future minimum commitments as of September 30, 2016. 
  
    64 

Rent expense under the above operating leases totaled approximately   $2,313,000  ,   $2,284,000   and   $1,810,000   for the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   respectively. 

Note 7.    Related-Party Transactions 
    
     The Company had the following related-party activity with members as of or during the year ending September 30: 

Note 8.    Commitments and Major Customers  
    
  The Company has an agreement with an unrelated entity for marketing, selling and distributing all of the ethanol produced by the Company.  Revenues with this customer were   $78,547,436  ,   $90,023,405  , and   $114,895,877   for the years ended   September 30, 2016  , 2015 and 2014, respectively.  Trade accounts receivable of   $2,181,185   and   $3,285,373   was due from the customer as of    September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company has ethanol sales commitments with the unrelated entity of   11,982,586   unpriced gallons through December 2016. 
  
    65 

Effective January 1, 2014, the Company entered into an agreement with an unrelated entity for marketing, selling and distributing the distiller's grains.  Revenues with this customer, including both distiller's grains and corn oil, were   $18,169,000  ,   $21,836,870   and   $14,227,865   for the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   , respectively. Trade accounts receivable of   $478,142   and   $227,686   was due from the customer as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  The Company has distiller s grain sales commitments with the unrelated entity of  approximately   10,100     tons for a total sales commitment of approximately   $1,020,480   less marketing fees.  
    
  The Company had a prior agreement with an unrelated entity for marketing, selling and distributing the distiller s grain that ended on December 31, 2013.  Revenues with this customer were   $15,579,463   for the year ended September 30,   2014  .   
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had purchase commitments for corn cash forward contracts with various unrelated parties, totaling approximately   $3,517,000  , representing   951,256   bushels.  The Company also had basis contract commitments with unrelated parties to purchase   100,000   bushels of corn. These contracts mature at various dates through June 2017.   
    
  The Company has an agreement with an unrelated party for the transportation of  natural gas to the Company's ethanol plant.   Under the agreement, the Company committed to future monthly fees totaling approximately   $3.6 million   over the   10   year term, commencing November 2014.  On June 30, 2016, the Company assigned an irrevocable standby letter of credit to the counter-party to stand as security for the Company's obligation under the agreement.   The letter of credit will be reduced over time as the Company makes payments under the agreement.  At September 30, 2016, the remaining commitment was approximately   $2.4 million  .  
    
  As of September 30, 2016, the Company had purchase commitments for natural gas forward contracts with an unrelated party for a total commitment of approximately   $1,381,000  .  These contracts mature at various dates through March 2017.  

Note 9.    Risk Management 
    
  The Company s activities expose it to a variety of market risks, including the effects of changes in commodity prices.  These financial exposures are monitored and managed by the Company as an integral part of its overall risk management program.  The Company s risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of commodity markets and seeks to reduce the potentially adverse effects that the volatility of these markets may have on its operating results. 
    
  The Company maintains a risk management strategy that uses derivative instruments to minimize significant, unanticipated earnings fluctuations caused by market fluctuations.  The Company s specific goal is to protect the Company from large moves in the commodity costs. 
    
  To reduce price risk caused by market fluctuations, the Company generally follows a policy of using exchange-traded futures and options contracts to minimize its net position of merchandisable agricultural commodity inventories and forward purchases and sales contracts. 

66 

Exchange traded futures and options contracts are designated as non-hedge derivatives and are valued at market price with changes in market price recorded in operating income through cost of goods sold for corn and natural gas derivatives and through revenue for ethanol derivatives. 
    
  Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments as of September 30 are as follows: 

The effects on operating income from derivative activities for the years ending September 30, are as follows: 

67 

Note 10.    Fair Value Measurements 
    
  Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.  In determining fair value, the Company uses various methods including market, income and cost approaches.  Based on these approaches, the Company often utilizes certain assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, including assumptions about risk and/or the risks inherent in the inputs to the valuation technique.  These inputs can be readily observable, market-corroborated, or generally unobservable inputs.  The Company utilizes valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.  Based on the observability of the inputs used in the valuation techniques, the Company is required to provide the following information according to the fair value hierarchy.  The fair value hierarchy ranks the quality and reliability of the information used to determine fair values.  Financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value will be classified and disclosed in one of the following three categories: 
    
  Level 1   Valuations for assets and liabilities traded in active markets from readily available pricing sources for market transactions involving identical assets or liabilities. 
    
  Level 2  Valuations for assets and liabilities traded in less active dealer or broker markets.  Valuations are obtained from third-party pricing services for identical or similar assets or liabilities. 
    
  Level 3  Valuations incorporate certain assumptions and projections in determining the fair value assigned to such assets or liabilities. 
    
  A description of the valuation methodologies used for instruments measured at fair value, including the general classification of such instruments pursuant to the valuation hierarchy, is set forth below.  These valuation methodologies were applied to all of the Company s financial assets and financial liabilities carried at fair value. 
    
  Derivative financial instruments  :  Commodity futures and exchange-traded commodity options contracts are reported at fair value utilizing Level 1 inputs.  For these contracts, the Company obtains fair value measurements from an independent pricing service.  The fair value measurements consider observable data that may include dealer quotes and live trading levels from the CME and NYMEX markets.  The fair value measurements consider observable data that may include dealer quotes and live trading levels from the over-the-counter markets. 
    
  The following table summarizes the financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , segregated by the level of the valuation inputs within the fair value hierarchy utilized to measure fair value: 

68 

Note 11.    Employee Benefit Plan 
    
  The Company adopted a 401(k) plan covering substantially all employees.  The Company provides matching contributions of   50%   for up to   6%   of employee compensation.  Company contributions and plan expenses for the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   totaled   $69,497  ,   $71,972   and   $87,262  , respectively. 

Note 12.    Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) 
    
  The following table presents summarized quarterly financial data for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Item 9.    Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
    
  Lincolnway Energy has not had any change in its accountants or any disagreements with its accountants which are required to be disclosed under this Item. 

Item 9A  .      Controls and Procedures. 
    
    Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  Lincolnway Energy's management, with the participation of Lincolnway Energy's president and chief executive officer and director of finance, have evaluated the  effectiveness of Lincolnway Energy's disclosure  controls and procedures  (as defined in Rule  13a-15(e)  under  the Securities Exchange  Act of 1934) as of the end of the  period  covered by this annual report.  As a result of such evaluation,  the president and chief executive officer and the director of finance have  concluded  that such  disclosure  controls and procedures are effective to provide  reasonable  assurance that the  information required to be disclosed in the reports Lincolnway Energy  files or submits  under the Securities Exchange  Act of 1934 is (i)  recorded,  processed,   
  
    69 

summarized  and reported within the time  periods specified  in the  Securities  and  Exchange Commission's   rules  and  forms,  and (ii)  accumulated  and  communicated  to management,  including Lincolnway Energy's  principal executive and principal financial officers or persons performing such functions,  as appropriate,  to allow timely decisions regarding  disclosure. Lincolnway Energy believes that a control system, no matter how well designed and operated,  cannot provide absolute assurance that the  objectives of the control system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide  absolute  assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud,  if any, within a company have been detected 

Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. 
    
  The management of Lincolnway Energy is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for Lincolnway Energy.  Lincolnway Energy's internal control system was designed to, in general, provide reasonable assurance to Lincolnway Energy's management and board regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements, but because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.  Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
  Lincolnway Energy's management assessed the effectiveness of Lincolnway Energy's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016.  The framework used by management in making that assessment was the criteria set forth by the "Internal Control   Integrated Framework" (2013 Framework) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that assessment, Lincolnway Energy's management has determined that as of September 30, 2016, Lincolnway Energy's internal control over financial reporting was effective for the purposes for which it is intended. 
    
  An attestation report from Lincolnway Energy's accounting firm on Lincolnway Energy's internal control over financial reporting is not included in this annual report because an attestation report is only required under the regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission for accelerated filers or large accelerated filers. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
    
  No change in Lincolnway Energy's internal control over financial  reporting occurred during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected,  or is  reasonably  likely to materially  affect,  Lincolnway Energy's internal  control over  financial reporting. 

Item 9B.    Other Information. 
    
  None.  

70 

PART III 
    
  The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the definitive proxy statement for the Lincolnway Energy 2017 Annual Meeting of Members (the    2017 Proxy Statement   ) to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the Company s fiscal year ended September 30, 2016.   

Item 10.    Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the 2017 Proxy Statement.   

Item 11.    Executive Compensation. 
    
  The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the 2017 Proxy Statement.   

Item 12.    Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
    
  The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the 2017 Proxy Statement.   

Item 13.    Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
    
  The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the 2017 Proxy Statement.   

Item 14.    Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
    
  The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the 2017 Proxy Statement.   

71 

PART IV 

Item 15.    Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
    
  (a)(1)    Financial Statements. 
    
  The financial statements are set forth in Item 8 of this annual report.   
    
  (a)(2)    Financial Statement Schedules. 
    
  Financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not required or are not applicable, or the information is otherwise included in this annual report. 
    
  (a)(3)    Exhibits.   
    
  The Exhibit Index attached to this report is incorporated by reference into this Item 15(a)(3). 

72 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
    
                 December 12, 2016 
    /s/ Eric Hakmiller 
        
    Eric Hakmiller, President and Chief Executive Officer 

December 12, 2016 
    /s/ Kristine Strum 
        
    Kristine Strum, Director of Finance 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

73 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
    
  Exhibits Filed With Form 10-K 
  of Lincolnway Energy, LLC 
  For the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2015 

74 

10.13 
      
    Revolving Credit Supplement (Letter of Credit) Between Farm Credit Services of America, PCA and Lincolnway Energy, LLC dated June 2, 2016 
    Filed Herewith 

10.14 
      
    Revolving Credit Supplement Between Farm Credit Services of America, PCA and Lincolnway Energy, LLC dated June 2, 2016 
    Filed Herewith 

*10.15 
      
    Ethanol Marketing Agreement Between Lincolnway Energy, LLC and Eco-Energy, LLC 
      
    8-K 
      
    10.1 
    12/9/2016 
      14 
      
    Code of Ethics 
      
    10-K 
    9/30/2009 
    14.0 
    12/22/2009 
      31.1 
      
    Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer 
    Filed Herewith 

31.2 
      
    Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
    Filed Herewith 

32.1 
      
    Section 1350 Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer 
    Filed Herewith 

32.2 
      
    Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
    Filed Herewith 

101 
      
    Interactive Data Files (furnished electronically herewith pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation 
  S-T) 

* 
      
    Material has been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment and such material has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
      ** 
      
    Management Contract or Compensatory Plan 

This certification is not deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

75 

<EX-10.27>
 2
 copyofgavilondistillersgra.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.27 GAVILON GRAIN AGREEMENT

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 10.27 
    
  DISTILLER S GRAIN OFF-TAKE AGREEMENT  (NEVADA, IOWA) 

THIS DISTILLER S GRAIN OFF-TAKE AGREEMENT (   Agreement   ) is dated as of December 2, 2013, by and between LINCOLNWAY ENERGY, LLC an Iowa limited liability company (   Producer   ), and   GAVILON INGREDIENTS, LLC  , a Delaware limited liability company (   Gavilon   ) (each, a    Party   , and collectively, the    Parties   ). 
  RECITALS: 
           (a) 
    Producer owns and operates an ethanol production facility (the  Facility ) located in         Nevada, Iowa ; and  
              (b) 
    Producer has agreed to sell to Gavilon, and Gavilon has agreed to purchase from Producer, all distiller s grains produced at the Facility on the terms and conditions set forth hereinafter. 
     AGREEMENT: 
  NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of these premises and for the mutual promises and covenants contained herein, the Parties agree as follows: 
           1.1 
    Term.    This Agreement shall become effective on January 1, 2014 and shall remain in effect for *.  Thereafter, this Agreement shall continue until terminated by either Party upon no less than sixty (60) days prior written notice, provided that such termination shall have no effect with respect to any Confirmed Orders entered into prior to the effectiveness of such termination. 
     2.      Delivery Obligations; Price and Payment. 
           2.1 
    Delivery  .  During the Term, Producer shall sell and make available for Delivery (as defined in 5.1) to Gavilon, and Gavilon shall purchase and take Delivery  of all distiller s grains produced at the Facility including both dried distiller s grains and wet distiller s grains (collectively,    Product   ).  Product shall meet the applicable specifications set forth herein. 
              2.2 
    Price; Payment Terms  .    The price for Product sold hereunder (the  Price ) shall be based on market-price bids from Gavilon s customers, less (a) Logistics Costs and (b) the applicable Service Fee.  Gavilon agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to achieve the highest Price available under prevailing market conditions.  Payments on all undisputed amounts shall be made within ten (10) business days from Gavilon s receipt of the information set forth in Section 2.4. Payments shall be made via wire to a bank account specified by the Producer.  
     
   E-  1 
  *  Portion omitted pursuant to request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

2.3 
    Logistics Costs; Fees; Net Price  .  For purposes of this Agreement,  Logistics Costs  means the costs, without markup, for providing services related to or connected with either (i) transporting, storing, transloading, and otherwise handling (including demurrage, and shrinkage costs unless caused by the acts or omissions of Gavilon) Product after Delivery (as defined in Section 5.1) to Gavilon, or (ii) the delivery of railcars or trucks (each a  Transport Vessel  and collectively,    Transport Vessels   ) to the Delivery Point (as defined in Section 5.5) for loading.  The applicable Service Fee for Gavilon purchase shall be as follows: 
       The term  Net Price  means the delivered price of Product to the customer, less Gavilon s Logistics  Costs (as communicated to Producer by Gavilon at the time the Parties enter into a Confirmed Order) to deliver such Product from the Facility to the customer, expressed in dollars per ton.  Thereafter, any variance in Logistics Costs occurring with respect to each such Confirmed Order shall be for Gavilon's account. 
           2.4 
    Billing Information  .    For each shipment of Product to Gavilon, Producer shall furnish the following in reasonable detail: (i) an invoice giving the actual quantity and date of shipment of the Product, (ii) the applicable weight certificate(s) described in Section 3.2. 
              2.5 
    Payment Verification  .    Any payment made pursuant to this Section will not preclude a Party from subsequently verifying payments of the other Party as permitted in Section 14.3 of this Agreement.  Each party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to resolve any disputed payment amounts within 72 hours of the time notice of such dispute was received by the non-disputing party.   
              2.6 
    Taxes  .    Producer shall pay or cause to be paid all valid levies, assessments, duties, rates and taxes (together    Taxes   ) on Product delivered hereunder that arise prior to, or as a result of, the sale and Delivery of Product at the Delivery Point.  Gavilon shall pay or cause to be paid all Taxes, including fuel or excise Taxes, on Product that arise after the sale (other than third-party sales) and Delivery of Product to Gavilon at the Delivery Point. 
     3.      Quantity and Quality. 
           3.1 
    Delivery  .    Delivery and receipt of DDGs purchased hereunder shall take place at the applicable Delivery Point (as defined in Section 5.5) in accordance with the corresponding Confirmed Order.  The Parties shall establish a mutually agreed Delivery Schedule as defined and described in   Exhibit  A   . 
              3.2 
    Quantities  .    The quantity of Product delivered to Gavilon shall be established by outbound weight certificates, as evidenced by the weight documentation provided by Producer.  The certificates shall be obtained daily from either scales or other metering devices which are certified as of the time of weighing and which comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations.  Gavilon shall have the right to test such scales or devices at any time provided that such testing shall not cause any unreasonable disruption to Producer s operations at the Facility.   
     
   E-  2 
  *  Portion omitted pursuant to request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

3.3 
    Standards  .    Producer understands that Gavilon intends to sell the Product as a primary animal feed ingredient and that such Product is subject to minimum quality standards for such use.  Producer agrees and warrants that the Product shall be accepted in the feed trade under current industry standards, shall fully comply with any applicable state and federal laws governing quality of product, and shall be free and clear of liens and encumbrances. 
              3.4 
    Specifications  .    Producer warrants that unless otherwise mutually agreed in writing all Product sold hereunder shall, at the time of Delivery to Gavilon, conform to the applicable minimum quality requirements set forth in this Section 3.4.  The values quoted below are on an  as fed  basis.  Each shipment of Product shall include a copy of the guaranteed analysis, which shall be registered with the State of Iowa.  Producer may modify the specifications set forth in this Section 3.4 upon no less than 60 days written notice to Gavilon, provided that the   specifications of Product that is the subject of a Confirmed Order may only be modified upon mutual written agreement of Gavilon and Producer.  
                                      Dried Distiller s Grains 
        
    Crude Protein 
    Crude Fat 
    Crude Fiber 
    Moisture 

Min 
    Max 
    Min 
    Max 
    Min 
    Max 
    Min 
    Max 

25 
      
    7.0 

15 
      
    12.5 

Wet Distiller s Grains 
        
    Crude Protein 
    Crude Fat 
    Crude Fiber 
    Moisture 

Min 
    Max 
    Min 
    Max 
    Min 
    Max 
    Min 
    Max 

11 
      
    4.0 

5.5 
      
    60 

3.5 
    No Adulteration or Misbranding  .  Producer warrants that at the time of loading, the Product will not be adulterated or misbranded within the meaning of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and that each shipment may lawfully be introduced into interstate commerce under such Act.  Payment of invoices does not waive Gavilon s rights if the Product does not comply with terms or specifications of this Agreement. 
              3.6 
    Product Certification.    Weekly samples from Product will be sent to an outside laboratory of Gavilon s choosing for testing by Producer to ensure the Product conforms to the specifications in Section 3.4.  The results of such test will be forwarded from Producer to Gavilon upon receipt at the Facility.   
              3.7 
    Samples  .    Producer agrees to maintain a representative daily aggregate sample for a period of (3) months.  Producer will retain these samples and shall provide Gavilon access to such samples promptly upon request.  
              3.8 
    Nonconforming Product  .   If within five (5) days after arrival at customer, Product is found to be out of specification by Gavilon or by an independent laboratory using industry approved analysis and sampling methods (   Nonconforming Product   ), such condition will be promptly communicated to Producer.  Gavilon will provide a copy of the certified laboratory report(s)  
     
   E-  3 
  *  Portion omitted pursuant to request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

evidencing the Nonconforming Product along with available chain of custody documentation.  Producer may, within the succeeding five (5) days of receipt of such notice, take steps to refute or verify such nonconformance, including by obtaining an independent certified lab test and by observing conditions at the customer s site that may impact test results including chain of custody of sample.  All disputes regarding nonconforming product shall be settled pursuant to NGFA rules.  Upon verification of such nonconformance, Producer will then direct Gavilon to either (i) sell the Nonconforming Product at a discounted price, or (ii) return the Nonconforming Product to Producer.  If such Nonconforming Product is not discountable, Producer may replace the Nonconforming Product with an acceptable type and/or quality of Product within five (5) days of receipt of written notice that the delivered Product is nonconforming and that such nonconformance has been confirmed.  In the event Producer cannot replace the Nonconforming Product within the five (5) day period, Gavilon shall have the option to return the Nonconforming Product, withhold payment therefor and purchase replacement Product.  Producer will be responsible for all direct costs of replacing or disposing of any Nonconforming Product, including any costs reasonably incurred by Gavilon as a result of the Nonconforming Product and/or any unreasonable delay by Producer in obtaining conforming Product.  Such costs may include, without limitation, reasonably incurred storage costs or costs reasonably incurred by Gavilon to return such Nonconforming Product to Producer.  If such Nonconforming Product is sold by Gavilon at a discount, the Price payable by Gavilon will be calculated in the normal manner. 
           3.9 
    Quality Control Procedures.    Upon Producer s receipt of Transport Vessels and prior to Product loading in each Transport Vessel, Producer will visually inspect for equipment integrity, safety, and potential contamination.  Producer shall notify Gavilon immediately in the event any Transport Vessel does not meet the minimum requirements.  In the event a Transport Vessel provided by Gavilon is unsuitable for loading due to any of the aforementioned reasons, Gavilon shall arrange for a substitute Transport Vessel to arrive for loading within twenty-four (24) hours of Producer s notification to Gavilon, or such longer period of time as may be agreed between Producer and Gavilon acting in a commercially-reasonable manner.   
     4.      Third-Party Sales; Shortfalls.     
           4.1 
    Third-Party Sales.    Section 2.1 notwithstanding, should Producer receive offers to purchase Product (i) in which delivery would occur more than fifteen (15) days forward, and (ii) at prices that would be more favorable to Producer than the gross price (exclusive of Service Fee) offered by Gavilon (but on terms that are otherwise customary and comparable to those set forth herein), Producer shall give Gavilon written notice of the delivery terms, quantity and sales price available to Producer as well as the third party offering those more favorable terms. If Gavilon does not match the third-party terms within one (1) business day of receipt of such notice, Producer may then sell Product to such third party in the quantities and prices as notified to Gavilon.  In such event, at Producer s written request, Gavilon shall generally assist Producer with the logistics relating to third-party sales.  To the extent Producer requests Gavilon to assist with logistics of third-party sales, Producer shall pay Gavilon a service fee equal to the greater of 1% of the gross sales price of all third-party sales or $1.00/ton.  No third-party sales shall affect any Confirmed Orders (as defined in   Exhibit  A   ) previously established between the Parties unless agreed upon in writing by both Parties. 
     
   E-  4 
  *  Portion omitted pursuant to request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

4.2 
    Purchase Shortfall  .    If Gavilon fails to purchase and take delivery of any quantities of Product specified in Confirmed Orders, and Producer after using commercially reasonable efforts to mitigate any damage, has produced and must sell such Product to a substitute purchaser at a price lower than the applicable Price, Gavilon shall pay Producer the amount by which the applicable Price exceeds the actual sales price per ton, multiplied by the number of tons sold to the substitute purchaser.  If Producer exercises commercially reasonable efforts and is still unable to sell any such Product to a substitute purchaser, then Gavilon shall pay Producer an amount equal to the Price multiplied by the entire unsold portion.  Gavilon shall remit payment within five (5) business days following the invoice date and receipt of supporting documentation.  In either case, Gavilon shall also pay any additional costs solely and directly incurred by Producer to identify a substitute purchaser, to store the Product until they can be sold or disposed of, or to dispose of the Product.  Except for remedies set forth elsewhere in this Agreement, the remedy specified in this Section 4.2 shall be Producer s sole and exclusive remedy in the event Gavilon fails to purchase and take delivery of the Product specified in the Confirmed Order. 
              4.3 
    Delivery Shortfall  .    If Producer fails to make available for purchase the quantity of Product specified in Confirmed Orders, and Gavilon, using commercially reasonable efforts to mitigate any damage, is unable to obtain a substitute supply of Product at a price equal to or less than the Price, Producer shall pay Gavilon the amount by which the Price is less than the price paid by Gavilon for substitute supply, multiplied by the delivery shortfall (Confirmed Order quantity less the amount actually delivered by Producer); plus any additional costs solely and directly incurred  by Gavilon to identify a substitute purchaser.  Such payment shall be remitted within five (5) business days following the invoice date and receipt of supporting documentation.  The remedy specified in this Section 4.3 shall be Gavilon s sole and exclusive remedy in the event that Producer fails to supply the quantity of Product specified in the Confirmed Order. 
     5.      Transportation and Logistics. 
           5.1 
    Logistics Responsibilities  .    Gavilon shall be responsible for the management of logistics which arise prior to the Transport Vessel reaching the Delivery Point, and which arise after the DDGs are delivered completely loaded onto the Transport Vessel (   Delivery   ). This responsibility will include the management of Producer s railcar fleet as further described in Section 5.6.  Producer shall be responsible for all logistics that arise once the Transport Vessel has reached the Delivery Point up through Delivery.  Gavilon will be responsible for monitoring logistics while the Transport Vessel is at Destination to ensure efficient offloading.  Gavilon will secure and maintain all licenses, documents and contracts necessary to transport Product following Delivery. 
              5.2 
    Hours of Operation.    Producer shall use commercially reasonable efforts to keep the Facility open for truck delivery between the hours of 7:00 am to 5:00 pm Monday through Friday (   Normal Operating Hours   ).  Gavilon may from time to time request that the Facility be accessible during other times or days.  Producer will attempt to accommodate these requests provided Gavilon pays for any associated overtime costs incurred by Producer.  Producer will promptly notify Gavilon in advance of scheduled events where truck delivery will not be possible.  In instances where an unscheduled event makes truck delivery impossible, Producer will immediately notify Gavilon so that Gavilon may contact the applicable carriers.   
     
   E-  5 
  *  Portion omitted pursuant to request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

5.3 
    Producer s Demurrage Obligations  .    Producer s responsibility for Demurrage if actual Demurrage compensation is sought, for trucks will begin to accrue after the second (2nd) hour waiting to load at the Facility provided the truck arrived during Normal Operating Hours.  For purposes of this Agreement, the term    Demurrage    includes all costs, damages, penalties and charges resulting from any delay in loading and/or unloading of Product shipments, whether due to mechanical failure or other reasons outside the course of normal operations and not including delays resulting from the occurrence of multiple trucks arriving to load within the same general time period. 
              5.4 
    Notification of Problems with Delivery  .  Producer shall inform Gavilon of any problem regarding any shipment of Product, without delay, by fax, telephone, or email, after Producer becomes aware of any such problem.  This may include an event that could result in an unscheduled Facility shutdown, or the possible event that one or more Product orders are not available from Producer in the quantity originally set out in the Confirmed Order.  Gavilon shall inform Producer of any problems in delivering Transport Vessels in accordance with the Delivery Schedule.   
              5.5 
    Delivery Point.    For purposes of this Agreement, the term    Delivery Point    means, with respect to Transport Vessels, the location at the Facility where the Transport Vessel is received for loading, as follows: the Delivery Point for railcar shipments is the railroads   constructively placed  designation; and the Delivery Point for trucks is the arrival of the truck at the Facility within the loading hours specified in this Agreement.   Delivery Point  means, with respect to DDGs, the location at the Facility where the loading of DDGs is completed on railcars or trucks, as follows: the Delivery Point for railcar shipments is the railroads   constructively placed  designation and the Delivery Point for truck shipments is the departure of the loaded truck from the Facility. 
              5.6 
    Railcars.    Producer will provide at its cost and expense all railcars required for Gavilon to deliver the Product sold hereunder.  Consequently, railcar lease costs will not be included in Logistics Costs.  In the event Producer experiences a shortage of railcars, Gavilon will sublease, on a monthly basis, such railcars as it may have available upon request by Producer.  The monthly sublease charges will be based on market value (values proposed by Gavilon and accepted by Producer) lease costs and will be deducted from amounts otherwise payable by Gavilon to Producer. 
     6.      Possession and Title  .   
           6.1 
    Title; Risk of Loss  . Title to and risk of loss in Product purchased hereunder shall pass from Producer to Gavilon upon Delivery.  Until such time, Producer shall be deemed to be in control of and in possession of and shall have title to and risk of loss in the Product. 
              6.2 
    Responsibility for Product  .    Gavilon shall have no responsibility or liability with respect to any Product until Delivery thereof pursuant to this Agreement.  Without prejudice to Gavilon s right to reject Nonconforming Product as set forth in Section 3 and without affecting Producer s liability for the Delivery of Nonconforming Product, Producer shall have no responsibility or liability with respect to Product after its Delivery. 
     7.      Producer Representation 
           7.1 
    Producer represents and warrants that entry into this Agreement with Gavilon will not cause  
     
   E-  6 
  *  Portion omitted pursuant to request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

and/or result in a breach of any agreement in existence between Producer and any other party and that Producer is fully able to perform the terms of this Agreement and doing so will not result in or cause a breach of any obligation and/or duty that Producer has to any other Party. 
  8.      Default and Termination. 
           8.1 
    Events of Default  .    The occurrence of any of the following shall be an    Event of Default    under this Agreement: 
              8.1.1 
    Breach by either Party in the performance of any material covenant or agreement set forth in this Agreement (subject to Section 8.1.3) and such breach continues uncured for more than thirty (30) days following written notice thereof from the non-defaulting Party; or 
              8.1.2 
    If either Party becomes insolvent or generally fails to pay its debts as they come due, or makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or to an agent authorized to liquidate any substantial amount of its assets, or is adjudicated bankrupt or has a receiver or custodian appointed with respect to a substantial part of its property, or files a petition in bankruptcy, or applies to a court for the appointment of a receiver for any of its assets or properties; or 
              8.1.3 
    If either Party fails to make payment hereunder within five (5) business days following receipt of written notice from the non-defaulting Party; or 
              8.1.4 
    The making of a materially incorrect or misleading representation or warranty under this Agreement. 
              8.2 
    Remedies; Termination.    Upon an Event of Default, the non-defaulting Party shall notify the other Party thereof and shall have available all remedies set forth in this Agreement.  Without limiting the foregoing, if an Event of Default occurs and is not waived, the non-defaulting Party may immediately terminate or suspend performance under this Agreement by promptly thereafter delivering written notice thereof to the other Party.  The defaulting Party shall be responsible for any other costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys  fees and disbursements) incurred by the non-defaulting Party in connection with an Event of Default. 
              8.3 
    Right to Close Out Transactions.    Upon an Event of Default, the non-defaulting Party shall (in addition to any other rights or remedies available to it, whether at law or in equity, by contract or otherwise) have the right, upon twenty four (24) hours notice to the defaulting Party to liquidate and terminate any or all transactions then outstanding between the Parties (except to the extent that in the good faith opinion of the non-defaulting Party certain of such transactions may not be closed out and liquidated under applicable law) at any time and from time to time.  No such notice shall be required with respect to termination pursuant to Section 8.2.  The non-defaulting Party shall then calculate, in a commercially reasonable manner, a Settlement Amount (as defined below) for each transaction as of the time of its termination or as soon thereafter as is reasonably practicable and shall net such Settlement Amounts in the manner provided for below. 
     The Settlement Amount shall be due to or from the non-defaulting Party as appropriate.  In calculating a Settlement Amount, the non-defaulting Party shall discount to present value (in  
  
   E-  7 
  *  Portion omitted pursuant to request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

a commercially reasonable manner based on rates for the applicable period) any amount which would otherwise have been due at a later date and shall add interest (at a rate determined in the same manner) to any amount due prior to the date of the calculation. 
  The non-defaulting Party shall set off (i) all such Settlement Amounts that are due to the defaulting Party, plus any margin then held by the non-defaulting Party, plus (at the non-defaulting Party s election) any or all other amounts due to the defaulting Party under this Agreement, against (ii) all such Settlement Amounts that are due to the non-defaulting Party, plus (at the non-defaulting Party s election) any or all other amounts due to the non-defaulting Party under this Agreement or otherwise, so that all such amounts shall be netted to a single liquidated amount (   Net Settlement Amount   ) payable by one Party to the other.  The Party with the Net Settlement Amount shall pay such amount to the other Party within one (1) business day of demand therefor. 
  If an Event of Default occurs, the non-defaulting Party (at its election) may set off any or all amounts which the defaulting Party owes to it (whether under this Agreement or otherwise and whether or not then due) against any or all amounts which it owes to the defaulting Party (whether under this Agreement or otherwise and whether or not then due), provided that any amount not then due which is included in such setoff shall be discounted to present value as at the time of setoff (to take account of the period between the date of setoff and the date on which such amount would have otherwise been due). 
  For purposes of this Agreement,    Settlement Amount    means, with respect to each transaction arising under a Confirmed Order, the losses and costs (or gains), which the non-defaulting Party incurs as a result of a liquidation pursuant to this Section 8.3 including, but not limited to, losses and costs (or gains) based upon the then-current replacement value of such transaction (taking into account any portion of the Confirmed Order quantity already delivered as of the liquidation), together with, at the non-defaulting Party s option but without duplication, all losses and costs which such Party incurs as a result of maintaining, terminating, obtaining, or re-establishing any hedge or related trading positions. 
  9.      Confidentiality. 
           9.1 
    Nondisclosure of Confidential Information  .    Each Party acknowledges that, by reason of this Agreement it and its principals, employees, advisors, lenders, and affiliates may receive confidential or proprietary information belonging to the other Party.  In no event will the terms and conditions of this Agreement be disclosed except to the extent required by applicable law or as agreed upon in writing by both Parties.  The confidentiality obligations hereunder shall survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, confidential information may be delivered to third parties for the sole purpose of calculating a published pricing index. 
              9.2 
    Announcements  .  Any public statements, press releases, and similar announcements concerning the negotiation or consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, including such statements made by any representative of the Parties, shall be jointly planned and coordinated by the Parties..  Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, however, Producer may, without the consent of the other, make such disclosures and filings of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated herby as Producer determines to be necessary or appropriate under, or as may be required in connection with, (i) the federal and applicable state securities laws, rules, or regulations, including the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and  
     
   E-  8 
  *  Portion omitted pursuant to request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

the various rules and regulations promulgated pursuant thereto; and (ii) any court order, governmental action, legal process or by applicable law, rule of regulation (iii) any debt or equity financing as may from time to time be pursed or obtained by Producer or any affiliate of Producer, as the case may be, including to any prospective or actual lenders or investors and to actual or potential participants, assignees or transferees of any such lender or in connection with a foreclosure, assignment in lieu of foreclosure or the exercise of any rights or remedies by any such lender. Neither Party shall issue any such statement without the prior review (for which the reviewing Party shall have a minimum of five (5) business days) and consent of the other Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.  In no event will the terms and conditions of this Agreement be disclosed except to the extent required by applicable law. 
  10.      Limitation of Liability; Indemnification; Insurance. 
           10.1 
    Limitation of Liability  .    Without limiting any express remedies set forth in this Agreement, and except for any acts of willful misconduct or fraud, or damages arising from third-party product liability and product warranty claims, neither Producer nor Gavilon will be liable to each other or any third party for any indirect, consequential, punitive, exemplary or special damages, loss of business expectations, lost profits, or business or facility interruption or shut-down costs. 
              10.2 
    Indemnification  .    Each Party (the    Indemnitor   ) shall release, defend, indemnify and hold harmless the other party, its affiliates, its contractors, and their respective members, partners, directors, officers, shareholders, managers, employees, agents and representatives from and against any and all losses, damages, fines, liens, levies, penalties, claims, demands, causes of action, suits, legal or administrative proceedings, orders, governmental actions and judgments of every kind and character, and any and all costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys  fees, reasonable expert witness fees, and court costs) related thereto (collectively,    Claims   ) which arise out of, result from or relate in any way, directly or indirectly, to (a) a breach of this Agreement by the Indemnitor, or (b) the acts or omissions hereunder of the Indemnitor or its affiliates, contractors, and their respective members, partners, directors, officers, shareholders, managers, employees, agents and representatives. 
     Producer shall specifically defend, indemnify and hold Gavilon (and its respective Indemnitee Group) harmless from and against any and all Claims asserted by third parties that arise from the condition or quality of the Product sold hereunder, except to the extent such Claims are the result of the acts or omissions of Gavilon, its agents or any third party following Delivery hereunder.    
  The Party claiming indemnification shall give prompt written notice to the Indemnitor of any matter for which the Indemnitor may become liable under this provision.  Such notice shall contain full details of the matter in order to provide the Indemnitor with sufficient information to assess its potential liability and to undertake defense of the Claim. The indemnified Party shall have the right at all times to participate in the preparation for and conducting of any hearing, trial or other proceeding related to the provisions of this Section, as well as the right to appear on its own behalf at any such hearing, trial or other proceeding.  Any such participation or appearance by the indemnified Party shall be at its sole cost and expense.  The indemnified Party shall cooperate in all reasonable respects with the Indemnitor and its counsel in defending any Claims and shall not take any action that is reasonably likely to be detrimental to such defense.  The Indemnitor shall obtain written approval from the indemnified Party  
  
   E-  9 
  *  Portion omitted pursuant to request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

prior to any settlement that might impose obligations or restrictions on the indemnified Party. 
           10.3 
    Insurance.    Each Party shall, during the Term, provide the insurance coverages as set forth in   Exhibit  B   . 
     11.      Force Majeure. 
           11.1 
    Force Majeure  .    In the event either Party hereto is rendered unable by reason of Force Majeure, to carry out its obligations under this Agreement, such Party shall promptly give written notice and reasonably complete particulars of such Force Majeure to the other Party stating the obligation(s) the performance of which are, or are expected to be, delayed or prevented.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the obligations of the notifying Party shall be suspended during and to the extent affected by Force Majeure and such event shall, so far as possible, be remedied with all reasonable dispatch. 
              11.2 
    Definition of Force Majeure  .  The term    Force Majeure    shall mean any act, event or circumstance not reasonably within the control of the Party claiming suspension and which, by the exercise of due diligence, such Party is unable to prevent or overcome.  Such term shall include, but not be limited to: (i) acts of God, (ii) strikes, lockouts or other industrial acts of the public enemy, (iii) wars, blockades, insurrections, riots, epidemics, acts of terrorism, (iv) transportation shortages, (v) landslides, lightning, earthquakes, fires, storms, floods, washouts, (vi) civil disturbances, and (vii) explosions.  The term  Force Majeure  shall specifically include those events affecting any of Gavilon s transporters of Product as well as regulatory changes which make the production and sale of Product unfeasible, but shall otherwise exclude any economic or commercial changes involving the production of Product. 
     12.      Risk Management; Reporting  . 
           12.1 
    Monitoring of Positions  .  Gavilon will monitor Product sales made hereunder and may, from time to time, make suggestions concerning Producer s risk management program and the position of its Product sales for future physical delivery. 
              12.2 
    Marketing Conditions  .  On an as needed basis, but not less frequently than weekly, Gavilon will review with Producer market conditions relating to Product, and forward marketing strategies in an attempt to assist Producer in maximizing its revenue on Product sales.  It is understood by Producer that all risk management services must be tied to a valid written purchase contract requiring physical delivery of Product to Gavilon. 
              12.3 
    No Liability  .  Producer recognizes that Gavilon s monitoring of Product positions, periodic suggestions, review of market conditions and risk management services are informational and optional, and that the final decisions considering sales and risk management strategies, and the implementation of such strategies, will be made by, and is the sole responsibility of, Producer.  Gavilon is not responsible for any Producer losses or entitled to any Producer gains resulting from risk management information supplied by Gavilon. 
     
   E-  10 
  *  Portion omitted pursuant to request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

13.      Notices.    Except as specifically otherwise provided herein, any notice or other written matter required or permitted to be given hereunder by one Party to the other Party shall be deemed to be sufficiently given if delivered by hand or by nationally-recognized overnight courier, or sent by U.S. mail (certified mail, return receipt requested), and addressed as follows:  
  If to Gavilon:    Gavilon Ingredients, LLC 
  Eleven ConAgra Drive, STE  11-160 
  Omaha, NE 68102-5011  
  Attn:    VP, Ingredients 
    
  With copy to:    Legal Department 
  Gavilon Ingredients, LLC 
  Eleven ConAgra Drive, STE  11-160 
  Omaha, NE  68102 
    
  If to Producer:           Lincolnway Energy, LLC 
  59511 W. Lincoln Hwy 
  Nevada, IA  50201 
  Attn: Eric Hakmiller 
    
  Any notice or other written matter shall be deemed to have been given and received: if delivered by hand, on the date of delivery; and, if sent by telecopy, on the business day following the sending of the notice. 
  14.      Miscellaneous. 
           14.1 
    Assignment  .    Neither Party may assign any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party, not to be unreasonably withheld.  A change in fifty percent (50%) or more in the ownership of a Party shall be construed to be an assignment for purposes of this Section. The above notwithstanding, either Party may, without the need for consent from the other Party: (i) transfer, sell, pledge, encumber or assign this Agreement, including the revenues or proceeds hereof, in connection with any financing arrangements; (ii) transfer or assign this Agreement to an affiliate as long as the affiliate is at least as creditworthy as the other Party; or (iii) transfer or assign this Agreement to an entity succeeding to all or substantially all of the assets of the other Party by way of merger, reorganization or otherwise.  No assignment permitted hereunder shall in any way relieve the assigning Party from liability for full performance hereunder. 
              14.2 
    Records.    Each Party will establish and maintain true and accurate books, records and accounts relating to their own transactions under this Agreement with respect to all Prices charged, payments made, and quantities of Product delivered hereunder.  These books, records and accounts will be preserved by the applicable Party for a period of at least one (1) year after the expiration of the term of this Agreement, but in no event longer than seven (7) years from the date of creation. 
              14.3 
    Audit Rights.    Upon five (5) business days notice and during normal business hours each Party has the right to audit such books, records and accounts of the other Party to the extent necessary in order to verify the accuracy of any statement, charge, computation or demand made under or pursuant to any provision of this Agreement.  If any material error is discovered in any statement rendered hereunder, such error will be adjusted within seven (7) days from  
     
   E-  11 
  *  Portion omitted pursuant to request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

the date of discovery, but no adjustment will be made for errors discovered more than two years after delivery and receipt of such statements.  Any error or discrepancy detected which has led to an overpayment or an underpayment between the Parties shall be corrected by an appropriate balancing payment to the underpaid Party or by a refund by the overpaid Party. 
           14.4 
    Inurement  .   This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the respective successors and permitted assigns of the Parties. 
              14.5 
    Entire Agreement  .   This Agreement and the Exhibits attached hereto constitute the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter contained herein and any and all previous agreements, written or oral, express or implied, between the Parties or on their behalf relating to the matters contained herein are hereby terminated and canceled.  In the event of a conflict between the terms of this Agreement and any Confirmed Orders, this Agreement shall govern. 
     For avoidance of doubt, the Parties agree that the provisions of Sections 8, 9, 10, 12, and 15 of the Terms and Conditions of a sales contract sent for any Confirmed Orders between Producer and Gavilon shall not apply provided that, such exclusion shall in no way render any provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, Section 8 of this Agreement) inapplicable. 
           14.6 
    Amendments  .    There will be no modification of the term and provisions hereof except by the mutual agreement in writing signed by the Parties. 
              14.7 
    Financial Information.    If requested by a Party hereto, the other Party shall deliver within one hundred twenty (120) days following the end of each fiscal year, a copy of its audited consolidated financial statements for such fiscal year certified by independent certified public accountants.  In all cases the statements shall be for the most recent accounting period and prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied; provided, however, should any such statements not be available timely due to a delay in preparation or certification, such delay shall not be considered a default so long as the Party providing the statements diligently pursues the preparation, certification and delivery of the statements.  
              14.8 
    Trade Rules; Governing Law; Venue  .   All purchases and sales made hereunder shall be governed by the Feed Trade Rules of the National Grain and Feed Association (   NGFA   ).  In the event of a conflict between the terms set forth in this Agreement and the NGFA Rules the terms set forth herein shall control.  The Agreement will otherwise be interpreted, construed and enforced in accordance with the procedural, substantive and other laws of the State of Nebraska without giving effect to principles and provisions thereof relating to conflict or choice of law even though one or more of the Parties is now or may do business in or become a resident of a different state.  All disputes arising out of this Agreement shall be submitted to binding arbitration in accordance with the NGFA Rules.  EACH PARTY HEREIN WAIVES ITS RESPECTIVE RIGHT TO ANY JURY TRIAL WITH RESPECT TO ANY LITIGATION ARISING UNDER, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY CONFIRMED ORDER.  
              14.9 
    Cumulative Remedies  .    Unless otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, the rights, powers, and remedies of each of the Parties provided in this Agreement are cumulative and the exercise of any right, power or remedy under this Agreement does not affect any other  
     
   E-  12 
  *  Portion omitted pursuant to request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

right, power or remedy that may be available to either Party under this Agreement or otherwise at law or in equity. 
           14.10 
    No Partnership  .   This Agreement shall not create or be construed to create in any respect a partnership or any agency or joint venture relationship between the Parties. 
       
           14.11 
    Costs To Be Borne by Each Party  .   Producer and Gavilon shall pay its own costs and expenses incurred in the negotiation, preparation and execution of this Agreement and of all documents referred to in it. 
       
           14.12 
    Counterparts  .   This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts with the same effect as if Producer and Gavilon had signed the same document and all counterparts will be construed together and constituted as one and the same instrument. 
       
           14.13 
    Severability  .   Any provision of this Agreement, which is or becomes prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or impair the remaining provisions of this Agreement, and the remaining terms of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. 
       
           14.14 
    Forward Contract/Forward Contract Merchants.    The Parties agree that each of them is a forward contract merchant as set forth in 11 U.S.C.  101 (25).  The Parties also agree that this Agreement is a forward contract as defined in 11 U.S.C.  101 (25).  The payments and transfers described herein shall constitute    Settlement Payments    or margin as set forth in 11 U.S.C.    101 (51A) and (38). 
       
           14.15 
    Headings; Construction  .    The article and section headings used herein are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement.  Unless the context of this Agreement otherwise requires, (i) words using the singular or plural number shall also include the plural or singular number, respectively; and (ii) the terms  hereof,   herein,   hereby,   hereto,  and derivative or similar words shall refer to this entire Agreement.  The Agreement is the product of negotiation by and among the Parties hereto.  The Agreement shall be interpreted and constructed neutrally as to all Parties, without any Party deemed to be the drafter of the Agreement.  Any word, phrase or expression that is not defined in this Agreement and that has a generally accepted meaning in the custom and usage in the renewable fuels industry shall have that meaning in this Agreement. 
       
           14.16 
    Waiver  .  No delay or omission in the exercise of any right, power, or remedy hereunder shall impair such right, power, or remedy or be construed to be a waiver of any default or acquiescence therein. 
       
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 
    
  GAVILON INGREDIENTS, LLC            LINCOLNWAY ENERGY, LLC   

By:   /s/    Corey Dencklau                  By:   /s/ Eric Hakmiller     
  Name:       Corey Dencklau                  Name:   Eric Hakmiller 
  Title:       VP Ingredients                      Title:    President -Lincolnway 
  
   E-  13 
  *  Portion omitted pursuant to request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

EXHIBIT  A              PLANNING, ORDERING AND DELIVERY OF PRODUCT    
  1.      Delivery Schedule  .  The parties shall jointly develop a schedule (the    Delivery Schedule   ) that will serve as the formal planning tool for Product to be delivered.  
  The specific format of the Delivery Schedule will be mutually created by the Parties to accommodate the required information outlined above.  Gavilon shall review the initial draft of the Delivery Schedule and advise Producer of inventory management, transportation and logistics issues upon receipt.  Gavilon shall amend the Delivery Schedule to reflect dates and quantities for each Delivery of Product under Confirmed Orders, and the expected mode of transport for these shipments.  The Delivery Schedule will be updated and submitted daily each morning to reflect prior day s Deliveries or other operational changes.  Producer will be notified immediately when new truck orders for Delivery added during a day to be picked up that same day occur.  Producer and Gavilon will establish at the start of each week how many rail Deliveries are to be expected and which days they will occur on.  Producer will update Gavilon as needed on changes to this schedule.   
  2.      Confirmed Orders  .  Each purchase and sale of Product hereunder shall be consummated by conversational approval via phone, email or instant message acknowledged by Gavilon and Producer (each, a    Confirmed Order   ) and  shall be evidenced by a separate sales contract, sent by Gavilon to Producer, substantially in the form of   Exhibit  C    attached hereto.  Each Confirmed Order shall specify the quantity, Delivery date(s), the Price, or Price referenced to a Market Value, and any such other information as the Parties may agree to include.  Producer shall execute the applicable Confirmed Order and email the executed document to Gavilon.  Confirmed Orders may be executed in counterpart and signatures exchanged by email shall be binding to the same extent as the original, with the executing Party waiving any requirement that the receiving Party produce or otherwise evidence the existence or delivery of the original.  To the extent that any terms of any Confirmed Order conflict with the terms of this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall govern, unless, both Parties have specifically expressed their intent in writing to supersede the terms of this Agreement. 
  3.      Forward Liquidity and Market Tenor  .  It is understood that the forward tenor on all bids will be based on, and limited by, market volatility and other factors including Producer s creditworthiness.   
  4.      Delivery Schedule Deviations  .  The Parties recognize the need to maintain a degree of flexibility to accommodate unexpected changes in the Facility operating capacity, and changing Product market conditions.  Upon notification by either Party of any  deviations that potentially impact the normal business operations of the Producer, Gavilon or the end user to the Delivery Schedule, the Parties agree to work in good faith to jointly resolve any such discovered deviations and correct such deviations within fifteen (15) days following first notification. 
  
   E-  14 
  *  Portion omitted pursuant to request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

5.      Liability Disclaimer  .  Each of the Parties understands and agrees that except for quantity, type, quality and price quotations confirmed by the Parties in Confirmed Orders pursuant to this   Exhibit  A   , the planned production rates, estimated costs, pricing and market information, and all other information furnished by the Parties in the preparation of the Delivery Schedules is for planning and informational purposes only. Neither Party shall be responsible to the other for any actions taken in reliance on such estimates, plans and other information. 
  6.      Contact Information  .    Each Party shall appoint at least one (1) person to act as the point of contact regarding delivery coordination, preparation of Delivery Schedules, orders and order confirmation, and other technical and logistical questions relating to Product or the delivery thereof.  The respective contact persons shall, unless notified otherwise, be as follows: 
                         Producer:             
                                                                                        Eric Hakmiller 
                   Lincolnway Energy, LLC 
  59511 W. Lincoln Hwy 
  Nevada, IA  50201         
  Phone:        515-817-0161 
  E-Mail:        ehakmiller@lincolnwayenergy.com 
    
  Gavilon:                          Corey Dencklau  
  Eleven ConAgra Drive (11-160) 
  Omaha, NE 68102 
  Phone:        (402) 889-4397 
  E-Mail:                  Corey.Dencklau@gavilon.com 

E-  15 
  *  Portion omitted pursuant to request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

EXHIBIT  B              INSURANCE COVERAGES 
  Each Party shall purchase, maintain and provide proof (via Certificate of Insurance) of the following insurance: 
  A.    Commercial General Liability Insurance - $2,000,000 per occurrence and $2,000,000 aggregate.  Such Policy shall include coverage for liability resulting from Premises/Operations, Products and Completed Operations, Blanket and Contractual Liability, Products Liability, Personal Injury and Advertising Injury.  Policy shall also included coverage for Broad Form Property Damage, including explosion, collapse and underground hazards.  Such insurance shall be on an occurrence basis.    
    
  B.    Workers  Compensation and Employers Liability Insurance including a waiver of subrogation.  Such insurance shall include but not be limited to: 
    
  (i)  Statutory liability under the workers  compensation laws of the state of Iowa. 
  (ii)  Employers  Liability (Part B) with limits of at least $1,000,000 each accident, $1,000,000 by disease policy limit, $1,000,000 by disease each employee.   
  C.    Commercial Automobile Liability Insurance with a $1,000,000 Combined Single Limit, and including coverage for liability resulting from the operation of all owned, non-owned and hired automobiles.  Such insurance shall be on an occurrence basis.   
  D.    Each Party shall also carry excess or umbrella liability insurance with limits of at least $4,000,000 per occurrence for bodily injury or property damage in excess of the limits afforded for general liability and automobile liability provided above. 
  Each party shall name the other as  additional insured  on policies listed in A and C above.  All required policies of insurance shall be endorsed to provide that the insurance company shall notify the certificate holder at least thirty (30) days prior to the effective date of any cancellation or material change of such policies.  All insurance companies shall have an A.M. Best rating of A- VII or better. 

E-  16 
  *  Portion omitted pursuant to request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

EXHIBIT  C  
  FORM OF CONFIRMED ORDER 
  BUYER AND SELLER HEREBY AGREE TO, AND CONFIRM, THE PURCHASE AND SALE OF THE REFERENCED COMMODITIES, SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS STATED BELOW AND ON THE REVERSE SIDE OF THIS CONFIRMATION. FAILURE TO ADVISE GAVILON VIA E-MAIL, FAX, OR OTHER WRITTEN FORM WITHIN FIVE (5) BUSINESS DAYS FOLLOWING YOUR RECEIPT OF THIS CONFIRMATION OF ANY DISCREPANCY, OBJECTION TO, OR DISAGREEMENT WITH THIS CONFIRMATION SHALL RESULT IN THIS CONFIRMATION'S AUTOMATICALLY BEING DEEMED ACCEPTED BY YOU.  
  [Letterhead] 
  Contract of Purchase  
    
  Seller:      Date:   _________________ 
  [SELLER ADDRESS]    Our No:   _______________ 
  _________________    Your No:   ______________ 
  _________________    Broker: Broker No:  _______ 
  _________________    Broker Cont.  ____________ 
  Buyer:  
  GAVILON INGREDIENTS, LLC-OMAHA   11     CONAGRA DRIVE OMAHA NE 68102 Ph#: (402)889-4371  
  Commodity:         DISTILLER'S GRAINS  
  Quantity:                                       Vomitoxin: Not to exceed 5 ppm 
  Shipment:                                   Aflatoxin: Not to exceed 20 ppb 
  Price:                            
  Shipping Basis:                        
  Weights To Apply:                        
  Terns:                            
  Remarks:        

GAVILON INGREDIENTS, LLC   OMAHA    [SELLER] 
    
  By ____________________________    By:  ___________________________ 
  NOTE: The lack of a signature shall not prevent a valid and binding agreement from being formed between the parties.  
  The provisions of: (a) the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act ("E-Sign"); (b) the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act ("UETA"); and (c) Amended Article 2 of the Uniform Commercial Code relating to electronic contracting ("Amended Article 2") shall apply to this contract. In the event of a conflict between or among the provisions of any of the foregoing, such conflict shall be resolved as follows:   (y)   the provisions of E-Sign shall have precedence over those of UETA; and (z) the provisions of UETA shall have precedence over those of Amended Article 2. However, all such provisions shall be reasonably interpreted so as to avoid conflicts between or among them.  Nothing in this provision shall be interpreted or deemed to be a waiver of any other rule of evidence governing the admissibility of an Imaged Document. 

E-  17 
  *  Portion omitted pursuant to request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Terms and Conditions  
    
  1. Whether or not Seller is an active member of any of the following associations, and to the extent not inconsistent with the terms and conditions of this Contract, the rules, regulations and standards of the following associations (the "Associations") shall apply respectively to each of the commodities governed thereby: the National Grain and Feed Association, the American Fats and Oils Association, the National Oilseed Processors Association, the American Dehydrators Association, the Canadian Oilseed Processors Association, and the National Cottonseed Products Association. If more than one Association purports to govern a given commodity, the rules and regulations of the association appearing later in the list shall apply. 
  2. Buyer and Seller may be collectively referred to as "the Parties" or individually as "the Party". 
  3. Whether or not an active member of any of the Associations referenced in Paragraph I hereof, Seller acknowledges that it understands the provisions of the applicable Association's rules, regulations and standards, and Seller agrees to be bound thereby. The Parties agree to settle any controversies hereunder by arbitration, that the arbitration rules of the applicable Association shall be the basis of said arbitration or if the applicable Association does not have arbitration rules, then according to the rules of the American Arbitration Association, and that the decision and award determined by such arbitration shall be final and binding upon the Parties. 
  4. It is agreed that neither Party to this Contract shall delegate the performance of any obligation hereunder nor assign any rights arising hereunder, to any third person without the prior written consent of the other Party. 
  5. Seller warrants that commodities delivered under this Contract will be free and clear, from and after time of Delivery, of any security interest, lien, claim or encumbrance and that Seller has good and merchantable title thereto. Seller agrees that should any lien, security interest or encumbrance be claimed against any commodity sold hereunder, Seller will immediately cause the same to be discharged and terminated; and, will hold Buyer harmless therefrom; and, indemnity Buyer from any costs or losses incurred as a result of such claim. 
  6. Seller expressly represents and warrants that the commodity or commodities hereby purchased are of the grade indicated, and if none is indicated, that the commodity or commodities are suitable for feeding to poultry and livestock and in no event shall have a vomitoxin content exceeding 5 parts per million or an aflatoxin content exceeding 20 parts per billion. Seller indemnifies and holds Buyer harmless against any liability, loss, cost, expense or damage related to the failure of any portion of the commodities purchased hereunder to meet Food and Drug Administration or other applicable governmental agency's rules, regulations and standards for said commodity, as well as the applicable Association's (as referenced in paragraph I hereof) rules, regulations, and standards for such commodity. Buyer's payment will not constitute acceptance of a commodity sold hereunder or serve to waive Buyer's rights to reject the commodity or recover damages should the commodity fail to comply with the terms or specifications of this Contract. Buyer specifically reserves all rights and remedies available to it under the applicable Association's (referenced in Paragraph I hereof) rules, regulations, and standards; and the Uniform Commercial Code in effect within the jurisdiction under which this Contract is governed, if any of the commodity sold hereunder fails to comply with the warranties, descriptions, and requirements set forth in this Contract, or the applicable Association's rules, regulations, and standards. In addition to and without waiving any of Buyer's other remedies hereunder, Buyer may, at its sole option, request that the Seller replace any or all portions of any shipment of commodities hereunder which fails to comply with the terms of this Contract; said replacement shipment to be at Sellers sole cost and expense and occur within seven (7)days of Sellers receipt of Buyer s notice of the commodity's non-compliance with this Contract. 
  7. Buyer expressly reserves the right to cancel this Contract within the meaning of UCC section 2106 based upon the occurrence of any of the following: (a) the insolvency or financial condition of Seller; (b) the appointment for taking possession of any Seller's assets or any part thereof by any third party, including a trustee, receiver, creditor or other party; (c) the breach of any warranty; or, (d) any other defaults hereunder. 
  8. This Contract assumes Buyer is purchasing free-flowing commodities. In the event any commodity arrives at its destination and does not freely flow, Buyer reserves the right to reject the shipment. If Buyer rejects the shipment Seller shall be responsible for all transportation, rail, freight and delivery charges. 
  9. In the event Seller breaches this Contract in any manner, Seller shall be liable to Buyer for any and all damages, including consequential damages, incidental damages, and any lost profits incurred as a result thereof and shall pay Buyers reasonable attorney fees, court costs and expenses incurred in the enforcement of this Contract and any collection activities related thereto. 
  10. In the event that a party hereto (the "Defaulting Party") becomes insolvent, or suffers or consents to or applies for the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or liquidator of itself or any obits property, or generally fails to pay its debts as they become due, or makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, or seeks reorganization, in order to effect a plan or other arrangement with creditors or any other relief under the Bankruptcy Code, Title II of the United States Code, as amended or recodified from time to time, or under any state or federal law granting relief to debtors then the other party (the ''Non-defaulting Party") may (i) immediately cancel this Contract and all other Contracts between the parties hereto, (ii) liquidate such cancelled Contracts in a commercially reasonable manner, and (iii) aggregate such liquidated amounts into a single liquidated settlement amount (the "Settlement Amount") due, which shall be due and payable two (2) business days after written notice by the Non-defaulting Party. In addition, the Non-defaulting Party may set-off any amounts owed by the Defaulting Party to the Non-defaulting Party under any other agreements between the parties against any Settlement Amount owed by the Non-defaulting Party to the Defaulting Party hereunder. The parties agree that each of them is a forward contract merchant as set forth in II U.S.C. Section 101(25). The parties also agree that this Contract and any other commodity contract between the parties are all forward contracts as defined in II U.S.C. Section 101(25). The payments and transfers described herein shall constitute "Settlement Payments" or "Margin Payments" as set forth in II U.S.C. Sections 101(5IA) and (38).   
  11. Railcars must be loaded to capacity as required by railroad companies. Seller to pay weighing, inspection, trackage, and interest charges, if any. reconsigned rail cars cannot be utilized on this Contract unless consented to by Buyer in writing prior to loading. Buyer reserves the right to change destination offal shipments prior to departure of the railcar from Sellers facility. 
  12. If confirmation calls for Delivery beyond fourteen (14) days from the date of this Contract, Buyer may demand from Seller a margin deposit often percent (10%) of the gross value of this Contract to be considered as margin on equity, and Buyer may demand such further payments from Seller as may be necessary to maintain a deposit on this Contract often percent (10%) of the gross value of this Contract, plus an amount equal to the difference between the contract-price-value and the prevailing market price-value, if the market is above the Contract price. Seller agrees to pay such margin on demand and if not paid, Buyer may exercise the same rights as if Seller had defaulted on this Contract. 
  13. Each Party consents to the recording of all telephone conversations between its representatives and the representatives of the other Party. 
  14. Any provision of this Contract which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
  15. Seller warrants it has read this Contract in its entirety and understands its terms and legal effect. This Contract constitutes the entire understanding between the Parties hereto and no modification or amendment of this Contract shall be valid or binding unless agreed to by both Parties and confirmed by a writing signed by the party to be charged. Seller agrees that the terms hereof are acceptable and that Seller intends to be bound by the terms of this Contract even if said terms differ from or conflict with the terms or conditions contained in Sellers offer, acceptance on form of contract for such purchase. 
  16. Unless otherwise exempt, this Contract incorporates by reference the EEO Clause contained in 41 C.F.R. Sections 60-1.4, 60-741.5, and 60-250.5. 
  17. Any original contract and/or transaction confirmation relating to a transaction between the parties may be converted to and saved in electronic format (the "Imaged Document"). Each party waives any objection it may have to the admissibility of such Imaged Document in any judicial, arbitration, mediation, administrative, or other proceeding involving the parties to the extent such objection is based on any rule of evidence that: (a) requires authentication or identification of the Imaged Document; (b) requires an original document; or (c) governs the admissibility of duplicates. In addition, each party acknowledges that Imaged Documents are business records within the meaning of the business records exception to the hearsay rule. 

E-  18 
  *  Portion omitted pursuant to request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

</EX-10.27>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 exhibit311fy201610k.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1 LWE 201609

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

RULE 13a-14(a) CERTIFICATION 
    
    I, Eric Hakmiller, certify that: 
    
  1.        I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Lincolnway Energy, LLC. 
    
  2.        Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
    
  3.        Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
    
  4.        The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
  (a)        Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  (b)        Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  (c)        Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  (d)        Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
    
  5.        The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
  (a)        All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
    
  (b)        Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  Date:    December 12, 2016  .                /s/ Eric Hakmiller                                         
  Eric Hakmiller, President and Chief Financial Officer 
  
   E-19 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 exhibit312fy201610k.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2 LWE 201609

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

RULE 13a-14(a) CERTIFICATION 
    
    I, Kristine Strum, certify that: 
    
  1.        I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Lincolnway Energy, LLC. 
    
  2.        Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
    
  3.        Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
    
  4.        The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
  (a)        Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  (b)        Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  (c)        Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  (d)        Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
    
  5.        The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
  (a)        All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
    
  (b)        Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  Date:    December 12, 2016  .                 /s/ Kristine Strum                                                    
    Kristine Strum, Director of Finance 

E-20 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 exhibit321fy201610k.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1 LWE 201609

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
    
  SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION 
    
  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, I, Eric Hakmiller, President and Chief Executive Officer of Lincolnway Energy, LLC, certify that to my knowledge (i) Lincolnway Energy, LLC's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016   (the "Report") fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Lincolnway Energy, LLC. 
    
  Date:    December 12, 2016    

/s/     Eric Hakmiller                                                
    Eric Hakmiller, President and Chief Executive Officer 
       
  [A signed original of this written statement has been provided to Lincolnway Energy, LLC and will be retained by Lincolnway Energy, LLC and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.] 

E-21 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 exhibit322fy201610k.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2 LWE 201609

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
    
  SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION 
    
  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, I, Kristine Strum, Director of Finance, of Lincolnway Energy, LLC, certify that to my knowledge (i) Lincolnway Energy, LLC's Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016   (the "Report") fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Lincolnway Energy, LLC. 
    
  Date:    December 12, 2016 

/s/ Kristine Strum                                                  
  Kristine Strum, Director of Finance 

[A signed original of this written statement has been provided to Lincolnway Energy, LLC and will be retained by Lincolnway Energy, LLC and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.] 

E-22 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 lwenergy-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 lwenergy-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 lwenergy-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 lwenergy-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 lwenergy-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 lwenergy-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

