<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161230_10-KT_edgar_data_1634293_0001690824-16-000006_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1483819</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>127953</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>365491</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>318660</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>313221</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>302703</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>15</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001690824-16-000006.hdr.sgml : 20161230
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161230162441
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001690824-16-000006
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-KT
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		33
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161230
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161230

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Exceed World, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001634293
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				473002566
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-KT
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55377
		FILM NUMBER:		162077824

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1-23-38-6F, ESAKACHO, SUITA-SHI
		CITY:			OSAKA
		STATE:			M0
		ZIP:			564-0063
		BUSINESS PHONE:		401-641-0405

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1-23-38-6F, ESAKACHO, SUITA-SHI
		CITY:			OSAKA
		STATE:			M0
		ZIP:			564-0063

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Brilliant Acquisition,Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150218

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001690824-16-000006.txt : 20161230

10-KT
 1
 exceed_10kttbf.htm
 10-KT

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549   

FORM 10-KT  

FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED ____________ .   

  OR  

For the transition period from December 1,
2015 to September 30, 2016  

  COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 000-55377  

Exceed World, Inc.   

  Formerly Known as Brilliant Acquisition,
Inc.  

  (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter)  

Securities to be registered under Section 12(b)
of the Act: None  

 Securities to be registered under Section 12(g)
of the Exchange Act:  

Title of each class  

Name of each exchange on which 
         registered  

Common Stock, $.0001   
       
       N/A   

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 [ ] Yes [X] No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 [ ] Yes [X] No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 [X] Yes [ ] No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

 [X] Yes [ ] No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (  229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III
of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

 [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer or a small reporting company. See definition of
large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and small reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Large accelerated filer [ ] Accelerated filer
[ ] Non-accelerated filer [ ] Smaller reporting company [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

[ ] Yes [X] No 

As of May 31, 2016, the aggregate market
value of the voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant (without admitting that any person whose shares are not
included in such calculation is an affiliate) was approximately $0. 

As of December 30, 2016, there were 20,000,000 shares of the Registrant s
common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

   Exceed
World, Inc.   

PART I   

PAGE    
 
       Item 1   
       Business   
       
      1   
 
       Item 1A   
       Risk Factors   
       
      3   
 
       Item 1B   
       Unresolved Staff Comments   
       
      7   
 
       Item 2   
       Properties   
       
      7   
 
       Item 3   
       Legal Proceedings   
       
      7   
 
       Item 4   
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
       
      7   

PART II   

Item 5   
       Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   
       
      7   
 
       Item 6   
       Selected Financial Data   
       
      8   
 
       Item 7   
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
       
      8   
 
       Item 7A   
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
       
      8   
 
       Item 8   
       Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   
       
      F1-F9   
 
       Item 9   
       Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   
       
      9   
 
       Item 9A   
       Controls and Procedures   
       
      9   
 
       Item 9B   
       Other Information   
       
      9   

PART III   

Item 10   
       Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   
       
      10   
 
       Item 11   
       Executive Compensation   
       
      11   
 
       Item 12   
       Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   
       
      12   
 
       Item 13   
       Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   
       
      12   
 
       Item 14   
       Principal Accounting Fees and Services   
       
      12   

PART IV   

Item 15   
       Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules   
       
      13   

Signatures   
       
      13   

Table of Contents  

PART I  

Item 1. Business.   

Corporate History  

The Company was originally incorporated with the name Brilliant
Acquisition, Inc., under the laws of the State of Delaware on November 25, 2014, with an objective to acquire, or merge with, an
operating business. 

On January 12, 2016, Thomas DeNunzio of 780 Reservoir Avenue, #123,
Cranston, RI 02910, the sole shareholder of the Company, entered into a Share Purchase Agreement (the  Agreement )
with e-Learning Laboratory Co., Ltd. ( e-Learning ), with an address at 1-23-38-6F, Esakacho, Suita-shi, Osaka 564-0063
Japan. Pursuant to the Agreement, Mr. DeNunzio transferred to e-Learning Laboratory Co., Ltd., 20,000,000 shares of our common
stock which represents all of our issued and outstanding shares. 

Following the closing of the share purchase transaction, e-Learning
gained a 100% interest in the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock and became the controlling shareholder of the Company. 

On January 12, 2016, the Company changed its name to Exceed World,
Inc. and filed with the Delaware Secretary of State, a Certificate of Amendment. 

On January 12, 2016, Mr. Thomas DeNunzio resigned as our Chief Executive
Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Director, Secretary, and Treasurer. The resignation was not the result of any disagreement
with us on any matter relating to our operations, policies or practices. 

On January 12, 2016, Mr. Tomoo Yoshida was appointed as our Chief
Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Director, Secretary, and Treasurer. 

On February 29, 2016, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase
Agreement with Tomoo Yoshida, our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Director, Secretary, and Treasurer.
Pursuant to this Agreement, Tomoo Yoshida transferred to Exceed World, Inc., 10 shares of the common stock of E F Co., Ltd.,
a Japan corporation ( E F ), which represents all of its issued and outstanding shares in consideration of $4,835
(JPY 500,000). Following the effective date of the share purchase transaction on February 29, 2016, Exceed World, Inc. gained
a 100% interest in the issued and outstanding shares of E F s common stock and E F became a wholly owned subsidiary
of Exceed World.    On August 4, 2016, the E F changed its name to School
TV Co., Ltd ( School TV ) and filed with the Legal Affairs Bureau in Osaka, Japan.  

On April 1, 2016, e-Learning Laboratory Co.,
Ltd. entered into stock purchase agreements with 7 Japanese shareholders. Pursuant to these agreements, e-Learning Laboratory Co.,
Ltd. sold 140,000 shares of common stock in total to these individuals and received $270 as aggregate consideration. Each shareholder
paid .215 Japanese Yen per share. At the time of purchase the price paid per share by each shareholder was the equivalent of about
..002 USD.  

 The aforementioned sale of shares was exempt
from registration in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended ( Regulation S ) because
the above sales of the stock were made to non-U.S. persons (as defined under Rule 902 section (k)(2)(i) of Regulation S), pursuant
to offshore transactions, and no directed selling efforts were made in the United States by the issuer, a distributor, any of their
respective affiliates, or any person acting on behalf of any of the foregoing. 

  On August 1, 2016, the Company changed
its fiscal year end from November 30 to September 30.  

 On August 9, 2016, e-Learning Laboratory Co.,
Ltd. entered into stock purchase agreements with 33 Japanese shareholders. Pursuant to these agreements, e-Learning Laboratory
Co., Ltd. sold 3,300 shares of common stock in total to these individuals and received $330 as aggregate consideration. Each shareholder
paid 10 Japanese Yen per share. At the time of purchase the price paid per share by each shareholder was the equivalent of about
0.1 USD.  

 These shares were sold pursuant to the Company s
effective S-1 Registration Statement deemed effective on July 20, 2016 at 4pm EST.  

 On October 28, 2016, Exceed World, Inc., a Delaware corporation,
(the  Company ), with the approval of its board of directors and its majority shareholders by written consent in lieu
of a meeting, authorized the cancellation of shares owned by e-Learning Laboratory Co, Ltd. e-Learning Laboratory Co, Ltd. has
provided consent for the cancellation of shares. The total number of shares cancelled was 19,000,000 shares which was comprised
of 16,500,000 restricted common shares and 2,500,000 free trading shares. 

Shareholder s name: e-Learning Laboratory
Co., Ltd. 

On October 28, 2016, every one (1) share of
Common Stock, par value $.0001 per share, of the Corporation issued and outstanding was automatically reclassified and changed
into twenty (20) shares fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock of the Corporation, par value $.0001 per share. ( 20-for-1
Forward Stock Split ) No fractional shares were issued. The authorized number of shares, and par value per share, of Common
Stock are not affected by the 20-for-1 Forward Stock Split. 

On October 28, 2016, we filed a Certificate
of Amendment with the Delaware Secretary of State. The effective date of the 20-for-1 Forward Stock Split was upon the acceptance
of the Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. The Certificate of Amendment can be found
as Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed November 1, 2016. 

*Currently, we operate through our wholly owned subsidiary, School
TV Co., Ltd., of which is engaged in the distribution and sale of health related products to consumers throughout Japan. 

Our principal executive offices are located at 1-1-36, 1-2-38-8F,
Esaka-cho, Suita-shi, Osaka 564-0063, Japan. Our phone number is +81-6-6339-4117. 

-  1 - 

Table of Contents  

Nature of Business  

*The chart above does not depict when we make direct sales to consumers.  

As depicted in the diagram above School TV Co., Ltd., herein
referred to as  School TV  is our wholly owned subsidiary through whom we operate exclusively at this time.
School TV sells health related consumer goods to distributors and consumers alike. At this time School TV primarily operates
under the operational model of  drop shipping.  It should be noted however, that School TV does hold inventory
and sell products directly to the consumer from time to time. For products sold through our drop shipping model, after a
purchase order has been filled out by a consumer the product is shipped out by School TV s suppliers, rather than
School TV. At this point in time School TV sends a portion of the proceeds from the sale of any our products directly to
suppliers. Revenues generated from inventory held directly by School TV are retained by School TV. We are responsible for
shipping goods sold that come from our own supply of inventory. 

School TV has acquired its physical inventory, which will be
explained in further detail below, from suppliers, and has plans to acquire additional inventory from as of yet unidentified
suppliers. This inventory is used for direct sales but will also be used for display purposes once a storefront and/or
website has been created and established. Currently, School TV has a definitive plan for acquiring an online marketplace and
or website but does not have a concrete plan for acquiring a storefront. In the future, as operations progress and revenue is
generated, it is an option which we may begin exploring but there can be, at this time, no guarantees that we will obtain a storefront.
 Potential new suppliers, which we
will begin the process of identifying going forward (albeit with no concrete timeline in place as of this date), will assist
us in expanding our inventory to cater to an even greater portion of the Japanese population. 

Products   

Current Inventory   

Currently, we hold inventory comprised of the above goods which
we value at $108,548. The products were purchased at wholesale prices from our suppliers and are to be used for direct sales and
display purposes once we obtain a storefront and/or develop an online retail space. 

Process of Ordering, Delivery and Payment   

- School TV acquires products from various suppliers. 

 - School TV sells the products to various distributors who order
the products from School TV via a purchase order  call sheet  (This call sheet includes their name, telephone number
and the address for the products to be delivered to as well as a list of which products they are ordering and how many.) 

 - Consumers order directly from the distributors (in which case
the distributor receives a sales commission which has not been determined as of this point in time; It is normally on a case by
case basis and arbitrarily determined) or they can order directly from School TV via our pending website and online marketplace
(when it has been completed). 

 -The consumers who order directly from School TV have their shipping
information collected and sent to the suppliers for shipping. 

 -The suppliers then directly deliver the products to the consumers. 

Competition   

Our primary competition comes from other health food and supplement
companies within Japan, but can also include global companies who offer their products within Japan as well. Some of our competitors
have larger resources than we have, a longer operating history, and established connections throughout our target regions, which
may make it difficult to penetrate into the market effectively. Even if we do manage to penetrate into the health food market with
our products there can be no guarantee that we will be able to continue to compete effectively with these established competitors
in an effective manner. 

Our competition includes, but is not limited to, MUSO Co., Ltd,
Asahi Food   Healthcare Co., Ltd., Daiichi Sankyo Co., Ltd., Taisho Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. and Takeda Pharmaceutical Co.,
Ltd. Several of these competitors have a very established track record in Japan and offer highly valued products throughout the
country, which may serve to make it more difficult for our own products to gain attention as we begin operations. 

-2- 

Table of Contents   

Item 1A. Risk Factors.  

Risks Relating to Our Company and Our Industry   

We will require additional funds in the future to achieve our
current business strategy. Our inability to obtain funding will cause our business to fail.  

We will need to raise additional funds through public or private
debt or equity sales in order to fund our future. These financings may not be available when needed. Even if these financings are
available, it may be on terms that we deem unacceptable or are materially adverse to your interests with respect to dilution of
book value, dividend preferences, liquidation preferences, or other terms. Our inability to obtain financing would have an adverse
effect on our ability to implement our current business plan and develop our operations, and as a result, could require us to diminish
or suspend our operations and possibly cease our existence. 

Even if we are successful in raising capital in the future we will
likely need to raise additional capital to continue and/or expand our operations. If we do not raise the additional capital, the
value of any investment in our Company may become worthless. In the event we do not raise additional capital from conventional
sources, it is likely that we may need to scale back or curtail implementing our business plan. 

We have generated only minimal revenue to date since our inception.  

We are a start-up stage company. We have generated only minimal
revenue to date and may be unable to generate any or any significant amounts of revenue in the future. Because we may not be able
to generate revenue or any significant amounts of revenue in the future our common stock may become worthless. 

We are an early stage company with an unproven business strategy
and may never be able to fully implement our business plan or achieve profitability.  

We are at an early stage of development of our operations as a company.
We have only recently started to operate business activities, and have generated only minimal revenue from such operations. A commitment
of substantial resources to conduct time-consuming research in many respects will be required if we are to complete the development
of our company into one that is more profitable. There can be no assurance that we will be able to fully implement our business
plan at reasonable costs or successfully operate. We expect it will take several years to implement our business plan fully, if
at all. 

Our limited operating history makes it difficult for us to accurately
forecast net sales and appropriately plan our expenses.   

We have a very limited operating history. As a result, it is difficult
to accurately forecast our net sales and plan our operating expenses. This inability could cause our net income, if there is any
income at all, in a given quarter to be lower than expected. 

We operate in a highly competitive environment, and if we are
unable to compete with our competitors, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects could
be materially adversely affected.  

We operate in a highly competitive environment. Our competition
includes all other companies that are in the business of the sale of health related products. A highly competitive environment
could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

We offer an array of supplements for sale, and any adverse side
effects from the consumption of our supplements may create legal difficulties for our Company.  

While we are not presently aware of any adverse side effects from
our products, and they have been fully tested and studied by our supplier Exceed World, in the event that a consumer faces adverse
side effects that we did not properly disclose we may be subject to lawsuits and additional consequences. In the event that our
products are deemed unsafe, at the minimum there would be substantive damage to our Company reputation and we would need to either
ensure the future safety of our products or identify an entirely new line of products altogether to replace the existing line.
In a worst case scenario legal consequences may force us to cease operations entirely, in which case investors may lose part or
all of their investment.  

Because we are small and do not have much capital, our marketing
campaign may not be enough to attract sufficient customers to operate profitably. If we do not make a profit, we may be forced
to suspend or cease operations.  

Due to the fact we are small and do not have much capital, we must
limit our marketing activities and may not be able to make our product known to potential customers. Because we will be limiting
our marketing activities, we may not be able to attract enough customers to operate profitably. If we cannot operate profitably,
we may have to suspend or cease operations. 

-3-  

Table of Contents   

We expect our quarterly financial results to fluctuate.  

We expect our net sales and operating results to vary significantly
from quarter to quarter due to a number of factors, including changes in: 

Demand for our products; 

   Our ability to retain existing customers or encourage repeat
purchases; 

   General economic conditions; 

   Advertising and other marketing costs; 

   Costs of expanding to other health related products. 

As a result of the variability of these and other factors, our operating
results in future quarters may be below the expectations of public market analysts and investors. 

Our future success is dependent, in part, on the performance
and continued service of Tomoo Yoshida, our sole officer and director. Without his continued service, we may be forced to interrupt
or eventually cease our operations.  

We are presently dependent to a great extent upon the experience,
abilities and continued services of Tomoo Yoshida, our sole officer and director. We currently do not have an employment agreement
with Mr. Yoshida. The loss of his services would delay our business operations substantially. 

Because our sole officer and director has other business interests,
he may not be able or willing to devote a sufficient amount of time to our business operations, causing our business to fail.  

Tomoo Yoshida, our sole officer and director, currently devotes
approximately twenty hours per week providing management services to us. While he presently possesses adequate time to attend to
our interest, it is possible that the demands on him from other obligations could increase, with the result that he would no longer
be able to devote sufficient time to the management of our business. The loss of Tomoo Yoshida to our company could negatively
impact the development and implementation of our business. 

Tomoo Yoshida is our sole officer and director .  If he
should resign from his positions with the Company, we would no longer have an officer or director until at such point we appointed
a new officer and or director. If Mr. Yoshida resigned from his positions with the Company our operations would be halted or potentially
suspended until we could replace Mr. Yoshida with one or more individuals acting in his previous capacity.   

We are extremely dependent on the services of Tomoo Yoshida, our
sole officer and director for the future success of our business. The loss of the services of Tomoo Yoshida could have an adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If he should resign we will not have an officer or director.
If that should occur, until we find another person or persons to act as an officer, director, or both our operations will be halted,
and may become potentially suspended. In that event it is possible you could lose most if not all of your entire investment. 

Our sole officer and director, Tomoo Yoshida, is currently funding
the operations of the Company. However, he is under no obligation to do so in the future.  

In the event that our sole officer and director, Tomoo Yoshida,
should choose to cease funding our Company we would be forced to either find funding from another source or, in a worst case scenario,
cease operations entirely. In the event that we can not secure funding on terms which we deem reasonable, investors may lose part
or all of their investments if the Company is forced to cease operations.  

Our future success is dependent on our implementation of our
business plan. We have many significant steps still to take.  

Our success will depend in large part in our success in achieving
several important steps in the implementation of our business plan. These include but are not limited to developing a customer
base, developing suppliers, and implementing a successful marketing campaign. If we are not successful in achieving any of the
aforementioned milestones we will not be able to fully implement or expand our business plan.  

Our growth will place significant strains on our resources.  

The Company is currently a start up stage Company and has generated
only minimal revenue since inception. The Company's growth, if any, is expected to place a significant strain on the Company's
managerial, operational and financial resources. Moving forward, the Company's systems, procedures or controls may not be adequate
to support the Company's operations and/or the Company may be unable to achieve the rapid execution necessary to successfully implement
its business plan. The Company's future operating results, if any, will also depend on its ability to add additional personnel
commensurate with the growth of its operations, if any. If the Company is unable to manage growth effectively, the Company's business,
results of operations and financial condition will be adversely affected. 

Because the Company s headquarters and assets are located
outside the United States in Japan, investors may experience difficulties in attempting to effect service of process and to enforce
judgments based upon US Federal Securities Laws against the Company and its non-US resident officer and director.  

While we are organized under the laws of State of Delaware, our
sole officer and director is a non-US resident and our headquarters and assets are located outside the United States in Japan.
Consequently, it may be difficult for investors to affect service of process on our officer/director in the United States and to
enforce in the United States judgments obtained in United States courts against our officer/director based on the civil liability
provisions of the United States securities laws. Since all our assets will be located outside U.S. it may be difficult or impossible
for U.S. investors to collect a judgment against us.  

Due to the fact that our sole officer and director is a non US
Citizen and does not reside in the United States an investor in the United States may be limited in the following ways.  

As an investor you may have difficulty with the following: 

-Effecting service of process within the United States against our
sole officer and director; 

-Enforcing U.S. court judgments based upon the civil liability provisions
of the U.S. federal securities laws against the above referenced foreign person in the United States; 

-Enforcing in a Japanese court U.S. court judgments based on the
civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against the above foreign person; and 

-Bringing an original action in a Japanese court to enforce liabilities
based upon the U.S. federal securities laws against the above foreign person.. 

-4-   

Table of Contents   

Our operations and assets in Japan are subject to significant
political and economic uncertainties.  

Government policies are subject to rapid change and the government
of the Japan may adopt policies which have the effect of hindering private economic activity and greater economic decentralization.
 There is no assurance that the government of Japan will not significantly alter its policies from time to time without notice
in a manner with reduces or eliminates any benefits from its present policies of economic reform.  In addition, changes in
laws and regulations, or their interpretation, or the imposition of confiscatory taxation, restrictions on currency conversion,
imports and sources of supply, devaluations of currency, the nationalization or other expropriation of private enterprises, as
well as adverse changes in the political, economic or social conditions in Japan, could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

Our success depends upon our ability to attract and hire key
personnel. Since many of our personnel will be required to be bilingual, or to have other special skills, the pool of potential
employees may be small and in high demand by our competitors. Our inability to hire qualified individuals will negatively affect
our business, and we will not be able to implement or expand our business plan.   

Our business is greatly dependent on our ability to attract key
personnel. We will need to attract, develop, motivate and retain highly skilled  employees. Competition for qualified
personnel is intense and we may not be able to hire or retain qualified personnel. Our management has limited experience in recruiting
key personnel which may hurt our ability to recruit qualified individuals. If we are unable to retain such employees, we will not
be able to implement or expand our business plan. 

Our marketing efforts may be ineffective. If we cannot effectively
carry out our marketing campaign, we may be able to generate any substantive revenue.  

We have not yet implemented  a marketing campaign. When we
do implement  a marketing plan it may be ineffective and we may be unsuccessful in generating any substantive amounts
of revenue. 

For many of our products that we sell, since we in part
utilize drop-shipping, there may be a delay on the part of
the shipping Company that could negatively impact our reputation.  

Since we on certain occasions utilize
drop-shipping to sell/ship our products, there may be a delay on the part of the shipping Company that could negatively
impact our reputation. Any hold up on the part of the shipping company may negatively impact our brand name and our perceived
reliability. In this event we may be forced to find alternative shipping arrangements and/or our business operations may be
negatively impacted to such an extent that we can not recover. 

The recently enacted JOBS Act will allow the Company to postpone
the date by which it must comply with certain laws and regulations intended to protect investors and to reduce the amount of information
provided in reports filed with the SEC.  

The recently enacted JOBS Act is intended to reduce the regulatory
burden on  emerging growth companies . The Company meets the definition of an  emerging growth company 
and so long as it qualifies as an  emerging growth company,  it will, among other things: 

-be exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act requiring that its independent registered public accounting firm provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of its
internal control over financial reporting; 

-be exempt from the  say on pay  provisions (requiring
a non-binding shareholder vote to approve compensation of certain executive officers) and the  say on golden parachute 
provisions (requiring a non-binding shareholder vote to approve golden parachute arrangements for certain executive officers in
connection with mergers and certain other business combinations) of The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
(the  Dodd-Frank Act ) and certain disclosure requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act relating to compensation of Chief
Executive Officers; 

-be permitted to omit the detailed compensation discussion and analysis
from proxy statements and reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )
and instead provide a reduced level of disclosure concerning executive compensation; and 

-be exempt from any rules that may be adopted by the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (the  PCAOB ) requiring mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s
report on the financial statements. 

Although the Company is still evaluating the JOBS Act, it currently
intends to take advantage of all of the reduced regulatory and reporting requirements that will be available to it so long as it
qualifies as an  emerging growth company . The Company has elected not to opt out of the extension of time to comply
with new or revised financial accounting standards available under Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act. Among other things, this
means that the Company's independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to provide an attestation report on
the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting so long as it qualifies as an  emerging growth
company , which may increase the risk that weaknesses or deficiencies in the internal control over financial reporting go
undetected. Likewise, so long as it qualifies as an  emerging growth company , the Company may elect not to provide
certain information, including certain financial information and certain information regarding compensation of executive officers,
which would otherwise have been required to provide in filings with the SEC, which may make it more difficult for investors and
securities analysts to evaluate the Company. As a result, investor confidence in the Company and the market price of its common
stock may be adversely affected. 

Notwithstanding the above, we are also currently a  smaller
reporting company , meaning that we are not an investment company, an asset-backed issuer, or a majority-owned subsidiary
of a parent company that is not a smaller reporting company and have a public float of less than $75 million and annual revenues
of less than $50 million during the most recently completed fiscal year. In the event that we are still considered a  smaller
reporting company , at such time are we cease being an  emerging growth company , the disclosure we will be required
to provide in our SEC filings will increase, but will still be less than it would be if we were not considered either an  emerging
growth company  or a  smaller reporting company . Specifically, similar to  emerging growth companies ,
 smaller reporting companies  are able to provide simplified executive compensation disclosures in their filings; are
exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requiring that independent registered public accounting
firms provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting; and have certain other decreased
disclosure obligations in their SEC filings, including, among other things, being required to provide only two years of audited
financial statements in annual reports. Decreased disclosures in our SEC filings due to our status as an  emerging growth
company  or  smaller reporting company  may make it harder for investors to analyze the Company s results
of operations and financial prospects. 

We are an  Emerging growth company  under
the JOBS Act of 2012, and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will
make our common stock less attractive to investors.  

 We are an  emerging growth company,  as defined in the
JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public
companies that are not  emerging growth companies  including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with
the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive
compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory
vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We cannot predict
if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common
stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more
volatile. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an  emerging
growth company  can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act
for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an  emerging growth company  can delay the
adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We are choosing to take
advantage of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. As a result, our financial
statements may not be comparable to those of companies that comply with public company effective dates. 

We will remain an  emerging growth company  for up to
five years, although we will lose that status sooner if our revenues exceed $1 billion, if we issue more than $1 billion in non-convertible
debt in a three year period, or if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million. 

-5-  

Table of Contents  

Risks
Relating to the Company s Securities    

We may never have a public market for our common stock or may
never trade on a recognized exchange. Therefore, you may be unable to liquidate your investment in our stock.   

There is no established public trading market for our securities.
Our shares are not and have not been listed or quoted on any exchange or quotation system. 

In order for our shares to be quoted, a market maker must agree
to file the necessary documents with FINRA, which operates the OTCBB. In addition, it is possible that such application for quotation
may not be approved and even if approved it is possible that a regular trading market will not develop or that if it did develop,
will be sustained. In the absence of a trading market, an investor may be unable to liquidate their investment. 

We may, in the future, issue additional shares of our common
stock, which may have a dilutive effect on our stockholders.  

Our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of
500,000,000 shares of common stock, of which 20,000,000 shares are issued and outstanding as of December 30, 2016. The
future issuance of our common shares may result in substantial dilution in the percentage of our common shares held by our
then existing stockholders. We may value any common stock issued in the future on an arbitrary basis. The issuance of common
stock for future services or acquisitions or other corporate actions may have the effect of diluting the value of the shares
held by our investors, and might have an adverse effect on any trading market for our common stock. 

We may issue shares of preferred stock in the future that may
adversely impact your rights as holders of our common stock.  

Our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes us to issue up to 20,000,000
shares of preferred stock. Accordingly, our board of directors will have the authority to fix and determine the relative rights
and preferences of preferred shares, as well as the authority to issue such shares, without further stockholder approval. Our board
of directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that would grant to holders preferred rights to our assets
upon liquidation, the right to receive dividends before dividends are declared to holders of our common stock, and the right to
the redemption of such preferred shares, together with a premium, prior to the redemption of the common stock. To the extent that
we do issue such additional shares of preferred stock, your rights as holders of common stock could be impaired thereby, including,
without limitation, dilution of your ownership interests in us. In addition, shares of preferred stock could be issued with terms
calculated to delay or prevent a change in control or make removal of management more difficult, which may not be in your interest
as holders of common stock. 

We do not currently intend to pay dividends on our common stock
and consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our common stock.

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common
stock and do not currently intend to do so for the foreseeable future. We currently intend to invest our future earnings, if any,
to fund our growth. Therefore, you are not likely to receive any dividends on your common stock for the foreseeable future and
the success of an investment in shares of our common stock will depend upon any future appreciation in its value. There is no guarantee
that shares of our common stock will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which our stockholders have purchased their
shares. 

We may be exposed to potential risks resulting from requirements
under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

As a reporting company we are required, pursuant to Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to include in our transition report our assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting. We do not have a sufficient number of employees to segregate responsibilities and may be unable to afford
increasing our staff or engaging outside consultants or professionals to overcome our lack of employees. 

We do not currently have independent audit or compensation committees.
As a result, our directors have the ability, among other things, to determine their own level of compensation. Until we comply
with such corporate governance measures, regardless of whether such compliance is required, the absence of such standards of corporate
governance may leave our stockholders without protections against interested director transactions, conflicts of interest and similar
matters and investors may be reluctant to provide us with funds necessary to expand our operations. 

The costs to meet our reporting and other requirements as a public
company subject to the Exchange Act of 1934 is and will be substantial and may result in us having insufficient funds to expand
our business or even to meet routine business obligations.  

As a public entity, subject to the reporting requirements of the
Exchange Act of 1934, we will continue to incur ongoing expenses associated with professional fees for accounting, legal and a
host of other expenses for annual reports and proxy statements. We estimate that these costs will range up to $35,000 per year
for the next few years and will be higher if our business volume and activity increases. As a result, we may not have sufficient
funds to grow our operations. 

State Securities Laws may limit secondary trading, which may
restrict the states in which and conditions under which you can sell Shares.  

Secondary trading in our common stock may not be possible in any
state until the common stock is qualified for sale under the applicable securities laws of the state or there is confirmation
that an exemption, such as listing in certain recognized securities manuals, is available for secondary trading in the state.
If we fail to register or qualify, or to obtain or verify an exemption for the secondary trading of, the common stock in any particular
state, the common stock cannot be offered or sold to, or purchased by, a resident of that state. In the event that a significant
number of states refuse to permit secondary trading in our common stock, the liquidity for the common stock could be significantly
impacted. 

-6-  

Table of Contents  

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.  

None. 

Item 2. Properties.    

We neither rent nor own any properties. e-Learning Laboratory Co. Ltd. provides 10 square meters of office space and 2 square meters of storage space
to the Company free of charge. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings.  

From time to time, we may become party to litigation
or other legal proceedings that we consider to be a part of the ordinary course of our business. We are not currently involved
in legal proceedings that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial
condition or results of operations.  

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.  

Not applicable. 

PART II  

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.  

Market Information  

We are not currently listed on any exchange
however, in the future we intend to list on the OTC Marketplace. 

Holders  

As of December 30, 2016, there
are approximately 41 shareholders of record of our common stock and 20,000,000 shares of common stock deemed issued
and outstanding. 

Dividends and Share Repurchases  

We have not paid any dividends to our shareholder.
There are no restrictions which would limit our ability to pay dividends on common equity or that are likely to do so in the future. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  

None. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information  

Not applicable. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities;
Uses of Proceeds from Registered Securities  

Not applicable. 

-7- 

Table of Contents  

Item 6. Selected
Financial Data.          

Item 7. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  

Certain statements, other than purely historical information, including
estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives, and expected operating results, and the assumptions
upon which those statements are based, are  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words  believes,   project, 
 expects,   anticipates,   estimates,   intends,   strategy,   plan, 
 may,   will,   would,   will be,   will continue,   will likely
result,  and similar expressions. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe-harbor provisions for
forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and are including this statement
for purposes of complying with those safe-harbor provisions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions
that are subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements.
Our ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain. Factors which could
have a material adverse effect on our operations and future prospects on a consolidated basis include, but are not limited to:
changes in economic conditions, legislative/regulatory changes, availability of capital, interest rates, competition, and generally
accepted accounting principles. These risks and uncertainties should also be considered in evaluating forward-looking statements
and undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

Our cash balance is $38,410 as of September 30, 2016. Our cash
balance is not sufficient to fund our limited levels of operations for any period of time. We have been utilizing and may
utilize funds from Tomoo Yoshida, our sole Director who has informally agreed to advance funds to allow us to pay
for operating fees, and professional fees. Tomoo Yoshida, however, has no formal commitment, arrangement or legal obligation
to advance or loan funds to the company. In order to implement our plan of operations for the next twelve-month period, we
require further funding. Being a start-up stage company, we have very limited operating history. After a twelve-month period
we may need additional financing but currently do not have any arrangements for such financing. 

As of September 30, 2016, the company has a related-party payable
in the amount of $176,749 to Tomoo Yoshida, our sole officer and director. 

If we need additional cash and cannot raise it, we will either have
to suspend operations until we do raise the cash we need, or cease operations entirely. 

Inventory   

As of September 30, 2016, we have $108,548 in inventory which is
made up of various health related products that we intend to sell. Any purchase of goods from our direct supply of inventory will
be sent out to the purchaser and we will be responsible for any shipping or related costs. 

Net Loss   

We recorded a net loss of $28,206 for the ten months ended September
30, 2016 as opposed to $8,746 for the twelve months ended November 30, 2015 and $4,550 for the ten months ended September 30, 2015.
The increase in net loss is attributed to increased operating expenses. 

Going Concern       

For the ten months ended September 30, 2016,
the Company has suffered recurring losses and had generated negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s management plans to engage in very
limited activities without incurring any liabilities that must be satisfied in cash until a source of funding is secured. The Company
will offer noncash consideration and seek equity lines as a means of financing its operations. If the Company is unable to obtain
revenue- producing contracts or financing or if the revenue or financing it does obtain is insufficient to cover any operating
losses it may incur, it may substantially curtail or terminate its operations or seek other business opportunities through strategic
alliances, acquisitions or other arrangements that may dilute the interests of existing stockholders. These conditions and uncertainties
raise substantial doubt as to the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk.  

As a  smaller reporting company ,
we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

-8- 

Table of Contents  

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data.  

Exceed
World, Inc.   

  FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Pages     

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
       
      F2   

Consolidated Balance Sheets  
       
      F3   

Consolidated Statements of Operations  
       
      F4   

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Deficit   
       
      F5   

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
       
      F6   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
       
      F7-F9   

- F1 - 

Table of Contents  

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM  

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of 

 Exceed World, Inc. 

 Esakacho, Suita-shi, Osaka, Japan 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
Exceed World, Inc. (the  Company ) as of September 30, 2016 and November 30, 2015 and the related consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders  deficit and cash flows for the ten months ended September
30, 2016 and the fiscal year ended November 30, 2015. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal
control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for
the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly,
we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to
above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2016 and November 30,
2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the ten months ended September 30, 2016 and the fiscal year ended
November 30, 2015 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the
Company has negative working capital and suffered recurring losses from operations, which raises substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters also are described in Note 3. The consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

/s/ MaloneBailey, LLP 

 www.malonebailey.com 

 Houston, Texas 

 December 30, 2016 

- F2 - 

Table of Contents  

- F3 - 

Table of Contents   

- F4 - 

Table of Contents   

- F5 - 

Table of Contents   

EXCEED WORLD, INC.    
 
       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS    

Ten Months Ended September 30, 2016  
       
      Ten Months Ended September 30, 2015  
       
      Twelve Months Ended November 30, 2015   

(Unaudited recast)  

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES   

Net loss  
      $  
      (28,206)  
      $  
      (4,550)  
      $  
      (8,746)   

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:  

Expenses contributed to capital  
       
      -  
       
      4,898  
       
      6,198   

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:  

Inventories  
       
      (108,548)  
       
      -  
       
      -   

Prepaid expenses and other current assets  
       
      (1,029)  
       
      -  
       
      -   

Accrued expenses  
       
      6,282  
       
      (348)  
       
      2,548   

Net cash used in operating activities  
       
      (131,501)  
       
      -  
       
      -   

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES   

Advances from related party  
       
      167,768  
       
      -  
       
      -   

Repayment of related party advances  
       
      (420)  
       
      -  
       
      -   

Capital contribution of subsidiary  
       
      4,458  
       
      -  
       
      -   

Net cash provided by financing activities  
       
      171,806  
       
      -  
       
      -   

Net effect of exchange rate changes on cash  
       
      (1,895)  
       
      -  
       
      -   

Net Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents  
      $  
      38,410  
      $  
      -  
      $  
      -   
 
      Cash and cash equivalents - beginning of period  
       
      -  
       
      -  
       
      -   
 
      Cash and cash equivalents - end of period  
      $  
      38,410  
      $  
      -  
      $  
      -   

NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS  

Account payable waived by former related party   
      $  
      4,696  
      $  
      -  
      $  
      -   

Payable related to acquisition of subsidiary  
      $  
      4,835  
      $  
      -  
      $  
      -   

Operating expenses directly paid by related party  
      $  
      4,467  
      $  
      -  
      $  
      -   

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION  

Interest paid  
      $  
      -  
      $  
      -  
      $  
      -   
 
      Income taxes paid  
      $  
      -  
      $  
      -  
      $  
      -   

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   

(*) On October 28, 2016, the Company performed the forward stock split, whereby every one (1) share of the common stock was automatically reclassified and changed into twenty (20) shares (the  20-for-1 Forward Stock Split ). The authorized number of shares and par value per share were not be affected by the 20-for-1 Forward Stock Split. The Company s capital accounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the 20-for-1 Forward Stock Split.   

- F6 - 

Table of Contents  

  EXCEED WORLD, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION,
DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS, AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION      

Exceed World, Inc., formerly known as Brilliant
Acquisition, Inc. (the  Company ), was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on November 25, 2014, with
an objective to acquire, or merge with, an operating business. On January 12, 2016, the sole shareholder of the Company, Mr. DeNunzio
transferred to e-Learning Laboratory Co., Ltd., 20,000,000 shares of our common stock which represents all of our issued and outstanding
shares. (Tomoo Yoshida is the controlling party of e-Learning Laboratory Co., Ltd.) On January 12, 2016 prior to Mr. DeNunzio s
resignation, Mr. DeNunzio, on behalf of the Registrant, filed a Certificate of Amendment with the Delaware Secretary of State to
change the name of the corporation from Brilliant Acquisition, Inc. to Exceed World, Inc. On February 29, 2016, the Company entered
into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the  Stock Purchase Agreement ) with Tomoo Yoshida, the Company's Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Pursuant to this Agreement, on February 29, 2016, Tomoo Yoshida transferred to the Company,
10 shares of the common stock of E F Co., Ltd., a Japan corporation ( E F ), which represents all of its issued
and outstanding shares, in consideration of 500,000 JPY ($4,835). Following the effective date of the share purchase transaction
described above on February 29, 2016, Exceed World, Inc. gained a 100% interest in the issued and outstanding shares of E F s
common stock and E F became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. On August 4, 2016, E F changed its name to School
TV Co., Ltd. ( School TV ). As of September 30, 2016, the Company conducts a business of selling and distributing of
health related products through School TV. 

On August 1, 2016, the Company changed its
fiscal year end from November 30 to September 30. 

NOTE 2 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

USE OF ESTIMATES  

The presentation of financial statements in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reporting periods. The most significant estimates and assumptions
made by management include going concern, valuation allowance on deferred income tax, inventory obsolescence and sales allowance.
Operating results in the future could vary from the amounts derived from management's estimates and assumptions. 

PRINCIPLES
OF CONSOLIDATION      

The consolidated financial statements include
the financial statements of its wholly-owned subsidiary, School TV. Intercompany transactions are eliminated. 

FISCAL YEAR  

On August 1, 2016, the Board of Directors of
the Company approved a resolution to change the Company's fiscal year end from November 30 to September 30, effective immediately
as of the date of the board resolution. As a result of this change, our fiscal year 2016 is a 10-month transition period beginning
December 1, 2015 through September 30, 2016. In these consolidated statements, including the notes thereto, financial results for
fiscal 2016 are for a 10-month period. Corresponding results for fiscal 2015 are for 12-month period. In addition, our Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows also include 10 months ended September
30, 2015 (unaudited recast). 

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTION  

A related party is generally defined as (i)
any person that holds 10% or more of the Company s securities and their immediate families, (ii) the Company s management,
(iii) someone that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the Company, or (iv) anyone
who can significantly influence the financial and operating decisions of the Company. A transaction is considered to be a related
party transaction when there is a transfer of resources or obligations between related parties. The Company conducts business with
its related parties in the ordinary course of business. 

Transactions involving related parties cannot
be presumed to be carried out on an arm's-length basis, as the requisite conditions of competitive, free market dealings may not
exist. Representations about transactions with related parties, if made, shall not imply that the related party transactions were
consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm's-length transactions unless such representations can be substantiated. 

Cash equivalents   

The Company considers all highly liquid investments with maturities
of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. 

INVENTORIES      

Inventories, consisting of products available
for sale, are primarily accounted for using the first-in, first-out ( FIFO ) method, and are valued at the lower of cost
or market value. This valuation requires the Company to make judgments, based on currently-available information, about the likely
method of disposition, such as through sales to individual customers, returns to product vendors, or liquidations, and expected
recoverable values of each disposition category. 

FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION  

The Company maintains its books and record
in its local currency, Japanese YEN ( JPY ), which is a functional currency as being the primary currency of the economic
environment in which its operation is conducted. Transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are
translated into the functional currency at the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities
denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency using the applicable exchange
rates at the balance sheet dates. The resulting exchange differences are recorded in the statements of operations.  

The reporting currency of the Company
is the United States Dollars ( US$ ) and the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been expressed in
US$. In accordance with ASC Topic 830-30,  Translation of Financial Statement , assets and liabilities of the Company
whose functional currency is not US$ are translated into US$, using the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses
are translated at average rates prevailing during the period. The gains and losses resulting from translation of financial statements
are recorded as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income within the statements of shareholders  equity. 

Translation of amounts from the local
currency of the Company into US$1 has been made at the following exchange rates: 

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME OR LOSS  

ASC Topic 220,  Comprehensive Income ,
establishes standards for reporting and display of comprehensive income or loss, its components and accumulated balances. Comprehensive
income or loss as defined includes all changes in equity during a period from non-owner sources. Accumulated comprehensive income,
as presented in the accompanying consolidated statements of shareholders  equity consists of changes in unrealized gains
and losses on foreign currency translation. 

REVENUE RECOGNITION  

The Company recognizes revenue when it is realized
or realizable and earned. The Company considers revenue realized or realizable and earned when all of the following criteria are
met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) the product has been shipped or the services have been rendered to
the customer, (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured. 

- F7 - 

Table of Contents  

Net
loss per common share   

Net loss per common share is computed pursuant
to section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by
the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per share is computed by
dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock and potentially outstanding shares of common stock during
each period. There were no potentially dilutive shares outstanding as of September 30, 2016 and November 30, 2015. 

On October 28, 2016, the Company performed
the forward stock split, whereby every one (1) share of the common stock was automatically reclassified and changed into twenty
(20) shares (the  20-for-1 Forward Stock Split ). The authorized number of shares and par value per share were not
be affected by the 20-for-1 Forward Stock Split. The Company s capital accounts have been retroactively restated to reflect
the 20-for-1 Forward Stock Split. 

INCOME TAX  

The Company follows Section 740-10-30 of the
FASB Accounting Standards Codification, which requires recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future
tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred tax
assets and liabilities are based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using
enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a
valuation allowance to the extent management concludes it is more likely than not that the assets will not be realized. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those
temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in
tax rates is recognized in the Statements of Operations in the period that includes the enactment date. The Company adopted section
740-10-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( Section 740-10-25 ). Section 740-10-25 addresses the determination
of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements. Under
Section 740-10-25, the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not
that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position.
The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that
has a greater than fifty percent (50%) likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. 

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS  

In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-02,
 Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis  ( ASU 2015-02 ), which eliminates
the deferral granted to investment companies from applying the variable interest entities ( VIEs ) guidance and makes
targeted amendments to the current consolidation guidance. The new guidance applies to all entities involved with limited partnerships
or similar entities and will require re-evaluation of these entities under the revised guidance which may change previous consolidation
conclusions. ASU 2015-02 is effective for our fiscal year beginning November 1, 2016. Upon adoption of ASU 2015-02, we expect that
one unconsolidated joint venture, not previously identified as a VIE, will be determined to be a VIE, which will result in a modification
of our current disclosures. However, the adoption of ASU 2015-02 is not expected to have a material effect on our consolidated
financial statements. 

 In July 2015, The FASB
issued ASU 2015-11,  Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory . The amendments in ASU 2015-11 require an entity to
measure in scope inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices
in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. Subsequent measurement
is unchanged for inventory measured using LIFO or the retail inventory method. The amendments do not apply to inventory that is
measured using last-in, first-out (LIFO) or the retail inventory method. The amendments apply to all other inventory, which includes
inventory that is measured using first-in, first-out (FIFO) or average cost. For public business entities, the amendments are effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities,
the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2017. The amendments should be applied prospectively with earlier application permitted as of the beginning
of an interim or annual reporting period. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption on its
consolidated financial statements. 

 In August 2015, the FASB
issued ASU 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date . The amendments
in ASU 2015-14 defer the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for all entities by one year. Public business entities, certain not-for-profit
entities, and certain employee benefit plans should apply the guidance in ASU 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after
December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Earlier application is permitted only as of
annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. The
Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption on its consolidated financial statements. 

 In September 2015, the
FASB issued ASU 2015-16,  Business Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments .
The amendments in ASU 2015-16 require that an acquirer recognize adjustments to estimated amounts that are identified during the
measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. The amendments require that the acquirer
record, in the same period s financial statements, the effect on earnings of changes in depreciation, amortization, or other
income effects, if any, as a result of the change to the estimated amounts, calculated as if the accounting had been completed
at the acquisition date. The amendments also require an entity to present separately on the face of the income statement or disclose
in the notes the portion of the amount recorded in current-period earnings by line item that would have been recorded in previous
reporting periods if the adjustment to the estimated amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date. The amendments in
this ASU are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim periods
within those fiscal years. The amendments should be applied prospectively to adjustments to provisional amounts that occur after
the effective date with earlier application permitted for financial statements that have not been issued. The adoption of ASU 2015-16
is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

 In November 2015, the
FASB issued ASU 2015-17,  Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes . The amendments
in ASU 2015-17 eliminates the current requirement for organizations to present deferred tax liabilities and assets as current and
noncurrent in a classified balance sheet. Instead, organizations will be required to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities
as noncurrent. The amendments in this ASU are effective for public business entities for financial statements issued for annual
periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. The amendments may be applied prospectively
to all deferred tax liabilities and assets or retrospectively to all periods presented. The adoption of ASU 2015-16 is not expected
to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

 In March 2016, the FASB
issued ASU 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting
Revenue Gross versus Net) . The amendments in this ASU are intended to improve the operability and understandability of the
implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations by amending certain existing illustrative examples and adding
additional illustrative examples to assist in the application of the guidance. The effective date and transition of these amendments
is the same as the effective date and transition of ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) .
Public entities should apply the amendments in ASU 2014-09 for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including
interim reporting periods therein. The adoption of ASU 2015-16 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s
consolidated financial statements. 

 In April 2016, the FASB
issued ASU 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing .
The amendments in this ASU add further guidance on identifying performance obligations and also to improve the operability and
understandability of the licensing implementation guidance. The amendments do not change the core principle of the guidance in
Topic 606. The effective date and transition requirements for the amendments are the same as the effective date and transition
requirements in Topic 606. Public entities should apply the amendments for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2017, including interim reporting periods therein. Early application for public entities is permitted only as of annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. The Company is currently
in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption on its consolidated financial statements. 

 In May 2016, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2016-11, Revenue Recognition (Topic 605) and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Rescission of SEC Guidance Because
of Accounting Standards Updates 2014-09 and 2014-16 Pursuant to Staff Announcements at the March 3, 2016 EITF Meeting (SEC Update).
The ASU rescinds the following SEC Staff Observer guidance: revenue and expense recognition for freight services in progress, accounting
for shipping   handling fees and costs, accounting for consideration given to a vendor, and accounting for gas-balancing arrangements.
The ASU s effective date coincides with the effective date of Topic 606, specifically annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2017 for public companies and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018 for other entities. 

 In May 2016, the FASB
issued ASU 2016-12,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients .
The amendments in this ASU, among other things: (1) clarify the objective of the collectability criterion for applying paragraph
606-10- 25-7; (2) permit an entity to exclude amounts collected from customers for all sales (and other similar) taxes from the
transaction price; (3) specify that the measurement date for noncash consideration is contract inception; (4) provide a practical
expedient that permits an entity to reflect the aggregate effect of all modifications that occur before the beginning of the earliest
period presented when identifying the satisfied and unsatisfied performance obligations, determining the transaction price, and
allocating the transaction price to the satisfied and unsatisfied performance obligations; (5) clarify that a completed contract
for purposes of transition is a contract for which all (or substantially all) of the revenue was recognized under legacy GAAP before
the date of initial application, and (6) clarify that an entity that retrospectively applies the guidance in Topic 606 to each
prior reporting period is not required to disclose the effect of the accounting change for the period of adoption. The effective
date of these amendments is at the same date that Topic 606 is effective. Topic 606 is effective for public entities for annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods therein. The Company is currently in the
process of evaluating the impact of the adoption on its consolidated financial statements. 

 In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-16,
Income Taxes - Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory, which requires entities to recognize the income tax consequences
of an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory when the transfer occurs. The standard is effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted as of the beginning
of a fiscal year. The new standard must be adopted using a modified retrospective transition method which is a cumulative-effective
adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first effective reporting period. We are currently in the process of
evaluating the impact of this new pronouncement on our consolidated financial position and results of operations. 

nOTE
3 - Income taxes   

The Company conducts its major businesses in
Japan and is subject to tax in this jurisdiction. As a result of its business activities, the Company files tax returns that are
subject to examination by the local tax authority. 

National income tax in Japan is charged at
15% of a company s assessable profit. The Company s subsidiary, School TV, was incorporated in Japan and is subject
to Japanese National income tax and city income tax at the applicable tax rates on the taxable income as reported in their Japanese
statutory accounts in accordance with the relevant enterprises income tax laws applicable to foreign enterprises. 

For the ten months ended September 30, 2016,
income tax of School TV was $837 (JPY 91,500) and income tax payable was $837. The effective income tax rate of School TV is 15%. 

Exceed World, Inc., which acts as a holding
company on a non-consolidated basis, does not plan to engage any business activities and current or future loss will be fully allowed.
For the ten months ended September 30, 2016 and twelve months ended November 30, 2015, Exceed World, Inc., as a holding company
registered in the state of Delaware, has incurred net losses and, therefore, has no tax liability. The net deferred tax asset generated
by the loss carry forward has been fully reserved. The cumulative net operating loss carry forward is approximately $45,012 and
$12,894 as of September 30, 2016 and November 30, 2015 and will expire beginning in the year 2034. Annual use of the net operating
loss may be limited by Internal Revenue Code Section 382 due to an ownership change. 

NOTE 4 - GOING CONCERN   

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
are prepared on a basis of accounting assuming that the Company is a going concern that contemplates realization of assets and
satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. For the ten months ended September 30, 2016, the Company has suffered
recurring losses and had generated negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s management plans to engage in very limited activities without incurring
any liabilities that must be satisfied in cash until a source of funding is secured. The Company will offer noncash consideration
and seek equity lines as a means of financing its operations. If the Company is unable to obtain revenue- producing contracts or
financing or if the revenue or financing it does obtain is insufficient to cover any operating losses it may incur, it may substantially
curtail or terminate its operations or seek other business opportunities through strategic alliances, acquisitions or other arrangements
that may dilute the interests of existing stockholders. These conditions and uncertainties raise substantial doubt as to the Company's
ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the
Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

- F8 - 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 5 - RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

On February 29, 2016, the Company
entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Tomoo Yoshida, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Pursuant to
this Agreement, on February 29, 2016 Tomoo Yoshida transferred to Exceed World, Inc., 10 shares of the common stock of E F
Co., Ltd., a Japan corporation ( E F ), which represents all of its issued and outstanding shares, in consideration
of $4,835 (JPY 500,000). This is a merger of entities under common control and therefore all assets, liabilities and operations
of E F were accounted for at their historical carryover basis and as if they had been combined since E F s inception.
Further note the inception date of E F and that from inception through the date of acquisition that E F had no revenues
and nominal assets.   E F was incorporated on January 18, 2016.  

The assets and liabilities of E F at February
29, 2016 are as follows: 

*As of February 29, 2016, 1 US Dollar was 112.17
to JP Yen for the historical rate and 118.27 for the average rate. 

 * On August 4, 2016, E F changed its name
to School TV Co., Ltd. ( School TV ) 

Following the effective date of the share purchase
transaction described above on February 29, 2016, Exceed World, Inc. gained a 100% interest in the issued and outstanding shares
of E F s common stock and E F became a wholly owned subsidiary of Exceed World, Inc. 

On February 29, 2016, the Company wrote off
the accrued expenses owed to the previous owner in the amount of $4,696. The accrued expense written off has been recorded as an
adjustment of additional paid in capital. 

As of September
30, 2016, the Company had $176,749 owed to Tomoo Yoshida     for advances
made to pay off the Company s expenses, of which $4,835 was paid for the acquisition of School TV s common
stock. For the ten months ended September 30, 2016, Tomoo Yoshida paid $4,467 directly for the operating expenses. These advances
are due on demand and bear no interest.  

For the ten months ended September 30, 2016,
e-Learning Laboratory Co. Ltd. provided 10 square meters of office space and 2 square meters of storage space to the Company free
of charge. 

NOTE 6 - CONCENTRATION         

Concentration of Revenue  

 For the ten months ended September 30, 2016,
the Company sold health products in the amount of $19,663 to a major customer which accounts for 59.5% of total revenue. 

 For the ten months ended
September 30, 2016, the Company sold health products in the amount of $13,371 to another major customer which accounts for 40.5%
of total revenue.  

  Concentration of Purchase  

 For the ten months ended September 30, 2016,
the Company purchased health products in the amount of $111,912 from a major vender which accounts for 84.1% of total purchase. 

For the ten months ended September 30, 2016,
the Company purchased health products in the amount of $21,222 from another major vender which accounts for 15.9% of total purchase. 

NOTE 7 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

On October 28, 2016, 19,000,000 (380,000,000
post - split) shares of the Company s common stock owned by e-Learning Laboratory Co., Ltd. were cancelled (the  Stock
Cancellation ). 

On October 28, 2016, the Company performed
the forward stock split, whereby every one (1) share of the common stock was automatically reclassified and changed into twenty
(20) shares (the  20-for-1 Forward Stock Split ). The authorized number of shares and par value per share were not
be affected by the 20-for-1 Forward Stock Split. The 20-for-1 Forward Stock Split was executed subsequent to the Stock Cancellation.
On October 28, 2016, we filed a Certificate of Amendment with the Delaware Secretary of State. These consolidated financial statements
give retroactive effect to such forward split and have been adjusted accordingly. 

- F9 - 

Table of Contents  

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure.  

None 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.  

Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

The Company has adopted and maintains disclosure
controls and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports
filed under the Exchange Act, such as this transition report, is collected, recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the time periods specified in the rules of the SEC.  The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are also designed
to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
 As required under Exchange Act Rule 13a-15, the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer who also
serves as our Principal Financial Officer, has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures
as of the end of the period covered by this transition report.  Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Office who also
serves as our Principal Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures are ineffective. 

The matters involving internal controls and
procedures that our management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the   Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board were: domination of management by a limited individuals without adequate compensating controls, lack of a majority
of outside directors on board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required
internal controls and procedures; inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives, lack of well-established
procedures to identify, approve and report related party transactions, and lack of an audit committee. These material weaknesses
were identified by our Chief Executive Officer who also serves as our Chief Financial Officer in connection with the above annual
evaluation. 

Management believes that the material weaknesses
did not have an effect on our financial results. However, management believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee and
inadequate segregation of duties results in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls
and procedures, which could result in a material misstatement in our financial statements in future periods. 

Management recognizes that its controls and
procedures would be substantially improved if we had an audit committee and two individuals serving as officers and as such is
actively seeking to remediate this issue.  

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  

The Company s management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f).
 The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s
management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements.  Management
conducted an assessment of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and criteria established
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control   Integrated Framework.  Based
on the assessment, management concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, the Company s internal control over financial reporting
is ineffective based on those criteria. 

The Company s management, including its
Chief Executive Officer who also serves as our Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that the Company s disclosure controls
and procedures and its internal control processes will prevent all error and all fraud.  A control system, no matter how well
conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met.
 Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls
must be considered relative to their costs.  Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of
controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of error or fraud, if any, within the Company have
been detected.  These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that
the breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake.  Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual
acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control.  The design of any system
of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance
that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.  Over time, controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and
may not be detected.  However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process.  Therefore,
it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 

Management s Remediation Initiatives   

In an effort to remediate the identified material weaknesses and
other deficiencies and enhance our internal controls, we have initiated, or plan to initiate, the following series of measures: 

We will create a position to segregate duties consistent with control
objectives and will increase our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting function when funds
are available to us. And, we plan to appoint one or more outside directors to our board of directors who shall be appointed to
an audit committee resulting in a fully functioning audit committee who will undertake the oversight in the establishment and monitoring
of required internal controls and procedures such as reviewing and approving estimates and assumptions made by management when
funds are available to us. 

Management believes that the appointment of one or more outside
directors, who shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee, will remedy the lack of a functioning audit committee
and a lack of a majority of outside directors on our Board. 

We will work as quickly as possible to implement these initiatives;
however, the lack of adequate working capital and positive cash flow from operations will likely slow this implementation. 

Changes in Internal Control  

There have been no changes in internal controls over the financial
reporting that occurred during the fiscal fourth quarter,  that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect our internal controls over financial reporting. 

This transition report does not include an attestation report of
the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.  Management s
report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the
SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this transition report. 

Item 9B. Other Information.  

None. 

-9- 

Table of Contents   

  PART III  

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance.  

Biographical information regarding the Officers
and Directors of the Company, who will continue to serve as Officers and Directors of the Company and School TV Co., Ltd. (our
wholly owned subsidiary) are provided below: 

Exceed World, Inc.  

Name   
       
       Age   
       
       Position(s)    

Tomoo Yoshida  
       
      53  
       
      Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director    

School TV Co., Ltd.  

Name   
       
       Age   
       
       Position(s)    

Tomoo Yoshida  
       
      53  
       
      Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director    

Keiichi Koga  

48  

Director   

Tomoo Yoshida  

Mr. Tomoo Yoshida graduated from the Osaka University of Commerce
in 1986. Upon graduation that same year Mr. Yoshida took a position in car sales with Toyota Corolla Nankai Co. Ltd., at which
he remained for a period of eight years. In 1997 Mr. Yoshida incorporated Dipro Data Service Co., Ltd. and concurrently with his
Managerial role at the Company he also acted as an IT support consultant. Mr. Yoshida left both of the aforementioned positions
after five years with the Company and in 2002 he incorporated e-Learning Laboratory Co., Ltd. which offers educational services.
Mr. Yoshida is the President of e-Learning Laboratory and remains as such today. 

Keiichi Koga  

Mr. Keiichi Koga graduated from Osaka Izuo Technical High School
in 1986. Upon graduation that same year Mr. Koga took a sales position selling copy machines with Otsuka Corporation. He remained
at this position for a period of ten years. In 1997 Mr. Koga Joined in Dipro Data Service Co., Ltd. serving in a managerial position.
Mr. Koga left the aforementioned position after five years with the Company and in 2002 he joined e-Learning Laboratory Co., Ltd.
which offers educational services. Mr. Koga joined e-Learning Laboratory Co., Ltd. as Vice President and remains as Vice President
today. 

Corporate Governance  

The Company promotes accountability for adherence to honest and
ethical conduct; endeavors to provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that
the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) and in other public communications made by
the Company; and strives to be compliant with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations. The Company has not formally
adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that governs the Company s employees, officers and Directors as the
Company is not required to do so. 

In lieu of an Audit Committee, the Company s Board of Directors,
is responsible for reviewing and making recommendations concerning the selection of outside auditors, reviewing the scope, results
and effectiveness of the annual audit of the Company's financial statements and other services provided by the Company s
independent public accountants. The Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company
review the Company's internal accounting controls, practices and policies. 

Committees of the Board   

Our Company currently does
not have nominating, compensation, or audit committees or committees performing similar functions nor does our Company have a written
nominating, compensation or audit committee charter. Our sole Director believes that it is not necessary to have such committees,
at this time, because the Director(s) can adequately perform the functions of such committees.  

Audit Committee Financial Expert  

Our Board of Directors has determined that we do not have a board
member that qualifies as an  audit committee financial expert  as defined in Item 407(D)(5) of Regulation S-K, nor
do we have a Board member that qualifies as  independent  as the term is used in Item 7(d)(3)(iv)(B) of Schedule 14A
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined by Rule 4200(a)(14) of the FINRA Rules. 

We believe that our Director(s)
are capable of analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial
reporting. The Director(s) of our Company does not believe that it is necessary to have an audit committee because management believes
that the Board of Directors can adequately perform the functions of an audit committee. In addition, we believe that retaining
an independent Director who would qualify as an   audit committee financial expert   would be overly costly and
burdensome and is not warranted in our circumstances given the stage of our development and the fact that we have not generated
any positive cash flows from operations to date.  

  Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings  

Our sole officer and director
has not been involved in or a party in any of the following events or actions during the past ten years:  

1.  
      any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time;   
 
      2.  
      any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses);   
 
      3.  
      being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; or   
 
      4.  
      being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated.   
 
      5.  
      Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated;   
 
      6.  
      Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated;   
 
      7.  
      Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of:(i) Any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or(ii) Any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or(iii) Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or   
 
      8.  
      Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member.   

Independence
of Directors   

We are not required to have
independent members of our Board of Directors, and do not anticipate having independent Directors until such time as we are required
to do so.  

Code
of Ethics   

We have not adopted a formal
Code of Ethics. The Board of Director(s) evaluated the business of the Company and the number of employees and determined that
since the business is operated by a small number of persons, general rules of fiduciary duty and federal and state criminal, business
conduct and securities laws are adequate ethical guidelines. In the event our operations, employees and/or Directors expand in
the future, we may take actions to adopt a formal Code of Ethics.  

Shareholder Proposals   

Our Company does not have
any defined policy or procedural requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nominations for Directors. The Board
of Director(s) believes that, given the stage of our development, a specific nominating policy would be premature and of little
assistance until our business operations develop to a more advanced level. Our Company does not currently have any specific or
minimum criteria for the election of nominees to the Board of Directors and we do not have any specific process or procedure for
evaluating such nominees. The Board of Director(s) will assess all candidates, whether submitted by management or shareholders,
and make recommendations for election or appointment.  

A shareholder who wishes to
communicate with our Board of Director(s) may do so by directing a written request addressed to our sole officer and director Tomoo
Yoshida, at the address appearing on the first page of this Information Statement.  

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance  

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s executive
officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of a registered class of the Company s equity
securities, to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of the Company s common
stock.  Such officers, directors and persons are required by SEC regulation to furnish the Company with copies of all Section
16(a) forms that they file with the SEC. 

Based solely on a review of the copies of such
forms that were received by the Company, or written representations from certain reporting persons that no Form 5s were required
for those persons, the Company is not aware of any failures to file reports or report transactions in a timely manner during the
Company s fiscal year ended September 30, 2016. 

Procedure for Nominating Directors  

In 2016, we have not made any material changes
to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors. 

Family Relationships  

There are no family relationships among our
directors, executive officers or persons nominated to become executive officers or directors. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings  

During the past ten (10) years, none of our
directors, persons nominated to become directors, executive officers, promoters or control persons was involved in any of the legal
proceedings listen in Item 401 (f) of Regulation S-K. 

Arrangements  

There are no arrangements or understandings
between an executive officer, director or nominee and any other person pursuant to which he was or is to be selected as an executive
officer or director. 

-10- 

Table of Contents   

Item 11. Executive Compensation.  

The table below summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned
by, or paid to our named executive officer (including our officer(s)/director(s) of our wholly owned subsidiary) for
all services rendered in all capacities to us for the ten months ended September 30, 2016 and for the year ended November
30, 2015. 

*On January 12, 2016, Thomas DeNunzio of 780
Reservoir Avenue, #123, Cranston, RI 02910, the sole shareholder of Brilliant Acquisition, Inc. (the  Registrant  or
 Company ), entered into a Share Purchase Agreement (the  Agreement ) with e-Learning Laboratory Co., Ltd.,
with an address at 1-23-38-6F, Esakacho, Suita-shi, Osaka 564-0063 Japan. (Tomoo Yoshida is the controlling party of e-Learning
Laboratory Co., Ltd.) 

On January 12, 2016 pursuant to the Agreement, Mr. DeNunzio transferred
to e-Learning Laboratory Co., Ltd., 20,000,000 shares of our common stock which represents all of our issued and outstanding shares. 

On January 12, 2016, Mr. Thomas DeNunzio resigned as our Chief Executive
Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Director, Secretary, and Treasurer. 

On January 12, 2016, Mr. Tomoo Yoshida was appointed as Chief Executive
Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Director, Secretary, and Treasurer. 

On August 2, 2016, Mr. Keiichi Koga was appointed as Director of
School TV. 

Option/SAR Grants in Last Fiscal Year  

None. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End  

None. 

Compensation of Directors  

The Company s sole director received no compensation for services
as director during the last fiscal year. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information  

Not applicable. 

Employment Agreements  

None. 

Compensation Discussion and Analysis  

Director Compensation   

The Board of Directors reserves the right in the future to award
the members of the Board of Directors cash or stock based consideration for their services to the Company, which awards, if granted
shall be in the sole determination of the Board of Directors. 

Executive Compensation Philosophy   

Our Board of Directors determines the compensation given to our
executive officers in their sole determination. Our Board of Directors reserves the right to pay our executive or any future executives
a salary, and/or issue them shares of common stock issued in consideration for services rendered and/or to award incentive bonuses
which are linked to our performance, as well as to the individual executive officer s performance. This package may also
include long-term stock based compensation to certain executives, which is intended to align the performance of our executives
with our long-term business strategies. Additionally, while our Board of Directors has not granted any performance base stock options
to date, the Board of Directors reserves the right to grant such options in the future, if the Board in its sole determination
believes such grants would be in the best interests of the Company. 

Incentive Bonus   

The Board of Directors may grant incentive bonuses to our executive
officer and/or future executive officers in its sole discretion, if the Board of Directors believes such bonuses are in the Company s
best interest, after analyzing our current business objectives and growth, if any, and the amount of revenue we are able to generate
each month, which revenue is a direct result of the actions and ability of such executives. 

Long-term, Stock Based Compensation   

In order to attract, retain and motivate executive talent necessary
to support the Company s long-term business strategy we may award our executive and any future executives with long-term,
stock-based compensation in the future, at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors, which we do not currently have any immediate
plans to award. 

-11- 

Table of Contents   

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.  

As of December 30, 2016, the Company has 20,000,000 shares of
common stock and no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding, which number of issued and outstanding shares of common
stock and preferred stock have been used throughout this report. 

*The table below is as of September 30, 2016.  

*Tomoo Yoshida and Keiichi
Koga  are the controlling parties of e-Learning Laboratory Co., Ltd.  

Beneficial
ownership has been determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. Under this rule, certain shares may be deemed
to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the
shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire shares (for
example, upon exercise of an option or warrant) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing
the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such
person by reason of such acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as shown in the following
table does not necessarily reflect the person s actual voting power at any particular date.  

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.   

On January 12, 2016, Mr. Thomas DeNunzio, the former sole shareholder
of the Company, consummated a sale of 20,000,000 shares of our common stock to e-Learning Laboratory Co., Ltd. Following the closing
of the share purchase transaction, e-Learning Laboratory Co., Ltd., owns a 100% interest in the issued and outstanding shares of
our common stock. E-Learning Laboratory Co., Ltd., became the controlling shareholder of the Company. Commensurate with the closing,
the Company, filed with the Delaware Secretary of State, a Certificate of Amendment to change the name of Registrant to Exceed
World, Inc. 

On January 12, 2016, Mr. Thomas DeNunzio resigned as our Chief Executive
Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Director, Secretary, and Treasurer. The resignation was not the result of any disagreement
with us on any matter relating to our operations, policies or practices. 

On January 12, 2016, Mr. Tomoo Yoshida was appointed as Chief Executive
Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Director, Secretary, and Treasurer.    

On February 29, 2016, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase
Agreement with Tomoo Yoshida, our President, CEO and Director. Pursuant to this Agreement, on February 29, 2016 Tomoo Yoshida transferred
to Exceed World, Inc., 10 shares of the common stock of E F Co., Ltd., a Japan corporation, ( E F ), which
represents all of its issued and outstanding shares, in consideration of $4,438. This is a merger of entities under common control
and therefore all assets, liabilities and operations of E F will be accounted for at their historical carryover basis and as
if they had been combined since E F s inception. Further note the inception date of E F and that from inception through
the date of acquisition that E F had no revenues and nominal assets. 

Following the effective date of the share purchase transaction above
on February 29, 2016, Exceed World, Inc. gained a 100% interest in the issued and outstanding shares of E F s common
stock and E F became a wholly owned subsidiary of Exceed World Inc. Exceed World, Inc. is the controlling and sole shareholder
of E F. 

On February 29, 2016, the Company wrote off the accrued expenses
owed by the previous owner whose amount was $4,696. The accrued expense written off has been recorded as additional paid in capital. 

As of February 29, 2016, the Company owed a related party in the
amount of $26,239 to Tomoo Yoshida, sole director, for payment of the Company s expenses of which $4,438 was
paid for the acquisition of E Fs common stock. These are due on demand and bear no interest. 

On April 1, 2016, e-Learning Laboratory Co., Ltd. entered into stock
purchase agreements with 7 Japanese shareholders. Pursuant to these agreements, e-Learning Laboratory Co., Ltd. sold 140,000 shares
of common stock in total to these individuals and received $270 as aggregate consideration. Each shareholder paid .215 Japanese
Yen per share. At the time of purchase the price paid per share by each shareholder was the equivalent of about .002 USD. 

The aforementioned sale of shares was exempt from registration in
accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended ( Regulation S ) because the above sales of the
stock were made to non-U.S. persons (as defined under Rule 902 section (k)(2)(i) of Regulation S), pursuant to offshore transactions,
and no directed selling efforts were made in the United States by the issuer, a distributor, any of their respective affiliates,
or any person acting on behalf of any of the foregoing. 

On August 9, 2016, e-Learning Laboratory Co., Ltd. entered into
stock purchase agreements with 33 Japanese shareholders. Pursuant to these agreements, e-Learning Laboratory Co., Ltd. sold 3,300
shares of common stock in total to these individuals and received $330 as aggregate consideration. Each shareholder paid 10 Japanese
Yen per share. At the time of purchase the price paid per share by each shareholder was the equivalent of about 0.1 USD. 

These shares were sold pursuant to the Company s effective
S-1 Registration Statement deemed effective on July 20, 2016 at 4pm EST. 

For the ten months ended September 30, 2016, e-Learning Laboratory
Co. Ltd. provided 10 square meters of office space and 2 square meters of storage space to the Company free of charge. 

Review,
Approval and Ratification of Related Party Transactions   

Given
our small size and limited financial resources, we have not adopted formal policies and procedures for the review, approval or
ratification of transactions, such as those described above, with our executive officer(s), Director(s) and significant stockholders.
We intend to establish formal policies and procedures in the future, once we have sufficient resources and have appointed additional
Directors, so that such transactions will be subject to the review, approval or ratification of our Board of Directors, or an
appropriate committee thereof. On a moving forward basis, our Directors will continue to approve any related party transaction.  

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services.  

Below is the aggregate amount of fees billed
for professional services rendered by our principal accountants with respect to our last two fiscal years. 

Board of Directors Pre-Approval Process, Policies and
Procedures  

Our principal auditors have performed their audit procedures in
accordance with pre-approved policies and procedures established by our sole director. Our principal auditors have informed our
sole director of the scope and nature of each service provided. With respect to the provisions of services other than audit, review,
or attest services, our principal accountants brought such services to the attention of our sole director prior to commencing such
services. 

-12- 

Table of Contents  

PART IV  

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.  

(a) Financial Statements 

1. Financial statements for our company
are listed in the index under Item 8 of this document 

2. All financial statement schedules
are omitted because they are not applicable, not material or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes
thereto. 

(b) Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation
S-K. 

Exhibit No.  

Description   
 
      3.1  
       
      Certificate of Incorporation (1)   

3.2  
       
      By-laws (1)   

3.3  
       
      Articles of Incorporation of E F - translated (2)   

10.1  
       
      Stock Purchase Agreement (2)   

31  
       
      Certification of the Company s
    Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, with respect
    to the registrant s report on Form 10-KT (3)   

32  
       
      Certification of the Company s Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (3)   

99.1  
       
      Resolutions Approving Acquisition (2)   

101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document (4)   

101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema (4)   

101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase (4)   

101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase (4)   

101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase (4)   

101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase (4)   

(1)  
      Filed as an exhibit to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10, as filed with the SEC on February 19, 2015, and incorporated herein by this reference.   
 
      (2)  
      Filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on March 4, 2016, and incorporated herein by this reference.   
 
      (3)  
      Filed herewith.   
 
      (4)  
      Users of this data are advised that, pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, these interactive data files are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or Transition Report for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Section 18 of the Exchange Act of 1934 and otherwise are not subject to liability.   

Signatures  

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Exceed World, Inc.  

 (Registrant) 

By:  /s/ Tomoo Yoshida  

 Tomoo Yoshida, Chief Executive Officer, Chief
Financial Officer 

 Dated: December 30, 2016  

In
accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

By:  /s/ Tomoo Yoshida  

 Tomoo Yoshida, Chief Executive Officer, Chief
Financial Officer 

 Dated: December 30, 2016 

-13- 

<EX-31>
 2
 ex31.htm
 EX-31

EXHIBIT 31.1 

Exceed World, INC.  

 OFFICER'S CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I, Tomoo Yoshida, the Principal Executive Officer of Exceed World, Inc., certify that: 

1.   I have reviewed this transition report on Form 10-K of Exceed World,
Inc.; 

 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

 4. The small business issuer s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
small business issuer and have: 

 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
small business issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the small business issuer's
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

 5. The small business owner s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the small business issuer's
auditors and the audit committee of the small issuer's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business
issuer's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting.  

Dated: December 30, 2016 

By:  /s/  Tomoo Yoshida   

 Tomoo Yoshida, 

Chief  Executive
Officer  

 (Principal
Executive Officer) 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

Exceed World, INC.  

 OFFICER'S CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I, Tomoo Yoshida, the Principal Financial Officer  of Exceed World, Inc., certify
that: 

1.   I have reviewed this transition report on Form 10-K of Exceed World,
Inc.; 

 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

 4. The small business issuer s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
small business issuer and have: 

 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
small business issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the small business issuer's
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

 5. The small business owner s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the small business issuer's
auditors and the audit committee of the small issuer's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business
issuer's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting.  

Dated: December 30, 2016 

By:  /s/ Tomoo Yoshida  

 Tomoo Yoshida, 

  Chief Financial
Officer  

 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 ex32.htm
 EX-32

EXHIBIT 32.1 

Exceed World, INC.  

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Transition Report of Exceed World, Inc. (the Company) on
Form 10-K for the transition period December 1, 2015 to September 30, 2016,    as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
the date hereof (the Report), I,  Tomoo Yoshida,
Principal  Executive Officer of the Company, certify,  pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:   

(1)  The Report fully complies with the  requirements of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to  Tomoo Yoshida
and will be retained by Exceed World, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its
staff upon request.  

Dated: December 30, 2016 

By:  /s/  Tomoo Yoshida   

 Tomoo Yoshida, 

Chief Executive Officer  

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

Exceed World, INC.  

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Transition Report of Exceed World, Inc. (the Company) on
Form 10-K for the  transition period December 1, 2015 to September 30, 2016, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I,  Tomoo
Yoshida, Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certify,  pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:   

(1)  The Report fully complies with the  requirements of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of
this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Tomoo Yoshida and will
be retained by Exceed World, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request. 

Dated: December 30, 2016 

By:  /s/ Tomoo Yoshida  

 Tomoo Yoshida, 

  Chief  Financial
Officer  

 (Principal  Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 exceed-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 exceed-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 exceed-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 exceed-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 exceed-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

