<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_753568_0001437749-16-041155_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7876080</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>101308</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>411900</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2651359</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3357641</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1160816</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>47</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-16-041155.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104162338
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-16-041155
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161002
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EXAR CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000753568
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		IRS NUMBER:				941741481
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36012
		FILM NUMBER:		161975448

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		48720 KATO ROAD
		STREET 2:		48720 KATO ROAD
		CITY:			FREMONT
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94538
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5106687000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		48720 KATO RD
		CITY:			FREMONT
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94538-1167

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-16-041155.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 exar20160830_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q
 
   exar20160830_10q.htm 

a  

UNITED STATES   
   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
   WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549   

FORM 10-Q   

For the quarterly period ended       October 2, 2016   
     
   OR   

For the transition period from        to                

Commission File No. 0-14225   

EXAR CORPORATION   
   (Exact Name of Registrant as specified in its charter)   

Delaware    

94-1741481     

(State or other jurisdiction of   
   incorporation or organization)    

(I.R.S. Employer   
   Identification Number)      

48720 Kato Road, Fremont, CA 94538   
   (Address of principal executive offices, Zip Code)   
     
   (510) 668-7000   
   (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes          No     
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulations S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes         No     
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer   or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  
     
  Large accelerated filer                   Accelerated filer                     
     
  Non-accelerated filer                 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)Smaller reporting company       
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes         No     
     
  The number of shares outstanding of the Registrant s Common Stock was 50,148,050 as of November 1, 2016.  

1

EXAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES   
     
   INDEX TO    
     
   QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q    
     
   FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED   October     2  , 2016    

Page     

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION      

Item 1.   
 
  Financial Statements    
 
  3    

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited)   
 
  3    

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Unaudited)   
 
  4    

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)   
 
  5    

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   
 
  6    

Item 2.   
 
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
 
  24    

Item 3.   
 
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
 
  31    

Item 4.   
 
  Controls and Procedures   
 
  32    

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION      

Item 1.   
 
  Legal Proceedings   
 
  33    

Item 1A.   
 
  Risk Factors   
 
  33    

Item 6.   
 
  Exhibits   
 
  33    

Signatures   
 
  34    

Index to Exhibits   
 
  35     

2

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.            
 
           FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      
     
   EXAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
  (In thousands, except share amounts)  
  (Unaudited)  

See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.   

3

EXAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)   
  (In thousands, except per share amounts)   
  (Unaudited)       

See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.   

4

EXAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS      
  (In thousands)   
  (Unaudited)   

See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.   

5

EXAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    
   (Unaudited)    

NOTE 1.     
 
   ORGANIZATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION      
     
    Description of Business    Exar Corporation ( Exar,   us,   our  or  we ) was incorporated in California in 1971 and reincorporated in Delaware in 1991.   Exar designs, develops and markets analog mixed-signal solutions serving the Industrial, Infrastructure, Automotive, and Audio/Video markets. Our comprehensive knowledge of end-user markets along our experience in analog and mixed signal technology has enabled us to provide innovative solutions designed to meet the needs of the evolving connected world. Applying both analog and mixed signal technologies, our products are deployed in a wide array of applications such as industrial, instrumentation and medical equipment, networking and telecommunication systems, servers, LED lighting solutions, and digital video recorders. We provide customers with a breadth of component products and sub-system solutions based on advanced silicon integration. Exar s product portfolio includes Connectivity, Mixed-signal, Power Management, High Performance Analog, Processors and LED lighting.   
     
    Basis of Presentation and Use of Management Estimates    The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) regarding interim financial reporting. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements and should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 27, 2016   as filed with the SEC. In the opinion of management, the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements contain all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, that we believe are necessary for a fair statement of Exar s financial position as of October 2, 2016 and our results of operations for the three months and six months ended October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015, respectively. These condensed consolidated financial statements are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the entire year  .  
     
  The financial statements include management s estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of sales and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates, and material effects on operating results and financial position may result.   
     
  Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior year consolidated financial statements to conform to the current year s presentation. Such reclassification had no effect on previously reported results of operations or stockholders  equity.  
     
  Our fiscal years consist of 52 or 53 weeks. In a 52-week year, each fiscal quarter consists of 13 weeks. Fiscal years 2017 and 2016 consist of 53 and 52 weeks, respectively. In fiscal year 2017, the first fiscal quarter consists of 14 weeks and   the remaining three fiscal quarters consist of 13 weeks.   
     
    Discontinued Operations        On June 1, 2016, we entered into an agreement to sell 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of Integrated Memory Logic Limited ( iML ), a wholly-owned subsidiary. The sale is expected to close before the end of our current fiscal year. As a result, we report the operating results of iML in the net income (loss) from discontinued operations line in the condensed consolidated statements of operations for all periods presented. In addition, the assets and liabilities associated with iML are reported as assets held for sale and liabilities held for sale, in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Totals for discontinued operation cash flows are separately reported within operating, investing and financing activities within the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. Unless otherwise indicated, the disclosures accompanying the condensed consolidated financial statements reflect our continuing operations. See   Note 3 - Discontinued Operations     .    

NOTE 2.     
 
   RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS NOT YET ADOPTED      
     
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standard Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is that revenue should be recognized in a manner that depicts the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five-step process in order to achieve this core principle which may require the use of judgment and estimates. The entity may adopt ASU 2014-09 either by using a full retrospective approach for all periods presented or a modified retrospective approach. This standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. We have not yet selected a transition method and are currently evaluating the effect of adoption of this standard, if any, on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  

6

In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11, Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory. ASU 2015-11 primarily provides that an entity using an inventory method other than last-in, first out ("LIFO") or the retail inventory method should measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. The new guidance clarifies that net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. This standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016.   We are currently evaluating the effect of adoption of this standard, if any, on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  
     
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01, Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10), Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities, which addresses certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments. ASU 2016-01 will be effective for   fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years, and early adoption is not permitted.   We are currently evaluating the effect of adoption of this standard, if any, on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  
     
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases: (Topic 842  )  to amend the existing accounting standards for leases. The amendments require lessees to recognize, on the balance sheet, assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by leases of greater than twelve months. The accounting by lessors will remain largely unchanged from that applied under previous U.S. GAAP. We are required to adopt the amendments in the first quarter of fiscal 2019, with early adoption permitted. The amendments require a modified retrospective transition approach to recognize and measure leases at the beginning of the earliest period presented. We are currently evaluating the impact of these amendments and the transition alternatives on its consolidated financial statements.  
     
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606):  Principal versus Agent Considerations, to clarify the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations and address how an entity should assess whether it is the principal or the agent in contracts that include three or more parties. The effective date and transition requirements for these amendments are the same as the effective date and transition requirements of ASU 2014-09. We are currently evaluating the impact of these amendments on our financial statements.  
     
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09 , Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting , to reduce complexity in accounting standards involving several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including (1) the income tax consequences, (2) classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and (3) classification on the statement of cash flows. The amendments will be effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years, and early adoption is permitted. An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. The manner of application varies by the various provisions of the guidance, with certain provisions applied on a retrospective or modified retrospective approach, while others are applied prospectively. We are currently evaluating the impact of these amendments on our financial statements.  
     
  In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers, Topic 606   Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing , which clarifies implementation issues that will arise when implementing ASU 2014-09. The amendments in this update clarify the following two aspects of Topic 606: identifying performance obligations and the licensing implementation guidance, while retaining the related principles for those areas. Before an entity can identify its performance obligation in a contract with a customer, the entity first identifies the promised goods or services in the contract. The amendments in this Update are expected to reduce the cost and complexity of applying the guidance on identifying promised goods or services. Topic 606 includes implementation guidance on determining whether an entity s promise to grant a license provides a customer with either a right to use the entity s intellectual property or a right to access the entity s intellectual property. The amendments in this Update are intended to improve the operability and understandability of the licensing implementation guidance. The effective date and transition requirements for the amendments in this Update are the same as the effective date and transition requirements in Topic 606 (and any other Topic amended by Update 2014-09). We are currently evaluating the impact of these amendments and the transition alternatives on its consolidated financial statements.  
     
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,    Financial Instruments  Credit Losses  , Topic 326 -   Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments    ,    which requires credit losses on financial assets measured at their amortized cost basis to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected, not on their incurred losses. Further, credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities should be recorded through an allowance for credit losses limited to the amount by which fair value is below amortized cost. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years,   and early adoption is permitted. We do not expect the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.   

7

NOTE 3.      DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS      
     
  On June 1, 2016, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell iML to Beijing E-town Chipone Technology Co., Ltd for $136 million, payable in cash, adjusted for iML s cash and debt at closing. We have classified the iML disposal group as held-for-sale and presented the results of iML s operations as net income (loss) from discontinued operations in the condensed consolidated statements of operations for all period presented. The assets and liabilities of iML are recorded as assets held for sale and liabilities held for sale within the condensed consolidated balance sheets, respectively. We are expecting to record a gain on the sale of iML that will be recognized when the transaction closes. The transition services associated with this transaction are expected to be immaterial.  
     
  Summarized financial results are presented as net income (loss) from discontinued operations for the three months and six months ended October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015, respectively as follows:  

8

As of October 2, 2016 and March 27, 2016, the aggregate components of assets and liabilities classified as held for sale and included in current assets and current liabilities consisted of the following:  

NOTE 4.     
 
   BALANCE SHEET DETAILS       
     
  Our inventories consisted of the following as of the dates indicated (in thousands):  

Our property, plant and equipment consisted of the following as of the dates indicated below (in thousands):  

9

The decrease in land and building relates to the sale-leaseback of our Fremont office building. The accumulated depreciation and amortization for the six months ended October 2, 2016 includes a $1.5 million write down for impaired design tools. See   Note 13 -   Lease Financing Obligation.           
     
  Our other current liabilities consisted of the following as of the dates indicated (in thousands):  

Our other non-current obligations consisted of the following as of the dates indicated (in thousands):  

The deferred gain included in other current liabilities and non-current obligations relates to deferred gain associated with our sale-leaseback, net of amortization.   See   Note 13. Lease Financing Obligations     .    

NOTE 5.     
 
   FAIR VALUE       
     
   Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. GAAP describes a fair value hierarchy based on three levels of inputs, of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable, that may be used to measure fair value as follows:  
     
  Level 1   Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.  
     
  Level 2   Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.  
     
  Level 3   Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.   
     
  Our cash and investment instruments are classified within Level 1 or Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued using quoted market prices, broker or dealer quotations, or alternative pricing sources with reasonable levels of price transparency.  

10

We had no assets or liabilities utilizing Level 3 inputs as of October 2, 2016 or March 27, 2016.   
     
  There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 during the six months ended October 2, 2016.  
     
  As of October 2, 2016, all of our investments, consisting of money market funds with a fair value of $46.4 million, were classified as Level 1 investments.  
     
  In June 2016, we donated the 93,000 common shares of CounterPath received in the first quarter of fiscal year 2015 resulting from the dissolution of Skypoint Telecom Fund II (US), LP, in which we were a limited partner, and wrote off the related $50,000 carrying value.   
     
  Our cash and cash equivalents as of the dates indicated below were as follows (in thousands):  

Realized gains (losses) on the sale of marketable securities are determined by the specific identification method and are reflected in interest income and other, net within the condensed consolidated statements of operations. During the three months and six months ended October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015, there were no net realized gains (losses) on the sale of marketable securities.  

NOTE 6.     
 
   GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS      
       
   Goodwill   
     
  Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired in a business combination. We evaluate goodwill for impairment on an annual basis or when events and changes in circumstances suggest that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. We conduct our annual impairment analysis in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. Impairment of goodwill is tested at the reporting unit level by comparing the reporting unit s carrying amount, including goodwill, to the fair value of the reporting unit. Estimations and assumptions regarding the number of reporting units, future performances, results of our operations and comparability of our market capitalization and net book value will be used. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, goodwill is considered impaired and a second step is performed to measure the amount of impairment loss. Because we have one single operating segment and one chief operating decision maker, our Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ), we assess goodwill for impairment at the enterprise level.   

11

As of July 3, 2016, we performed a goodwill impairment analysis from continuing operations and concluded that it was not impaired as the fair value of the continuing operations exceeded the carrying value of the continuing business. Upon entering into a definitive agreement to sell iML, $13.3 million of goodwill was reclassified to assets held for sale based on the respective fair values of the disposal group and continuing operations. See   Note 3-  Discontinued Operations  .  
     
   Intangible Assets   
       
  Our purchased intangible assets for continued operations as of the dates indicated below were as follows (in thousands):  

As of the second quarter of fiscal year 2017, $57.1 million of net intangible assets were reclassified to assets held for sale. See   Note 3-Discontinued Operations .   
       
  Long-lived assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their respective estimated useful lives. Existing technology is amortized over two to nine years. Customer relationships are amortized over five to seven years. Distributor relationships are amortized over seven years. Patents/core technology is amortized over six years. Trade names are amortized over three to six years. We evaluate the remaining useful life of our long-lived assets that are being amortized each reporting period to determine whether events and circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of amortization. If the estimate of an intangible asset s remaining useful life is changed, the remaining carrying amount of the long-lived asset is amortized prospectively over the remaining useful life.  
     
  Long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets (or asset group) may not be fully recoverable. Whenever events or changes in circumstances suggest that the carrying amount of long-lived assets may not be recoverable, we estimate the future cash flows expected to be generated by the assets (or asset group) from its use or eventual disposition. If the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of those assets, we recognize an impairment loss based on the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the assets which is derived using a discounted cash flow model. Significant management judgment is required in the grouping of long-lived assets and forecasts of future operating results that are used in the discounted cash flow method of valuation. If our actual results or the plans and estimates used in future impairment analyses are lower than the original estimates used to assess the recoverability of these assets, we could incur additional impairment charges.  
     
  During the three and six months ended October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015, there were no indicators or events that required us to perform an intangible assets impairment review for intangibles from our continuing operations.   

12

The aggregate amortization expenses for our purchased intangible assets for the periods indicated below were as follows (in thousands):   

The total future amortization expenses for our purchased intangible assets are summarized below (in thousands):  

NOTE 7.     
 
   LONG-TERM INVESTMENTS      
     
  In July 2001, Exar became a Limited Partner in the Skypoint Telecom Fund II (US), LP. ( Skypoint Fund ), a venture capital fund focused on investments in communications infrastructure companies. We account for this non-marketable equity investment under the cost method in the other non-current assets in the consolidated balance sheet. The partnership was dissolved and the fund distributed stock of investee companies to Exar during first quarter of fiscal year 2015.  
     
  We periodically review and determine whether the investment is other-than-temporarily impaired, in which case the investment is written down to its impaired value.  
     
  As of the date indicated below, our long-term investments balance, which is included in the other non-current assets line item on the condensed consolidated balance sheets, consisted of the following (in thousands):   

In June 2016, we donated the common shares of Counterpath and recorded the corresponding reduction in long term investment balances. At October 2, 2016 the ending balance consists of an investment in a privately held company.   

NOTE 8.     
 
   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS      
     
   Alonim Investments Inc.   
     
  Alonim Investments Inc. ( Alonim ) through its wholly-owned affiliate, Rodfre Holdings LLC, owns approximately 7.6 million shares, or approximately 16%, of our outstanding common stock as of October 2, 2016. As such, Alonim is our largest stockholder. Future Electronics Inc. ( Future ) is also an affiliate of Alonim and our largest distributor. One of our directors is an executive officer of Future. Our related party transactions primarily involved sales to Future.  

13

Related party net sales as a percentage of our total net sales for the periods indicated below were as follows:  

Related party receivables as a percentage of our net accounts receivables were as follows as of the dates indicated below:  

Related party expenses for marketing promotional materials reimbursed were not significant for the three months and six months ended October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015, respectively.   
     
   FusionOps, Inc.   
     
  The former CEO of FusionOps, Inc. is a member of the board of directors for Exar Corporation. For the three and six months ended September 27, 2015, we paid $28,200 and $81,400, respectively to FusionOps, Inc. to build an application for internal data analysis. Through July 2016 in fiscal year 2017, we paid $82,200 to FusionOps, Inc. We recorded these amounts as expense in the period in which such costs were incurred. Our board member resigned from FusionOps, Inc. in July 2016.  
     
   Interim President and Chief Executive Officer ( Interim CEO )   
     
  Richard Leza served as our interim CEO through May 31, 2016 when the Board of Directors appointed him as Executive Chairman and Technology Advisor. For the six months ended October 2, 2016 we paid $0.1 million and issued 8,000 fully vested restricted stock units with a grant date fair value of $52,600 for his services provided. On June 30, 2016, Mr. Leza resigned as our Executive Chairman and Technology Advisor.   

NOTE   9  .     
 
       COMMON STOCK REPURCHASES       
     
  From time to time with our board of directors  approval, we acquire outstanding common stock in the open market to partially offset dilution from our equity award programs and to increase our return on our invested capital.   
     
  On August 28, 2007, we announced the approval of a share repurchase plan and authorized the repurchase of up to $100.0 million of our common stock.   
     
  On July 9, 2013, we announced the approval of a share repurchase program under which we were authorized to repurchase an additional $50.0 million of our common stock. The repurchase program does not have a termination date, and may be modified, extended or terminated at any time. We intend to retire all shares repurchased under the stock repurchase plan. The purchase price for the repurchased shares of Exar is reflected as a reduction of common stock and additional paid-in capital. Since inception of the repurchase plan to October 2, 2016, we have repurchased a total of 11.1 million shares for an aggregate purchase price of $105.2 million.  
     
  We did not repurchase any common stock during the three or six months ended October 2, 2016 or September 27, 2015.   

14

NOTE 1  0  .     
 
       RESTRUCTURING CHARGES AND EXIT COSTS       
     
  Restructuring expenses result from the execution of management approved restructuring plans that were generally developed to improve our cost structure and/or operations, sometimes in conjunction with our acquisition integration strategies. Restructuring expenses consist of employee severance costs and may also include contract termination costs to improve our cost structure prospectively.   
     
  During the three and six months ended October 2, 2016, we incurred $0.2 million and $1.1 million of restructuring charges and exit costs, respectively. The charges consisted primarily of reduction of our workforce and the impairment of certain fixed assets and licensed technologies. We recorded $0.2 million of the restructuring charges and exit costs as cost of goods sold and $0.9 million as operating expense, respectively. During the three and six months ended September 27, 2015, we incurred $1.7 million and $2.9 million of restructuring charges and costs, respectively. The restructuring charges and exit costs are included in cost of sales and operating expenses.   
     
  Our restructuring liabilities were included in the other current liabilities and other non-current obligations lines within our condensed consolidated balance sheets. The following table summarizes the activities affecting the liabilities as of the dates indicated below (in thousands):   

NOTE 1  1  .     
 
       STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION       
     
  Except for the stock compensation expense section, all amounts consist of both continuing and discontinued operations.  
     
   Employee Stock Participation Plan ( ESPP )   
     
  Our ESPP permits employees to purchase common stock through payroll deductions at a purchase price that is equal to 95% of our common stock price on the last trading day of each three-calendar-month offering period. Our ESPP is non-compensatory.  
     
  The following table summarizes our ESPP transactions during the fiscal periods presented (in thousands, except per share amounts):  

Equity Incentive Plans   
     
  At the annual meeting of stockholders on September 18, 2014 (the  Annual Meeting ), our stockholders approved the Exar Corporation 2014 Equity Incentive Plan ( 2014 Plan ). The 2014 Plan authorizes the issuance of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, stock bonuses and other forms of awards granted or denominated in common stock or units of common stock, as well as cash bonus awards.   

15

Prior to the Annual Meeting, we maintained the Exar Corporation 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2006 Plan ) and the Sipex Corporation 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (the  Sipex 2006 Plan ). As of June 30, 2014, a total of 6,555,492 shares of our common stock were then subject to outstanding awards granted under the 2006 Plan and the Sipex 2006 Plan, and an additional 669,008 shares of our common stock were then available for new award grants under the 2006 Plan. As part of the stockholder approval of the 2014 Plan at the Annual Meeting, we agreed that no new awards will be granted under the 2006 Plan and the Sipex 2006 Plan, although awards made under these plans will remain subject to the terms of each such plan.   
     
  The maximum number of shares of our common stock that may be issued or transferred pursuant to awards under the 2014 Plan equals the sum of: (1) 5,170,000 shares, plus (2) the number of any shares subject to stock options granted under the 2006 Plan and the Sipex 2006 Plan   and outstanding as of the date of the Annual Meeting which expire, or for any reason are cancelled or terminated, after the date of the Annual Meeting without being exercised, plus (3) the number of any shares subject to restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards granted under the 2006 Plan and the Sipex 2006 Plan that are outstanding and unvested as of the date of the Annual Meeting which are forfeited, terminated, cancelled, or otherwise reacquired after the date of the Annual Meeting without having become vested. Awards other than a stock option or stock appreciation right granted under the 2014 Plan are counted against authorized shares available for future issuance on a basis of two shares for each award issued. As of October 2, 2016, there were   approximately 3.3 million shares available for future grants under the 2014 Plan.  
     
    Stock Option Activities    
     
  Our stock option transactions during the six months ended October 2, 2016 are summarized below:   

The aggregate intrinsic values in the table above represent the total pre-tax intrinsic value, which is based on the closing price of our common stock of $9.31 and $5.26 as of   October 2, 2016 and   March 27, 2016, respectively.   These are the values which would have been received by option holders if all option holders exercised their options on that date.  
     
  In January 2012, we granted 480,000 performance-based stock options to our then CEO. The options were scheduled to vest in four equal annual installments at the end of fiscal years 2013 through 2016 if certain predetermined market based financial measures were met. If the financial measures are not met, each installment would be rolled over to the subsequent fiscal year. In January 2014, we granted 140,000 performance-based stock options to our then CEO. The options were scheduled to vest at the end of fiscal year 2017 if certain predetermined financial measures were met. Due to the departure of our then CEO in October 2015, we recorded a reversal of $34,000 of compensation expense for these options in fiscal year 2016 as the requisite service period for vesting was not completed. No additional compensation expense for these options was recorded since the termination date for our former CEO.   
     
  On July 1, 2016 we granted 280,000 and 120,000 performance-based stock options to our CEO and Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ), respectively. The options vest based on the achievement of company performance targets relating to our non-GAAP earnings per share in future periods. If the criteria are met, the options are scheduled to vest over a four-year period, with one-fourth vesting after 12 months from the date of the grant and the remaining shares vesting in equal monthly installments over the remaining three years, subject to the CEO s and CFO s continued service with us. As of October 2, 2016, we did not record any compensation expense associated with these performance-based stock options as a result of low probability of achieving their performance goals.   

16

Options exercised for the periods indicated below were as follows (in thousands):  

RSU Activities    
     
  Our RSU transactions during the six months ended October 2, 2016 are summarized as follows:  

The aggregate intrinsic value of RSUs represents the closing price per share of our stock at the end of the periods presented, multiplied by the number of unvested RSUs or the number of vested and expected to vest RSUs, as applicable, at the end of each period.   
     
  For RSUs, stock-based compensation expense was calculated based on our stock price on the date of grant, multiplied by the number of RSUs granted. The grant date fair value of RSUs less estimated forfeitures was recognized on a straight-line basis, over the vesting period.   
     
  In March 2012, we granted 300,000 performance-based RSUs ( PRSUs )   to our then CEO. The PRSUs were scheduled to vest in three equal installments at the end of fiscal year 2013 through 2015 with three-year vesting periods for each installment if certain predetermined financial measures were met. If the financial measures were not met, each installment would be forfeited at the end of its respective fiscal year. Due to the departure of our then CEO in October, 2015, we recorded a reversal of $41,000 for these PRSUs in fiscal year 2016, as the requisite service period required for vesting was not completed. No additional compensation expense for these options was recorded since the termination date for our former CEO.   
     
  In July 2013, as part of the acquisition of Cadeka, in order to encourage retention of five former Cadeka employees, we agreed to recommend to our Board of Directors in July 2015 a bonus, which, if approved by the Board of Directors, would be settled in RSUs subject to fulfillment of the service period. The ultimate approval of these awards was subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors. We recorded no compensation expense for these awards in the three and six months ended October 2, 2016. We recorded $0.2 million of non-cash compensation expense for these awards in the three and six months ended September 27, 2015.The expense is reported in the other current liabilities line on the condensed consolidated balance sheet as the total amount of bonus was to be settled in variable number of RSUs at the completion of the requisite service period. Such non-cash compensation expense was recorded as part of stock compensation expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. In July 2015, the Board of Directors ultimately determined not to approve the granting of these RSUs. In fiscal year 2016 we paid three of these five former Cadeka employees $75,000 in cash in exchange for a release of claims, including any claim such former employees may have to the RSUs described above. As a result of obtaining these releases, the proportional amount of liability net of cash payments was removed from our condensed consolidated balance sheet, with a corresponding increase in additional paid in capital. For the two remaining employees, an amount of $1.2 million is included in other liabilities as of October 2, 2016, pending the earlier of a settlement with such former employees or the expiration of the relevant statute of limitations.   

17

In October 2013, we granted 70,000 PRSUs to certain executives. The first 50% of the PRSUs was scheduled to start vesting in three equal installments at the end of fiscal year 2015 with a three-year vesting period if certain performance measures were met. The second 50% of the PRSUs was scheduled to start vesting in three equal installments at the end of fiscal year 2016 with a three-year vesting period if certain performance measures were met. We recorded approximately $18,000 and $37,000 of compensation expense for these awards in the three and six months ended October 2, 2016, respectively. We recorded $39,000 and $78,000 of compensation expense for these awards in the three and six months ended September 27, 2015, respectively. One of the executives  employment was terminated in fiscal year 2015.     
     
  In August and December 2014, we granted 88,448 PRSUs to certain former iML employees. The PRSUs are scheduled to start vesting in three equal annual installments upon achievement of certain performance measures. We modified all stock awards outstanding in June 2016 for iML employees impacted by the pending sale of the iML entity. Under the modification, a certain portion of outstanding stock awards will early vest at the close of the transaction based on continued employment as of that date. As a result, we recorded a one-time reversal of $311,000 in stock compensation expense related to these stock awards in the three months ended July 3, 2016. The fair value of modified awards that are expected to vest is being recognized ratably over the estimated requisite service period. We recorded approximately $452,000 of stock compensation expense related to these modified awards in the three months ended October 2, 2016, which is included in discontinued operations.   
     
  In July 2016, we granted 60,000 and 30,000 PRSUs to our CEO and CFO, respectively, which vests based on the achievement of company stock price targets in future periods. If the performance criteria are met, the PRSUs will vest over a three-year period, with one-third of the PRSUs vesting after 12 months from the date of grant and the remaining PRSUs vesting in equal quarterly installments over the remaining two years, subject to the CEO and CFO s continued service with Exar. The value of these awards is estimated using a Monte-Carlo simulation model using the following valuation assumptions:   

Expected term of grants (years)   

3 

Risk-free interest rate   

0.76 
 
  %    

Expected volatility   

50 
 
  %     

For the three and six months ended October 2, 2016, we recorded approximately $24,000 of stock compensation expense related to these PRSUs.   
     
  In July 2016, we announced the Fiscal Year 2017 Management Incentive Program ( 2017 Incentive Program ). Under this program, each participant s award is denominated in shares of our common stock and is subject to attainment of Exar s performance goals as established by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors for fiscal year 2017. We recorded a stock compensation expense of $1.2 million in the three months ended October 2, 2016.  
     
    Stock-Based Compensation Expense    
     
  The following table summarizes stock-based compensation expense related to stock options and RSUs for continuing operations during the fiscal periods presented   (in thousands):   

The amount of stock-based compensation cost capitalized in inventory was immaterial for all periods presented.   

18

Unrecognized Stock-Based Compensation Expense         
     
  The following table summarizes unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to stock options and RSUs, net of reversals,   as of October 2, 2016:   

NOTE 1  2  . NET   INCOME (  LOSS  )   PER SHARE    
     
  Basic net income (loss) per share excludes dilution and is computed by dividing net loss attributable to Exar by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the applicable period. Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution that would occur if outstanding stock options to purchase common stock were exercised for common stock, using the treasury stock method, and the common stock underlying outstanding RSUs was issued.  
  The following table summarizes our net income (loss) per share for the   periods indicated below (in thousands, except per share amounts):  

NOTE 13.       
 
   LEASE FINANCING OBLIGATIONS         
     
  We have acquired licenses to engineering design tools ( Design Tools ) under capital leases. We acquired licenses to Design Tools of $6.9 million in January 2015 under a two-year license and two three-year licenses with prepayment of $1.0 million, $4.4 million in October 2014 under a three-year license with a prepayment of $1.5 million for the first year license and $0.9 million in July 2012 under a three-year license all of which were accounted for as capital leases and recorded in the property, plant and equipment, net line item in the consolidated balance sheets. The obligations related to the Design Tools were included in other current liabilities and long-term lease financing obligations in our condensed consolidated balance sheets as of October 2, 2016 and March 27, 2016, respectively. The effective interest rates for the Design Tools range from 2.0% to 7.25%.  

19

Amortization expense related to the Design Tools, which was recorded using the straight-line method over the remaining useful life for the periods indicated below, was as follows (in thousands):  

During the six months ended October 2, 2016, we recorded an impairment charge of $1.5 million and a restructuring expense of $0.4 million associated with a portion of these Design Tools.  
     
  Future minimum lease and sublease income payments for the lease financing obligations as of October 2, 2016 are as follows (in thousands):  

Interest expense for the lease financing obligations for the periods indicated below was as follows (in thousands):  

In the course of our business, we enter into arrangements accounted for as operating leases related to rental of office space. Rent expenses for all operating leases for the periods indicated below were as follows (in thousands):  

Our future minimum lease payments for the lease operating obligations as of October 2, 2016 are as follows (in thousands):   

NOTE 14.      COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENC  Y   
     
  In early 2012, we received correspondences from the California Department of Toxic Substance Control ( DTSC ) regarding its ongoing investigation of hazardous wastes and hazardous waste constituents at a former regulated treatment facility in San Jose, California. In 1985, Micro Power Systems Inc. ( MPSI ) made two separate permitted hazmat deliveries to a licensed and regulated site for treatment. DTSC has requested that former or current property owners and companies, that had hazardous waste treated at the site participate in further site assessment and limited remediation activities. We have entered into various agreements with other named generators, former property owners and DTSC limited to the investigation of the sites  condition and evaluation, and selection of appropriate remedial measures. The designated environmental consulting firm has prepared and submitted to DTSC a site profile and is currently engaged in further study. Given that this matter is under investigation and discussions are ongoing with respect to various related considerations, we are unable to ascertain our exposure, if any, or estimate a reasonably possible range of loss. In the opinion of management, after consulting with legal counsel, and taking into account insurance coverage, any ultimate liability related to current outstanding claims and lawsuits, individually or in the aggregate, is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial statements, as a whole.  

20

In a letter dated March 27, 2012, we were notified by the Alameda County Water District ( ACWD ) of the recent detection of volatile organic compounds at a site adjacent to a facility that was previously owned and occupied by Sipex. The letter was also addressed to prior and current property owners and tenants (collectively  Property Owners ). ACWD requested that the Property Owners carry out further site investigation activities to determine if the detected compounds are emanating from the site or simply flowing under it. In June 2012, the Property Owners filed with ACWD a report of its investigation/characterization activities and analytical data obtained. Accumulated data suggests that compounds of concern in groundwater appear to be from an offsite source. ACWD is investigating alternative upgradient sites. Given that this investigation is ongoing and we have not received any recent communications from ACWD, we are unable to ascertain our exposure, if any, or estimate a reasonably possible range of loss. In the opinion of management, after consulting with legal counsel, and taking into account insurance coverage, any ultimate liability related to current outstanding claims and lawsuits, individually or in the aggregate, is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial statements, as a whole.  
     
  We warrant all custom products and application specific products, including cards and boards, against defects in materials and workmanship for a period of 12 months, and occasionally we may provide an extended warranty from the delivery date. We warrant all of our standard products against defects in materials and workmanship for a period of 90 days from the date of delivery. Reserve requirements are recorded in the period of sale and are based on an assessment of the products sold with warranty, historical warranty costs incurred and customer/product specific circumstances. Our liability is generally limited, at our option, to replacing, repairing, or issuing a credit (if it has been paid for). Our warranty does not cover damage which results from accident, misuse, abuse, improper line voltage, fire, flood, lightning or other damage resulting from modifications, repairs or alterations performed other than by us, or resulting from failure to comply with our written operating and maintenance instructions.   
     
  Our warranty reserve balances as of October 2, 2016 and March 27, 2016 were immaterial.   
     
  In the ordinary course of business, we may provide for indemnification of varying scope and terms to customers, vendors, lessors, business partners, purchasers of assets or subsidiaries, and other parties with respect to certain matters, including, but not limited to, losses arising out of our breach of agreements or representations and warranties made by us, services to be provided by us, intellectual property infringement claims made by third parties or, matters related to our conduct of the business. In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with our directors and certain of our executive officers that will require us, among other things, to indemnify them against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors or executive officers. We maintain director and officer liability insurance, which may cover certain liabilities arising from our obligation to indemnify our directors and officers, and former directors and officers of acquired companies, in certain circumstances.  
     
  It is not possible to determine the aggregate maximum potential loss under these indemnification agreements due to the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement and claims. Such indemnification agreements might not be subject to maximum loss clauses. Historically, we have not incurred material costs as a result of obligations under these agreements and we have not accrued any liabilities related to such indemnification obligations in our condensed consolidated financial statements.  

NOTE 15.     
 
   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS      
     
  From time to time, we are involved in various claims, legal actions and complaints arising in the normal course of business. We are not a named party to any ongoing lawsuit or formal proceeding that, in the opinion of our management, is likely to have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  

During the three and six months ended October 2, 2016, we recorded an income tax expense from continuing operations of approximately $0.1 million and $0.3 million, respectively. The income tax expense was primarily due to federal alternative minimum taxes on the building sale gain. During the three and six months ended September 27, 2015, we recorded an income tax benefit from continuing operations of approximately $3.4 million and $4.2 million, respectively. The income tax benefit was primarily due to losses benefited against income from discontinued operations.   
   
  During the three months ended October 2, 2016, the unrecognized tax benefits increased by $0.2 million to $17.1 million primarily related to the increase of unrecognized tax benefit on R D tax credits, offset by the lapsing of the statute of limitations. If recognized, $14.1 million of these unrecognized tax benefits (net of federal benefit) would be recorded as a reduction of future income tax provision before consideration of changes in valuation allowance.   

21

Estimated interest and penalties related to the income taxes are classified as a component of the provision for income taxes in the condensed consolidated statement of operations. Accrued interest and penalties consisted of the following as of the dates indicated (in thousands):   

Our major tax jurisdictions are the United States federal and various states, Canada, China, Hong Kong, Korea and certain other foreign jurisdictions. The fiscal years 2003 through 2015 remain open and subject to examinations by the appropriate governmental agencies in the United States and certain of our foreign jurisdictions.  

NOTE 1  7  .     
 
       SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION      
     
  Our foreign operations are conducted primarily through our wholly-owned subsidiaries in Canada, China, France, Germany, Japan, Malaysia, South Korea, Taiwan and the United Kingdom. Our principal markets include Asia Pacific region, North America, and Europe. Net sales by geographic areas represent direct sales principally to original equipment manufacturers ( OEM ), or their designated subcontract manufacturers, and to distributors (affiliated and unaffiliated) who buy our products and resell to their customers.  
     
  Our net sales by geographic area for the periods indicated below were as follows (in thousands):  

Substantially all of our long-lived assets as of October 2, 2016 and March 27, 2016, respectively, were located in the United States.  
     
  The following distributors and customers accounted for 10% or more of our net sales in the periods indicated:  

*   Net sales for this distributor or customer for this period were less than 10% of our net sales.  
 + Related Party 
 No other distributor or customer accounted for 10% or more of the net sales for the three months ended October 2, 2016 or September 27, 2015, respectively. 

22

The following distributors and customers accounted for 10% or more of our net accounts receivable as of the dates indicated:  

______________  
  * Accounts receivable for this customer for this period were less than 10% of total account balance.  
  + Related Party  
     
  No other distributor or customer accounted for 10% or more of the net accounts receivable as of October 2, 2016 or March 27, 2016, respectively.  

23

ITEM 2.       MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
       
   The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, as well as information contained in      Part II, Item 1A.    below and elsewhere in this     Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q,   contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements are generally written in the future tense and/or may generally be identified by words such as  will,   may,   should,   would,   could,   expect,   suggest,   possible,   potential,   target,   commit,   continue,   believe,   anticipate,   intend,   project,   projected,   positioned,   plan,  or other similar words. Forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report include, among others, statements made in Part I, Item 2  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of   Operations  Second Quarter of Fiscal   Year   2017 Executive Summary  and elsewhere regarding (1) our future strategies and target markets, (2) our future revenues, gross profits and margins, (3) our   future research and development ( R D ) efforts and related expenses, (4) our future selling, general and administrative expenses ( SG A ), (5) our cash and cash equivalents, short-term marketable securities and cash flows from operations being sufficient to satisfy working capital requirements and capital equipment needs for at least the next 12 months, (6) the possibility of future acquisitions and investments, (7)     the impact of accounting pronouncements and our critical accounting policies, judgments, estimates, models and assumptions on our financial results, including   our ability to accurately estimate our assumptions used in valuing stock-based compensation   and   our ability to estimate and reconcile distributors  reported inventories to their activities, (  8  ) our ability to estimate future cash flows associated with long-lived assets, and (  9  ) the volatile global economic and financial market condition  , (10) our beliefs regarding our unrecognized tax benefits and (11) the impact of our proposed sale of Integrated Memory Logic ( iML ) on our business  . These statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and our potential financial performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our business, operating results and financial condition to differ materially and adversely from what is projected or implied by any forward- looking statement included in this Quarterly Report. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially     from those stated herein include, but are not limited to: the information contained under the caption  Part I, Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and  Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors,  as well as those risks discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the   fiscal year ended March 27, 2016  . We disclaim any obligation to update information in any forward-looking statement, except as required by law.   
       
   The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto, included in this Quarterly Report and our audited consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the   fiscal year ended March 27, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Our results of opera  tions for the three and six   months ended   October 2, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for any future period.    
     
   Business Overview   
       
  Exar Corporation ( Exar,   us,   our  or  we ) designs, develops and markets analog mixed-signal application solutions serving the Industrial, Infrastructure, Automotive, and Audio/Video markets. Our comprehensive knowledge of end-user markets together with our experience in analog and mixed signal technology has enabled us to provide innovative solutions designed to meet the needs of the evolving connected world. Applying both analog and mixed signal technologies, our products are deployed in a wide array of applications such as industrial, instrumentation and medical equipment, networking and telecommunication systems, servers, LED lighting solutions, and digital video recorders. We provide customers with a breadth of component products and sub-system solutions based on advanced silicon integration. Our product portfolio includes Connectivity, Mixed-signal, Power Management, High Performance Analog, Video Processors, data compression and encryption, and LED lighting solutions.  
     
  We market our products worldwide with sales offices and personnel located throughout the Americas, Europe, and Asia. Our products are also sold through channel partners, including distributors and manufacturers  representatives. We also employ a worldwide team of field application engineers ( FAE ) to work directly with our customers.  
     
  Our international sales are denominated in U.S. dollars. Our international-related operating expenses expose us to fluctuations in currency exchange rates because our foreign operating expenses are denominated in foreign currencies while our sales are denominated in U.S. dollars. Our operating results are subject to fluctuations as a result of several factors that could materially and adversely affect our future profitability as described in   Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors Our Financial Results May Fluctuate Significantly Because Of A Number Of Factors, Many Of Which Are Beyond Our Control.    

24

Second     Quarter of Fiscal Year 2017   Executive Summary      
       
   iML Sale . On June 1, 2016, we entered into an agreement to sell 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of Integrated Memory Logic Limited ( iML ), a wholly-owned subsidiary. The sale is expected to close before the end of our current fiscal year. As a result, we report the operating results of iML in the net income (loss) from discontinued operations line in the condensed consolidated statements of operations for all periods presented. In addition, the assets and liabilities associated with iML are reported as assets held for sale and liabilities held for sale, as appropriate, in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Totals for discontinued operation cash flows are separately reported within operating, investing and financing activities within the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. Unless otherwise indicated, the disclosures accompanying the condensed consolidated financial statements reflect Exar s continuing operations. See   Note 3-Discontinued Operations .    
     
  Our fiscal years consist of 52 or 53 weeks. In a 52-week year, each fiscal quarter consists of 13 weeks. Fiscal years 2017 and 2016 consist of 53 and 52 weeks, respectively. The first quarter of fiscal years 2017 and 2016 consist of 14 and 13 weeks, respectively.   
     
  Net income decreased $7.5 million for the second quarter of fiscal year 2017, compared to the first quarter of fiscal year 2017. Net income from continuing operations for the second quarter of fiscal year 2017 was $0.1 million, compared with a net income of $7.5 million for the first quarter of fiscal year 2017. Net income for the first quarter of fiscal 2017 included a gain of $9.3 million associated with the sale of our Fremont Campus. We continue to manage our operating expenses while continuing to invest an appropriate amount in research and development projects for future products.  
       
   Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates    
     
  There have been no significant changes to our critical accounting policies during the three   months ended October 2, 2016  , as compared to the previous disclosures in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 27, 2016  .  

25

Results of Operations    
       
  Our Statements of Operations data were as follows for the periods presented (in thousands, except percentages):  

26

Net Sales   
       
  Geographically, our net sales in dollars and as a percentage of total net sales were as follows for the periods presented (in thousands, except percentages):  

Three Months Ended October 2, 2016 Compared with Three Months Ended September 27, 2015    
       
  Net sales increased $4.8 million, or 21% compared to the same period in the prior fiscal year. The increase was mainly due to a $2.6 million and $3.2 million increase in sales volume in the Asia and Americas markets, respectively, partially offset by a $1.0 million decrease of sales volume in the Europe market. The increase in net sales was primarily due to the higher sales volume of advanced products.  

27

Six     Months Ended October 2, 2016 Compared with Three Months Ended September 27, 2015    
       
        Net sales increased $3.8 million, or 7%, in the six months ended October 2, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior fiscal year. The increase was mainly due to a $4.9 million and $1.3 million increase in sales volume in the Asia and Americas markets, respectively, partially offset by a $2.3 million decrease of sales volume in the Europe market. The increase in net sales was primarily due to the higher sales volume of advanced products.  
       
   Gross Profit   
     
  Gross profit as a percentage of net sales for the three months ended October 2, 2016 increased by approximately $4.6 million, as compared to the same period a year ago. The increase was primarily a result of our continued cost reduction efforts leading to decreased costs as well as increased advanced product sales which generally sell at higher margins. Further, the increase was a result of a $0.5 million decrease in restructuring charges and a $2.5 million cash consideration we paid to one of our distributors to settle a dispute relating to our data compression products which we recorded as a one-time reduction of revenue, partially offset by the receipt of $1.5 million of proceeds from a legal settlement related to our data compression products in the second quarter of fiscal year 2016.  
     
  Gross profit for the six months ended October 2, 2016 increased by approximately $5.1 million, as compared to the same period a year ago. The increase was primarily a result of the aforementioned reasons in the paragraph above.   
      
  We believe that gross profit will fluctuate as a percentage of sales and in absolute dollars due to, among other factors, the inclusion of product mix, the amortization of the costs of acquired intangibles, product and manufacturing costs, our ability to leverage fixed operational costs, shipment volumes, competitive pricing pressure on our products, and currency fluctuations.   
       
   Research and Development ( R D )   
     
  R D expenses for the three and six months ended October 2, 2016 decreased $0.9 million and $2.4 million, respectively, as compared to the same periods in the prior fiscal year. The decrease was primarily due to our strategic restructuring activities which resulted in a decrease in average headcount combined with a decrease in depreciation expense of $0.5 million associated with design tools impaired subsequent to the first quarter of the prior fiscal year.  
     
  We believe that R D expenses will fluctuate in absolute dollars due to, among other factors, the inclusion of costs associated with increased investment in software development, variable compensation, incentives, annual merit increases and fluctuations in reimbursements under a research and development contract.   
     
   Selling, General and Administrative ( SG A )   
     
  SG A expenses for the three months ended October 2, 2016 increased $0.6 million as compared with the same period a year ago. The increase was mainly due to $0.7 million stock based compensation expense recorded for our 2017 incentive plan, partially offset by a decrease in average headcount.  
     
  SG A expenses for the six months ended October 2, 2016 decreased $0.6 million as compared with the same period a year ago. The decrease was mainly due to a decrease in average headcount resulting from our strategic restructuring activities.   
     
  We believe that SG A expenses will fluctuate in absolute dollars due to, among other factors, the inclusion of costs associated with variable commissions, legal costs, variable compensation, incentives and annual merit increases.  
       
   Impairment of Design Tools   
       
  During the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, we recorded an impairment charge of $1.5 million attributable to design tools licensed from third parties. The impairment was due to the restructuring activities during the quarter which resulted in the abandonment of certain design tools.  
       
   Gain on   sale of land and building under a sale-leaseback arrangement   
     
  During the first fiscal quarter of 2017, we sold our Fremont Campus resulting in a g  ain of $11.9 million. Due to the sale and leaseback provision in the sale agreement, $2.6 million of the gain was deferred and is being recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease and recorded as reduction in rent expense. This resulted in a gain of $9.3 million recorded during the first fiscal quarter of fiscal year 2017.  

28

Restructuring Charges and Exit Costs    
       
  Restructuring charges and exit costs for the three and six months ended October 2  , 2016, decreased $1.0 million and $1.3 million, respectively, as compared with the same periods a year ago.  See      Note 10   Restructuring Charges and Exit Costs.     
     
   Interest Income and Other, Net   
     
  Interest income and other, net primarily consists of interest income, foreign exchange gains or losses, and realized gains or losses on marketable securities.  
     
  Interest income and other, net during the three and six months ended October 2, 2016 each remained consistent with the same period a year ago.  
       
   Interest Expense and Other, Net   
     
  Interest expense for the three and six months ended October 2, 2016 decreased approximately $16,000 and $26,000, respectively, from the same period in the prior fiscal year and is attributable to interest paid on capital leases.   
     
   Provision for Income Taxes   
     
  During the three months and six months ended October 2, 2016, we recorded an income tax expense from continuing operations of approximately $0.1 million and $0.3 million, respectively. The income tax expense was primarily due to federal alternative minimum taxes on the gain from the sale of our Fremont Campus. During the three months and six months ended September 27, 2015, we recorded an income tax benefit from continuing operations of approximately $3.4 million and $4.2 million, respectively. The income tax benefit was primarily due to losses benefited against income from discontinued operations.     
     
   Net Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations      
     
  Net income from discontinued operations for the three and six months ended October 2, 2016 was $0.9 million and $2.3 million, respectively, compared to a loss of $2.1 million and $2.3 million, respectively, for the same periods of the prior year. The increase in net income was primarily attributable to a   decrease in average headcount resulting from our strategic restructuring activities.  
     
   Liquidity and Capital Resources   

We have adequate cash and cash equivalents and cash flows to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months.       

29

Six   months ended   October     2  , 2016   
          
  Cash generated from our operating activities was $9.7 million during the six months ended October 2  , 2016. While we recorded net income of $9.9 million, this income included non-cash expenses such as depreciation and amortization of $3.3 million, stock-based compensation expense of $3.5 million and impairment of design tools of $1.5 million. We also recognized a gain on the sale of our Fremont facility of $9.3 million. Cash flow from changes in assets and liabilities was primarily due to decreases in accounts receivable of $0.5 million, a decrease of other current assets of $0.7 million and an increase in accounts payable of $1.2 million. The increase was offset by an increase in inventory of $2.4 million.  
   
  Cash provided from investing activities during the six months ended October 2, 2016 was $23.7 million, primarily from the sale of our Fremont facility.   
     
  Cash provided by financing activities during the six months ended October 2, 2016 was $8.0 million which consisted of net receipts of $9.1 million associated with our employee stock plan, partially offset by   $0.9 million in repayment of a lease financing obligation.   
     
   Six   months ended   September     27  , 2015   
     
  Cash provided from our operating activities was $23,000 during the six months ended September 27, 2015. We recorded a net loss of $6.7 million which included non-cash expenses such as depreciation and amortization of $4.5 million and stock-based compensation expense of $3.0 million. Cash flow from changes in assets and liabilities was primarily due to decreases in prepaid expenses, other current assets and other assets of $6.4 million and an increase in accounts payable of $2.7 million offset by a decrease in deferred income of $2.8 million and a decrease in other current and non-current liabilities of $5.9 million.     
     
  Cash used in investing activities during the six months ended September 27, 2015 was $0.6 million due to the purchase of property, plant and equipment.  
     
  Cash used in financing activities during the six months ended September 27, 2015 was $1.2 million, which reflects a $0.4 million cash settlement for equity awards and a $0.9 million payment of a lease financing obligation.  

Recent Accounting Pronouncements    
     
  Please refer to   Part I, Item 1. Financial Statements   and   Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 2   Recent Accounting Pronouncements .   

30

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   
     
  We have not utilized special purpose entities to facilitate off-balance sheet financing arrangements. However, we have, in the normal course of business, entered into agreements which impose warranty obligations with respect to our products or which obligate us to provide indemnification of varying scope and terms to customers, vendors, lessors and business partners, our directors and executive officers, purchasers of assets or subsidiaries, and other parties with respect to certain matters. These arrangements may constitute  off-balance sheet transactions  as defined in Section 303(a)(4) of Regulation S-K.   Please see   Note 14     Commitments and Contingencies   to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our product warranty liabilities and indemnification obligations.  
       
  As discussed in   Note 14     Commitments and Contingencies,   during the normal course of business, we make certain indemnities and commitments under which we may be required to make payments in relation to certain transactions. These indemnities include non-infringement of patents and intellectual property, indemnities to our customers in connection with the delivery, design, manufacture and sale of our products, indemnities to our directors and officers in connection with legal proceedings, indemnities to various lessors in connection with facility leases for certain claims arising from such facility or lease and indemnities to other parties to certain acquisition agreements. The duration of these indemnities and commitments varies, and in certain cases, is indefinite. We believe that substantially all of our indemnities and commitments provide for limitations on the maximum potential future payments we could be obligated to make. However, we are unable to estimate the maximum amount of liability related to our indemnities and commitments because such liabilities are contingent upon the occurrence of events which are not reasonably determinable.  
       
   Contractual Obligations and Commitments      
     
  Our contractual obligations and commitments at October 2, 2016 were as follows (in thousands):   

(1)   
 
  We place purchase orders with wafer foundries, back end suppliers and other vendors as part of our normal course of business. We expect to receive and pay for wafers, capital equipment and various service contracts over the next 12 months from our existing cash balances.    

(2)   
 
  Operating lease payments including real property leases for our worldwide offices.     
       
   Other commitments   
     
  As of October 2, 2016, our unrecognized tax benefits were $17.1 million, of which $3.6 million was classified as other non-current obligations. We believe that it is reasonably possible that the amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits related to the resolution of income tax matters could be reduced by approximately $0.8 million during the next 12 months as the statute of limitations expires. See   Note 16   Income Taxes.                                                      
       
   ITEM 3.       QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   
       
  Market risk is the risk of potential economic loss principally arising from adverse changes in the fair value of financial instruments. The major components of market risk affecting us are interest rate risk and foreign currency exchange rate risk.  
     
   Interest Rate Risk.  As of October 2, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $96.4 million. Cash and cash equivalents consisted of cash and highly liquid money market instruments. We would not expect our operating results or cash flows to be affected to any significant degree by the effect of a sudden change in market interest on our portfolio. A hypothetical decrease in market interest rates of 10% from the market rates in effect at October 3, 2016 would cause the fair value of these investments to decrease by an immaterial amount, which would not have significantly impacted our financial position or results of operations. Declines in interest rates over time will result in lower interest income and interest expense.     

31

Foreign Currency Fluctuations . We are exposed to foreign currency fluctuations primarily through our foreign operations. This exposure is the result of foreign operating expenses and cash balances being denominated in foreign currency. Operational currency requirements are typically forecasted for a one-month period. If there is a need to hedge this risk, we may enter into transactions to purchase currency in the open market or enter into forward currency exchange contracts. A hypothetical change of 10% of an exchange rate would not result in a material impact to our financial condition or results of operations.   
     
  Except for the foreign exchange rate risk, there have been no material changes in the quantitative or qualitative aspect of our market risk profile since March 27, 2016. For additional information regarding our exposure to certain market risks, see Item 7A,   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About   Market Risk,   in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 27, 2016.  

ITEM 4.     
 
   CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES      
     
   Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures ( Disclosure Controls )   
     
  Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer (our principal executive officer) (the  CEO ) and our Chief Financial Officer (our principal financial and accounting officer) (the  CFO ) have evaluated the effectiveness of   our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )) (the  Evaluation ), as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. This Evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our CEO, as principal executive officer, and CFO, as principal financial officer. Attached as Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are the certifications of the CEO and the CFO, respectively, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the  Certifications ). This section of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q provides information concerning the Evaluation referred to in the Certifications and should be read in conjunction with the Certifications.  
     
  Based on the Evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective at the reasonable assurance level as of October 2, 2016.  
       
   Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   
     
  There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

32

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.     
 
   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS      
     
  See Note 15 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further discussion.  
     
   ITEM 1A.      RISK FACTORS   
     
  In addition to the cautionary information included in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on May 27, 2016 and Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 10, 2016, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations.   

ITEM 6.             EXHIBITS   
     
  (a)     Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K  
     
  See the Exhibit Index, which follows the signature page to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  

33

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Exar Corporation to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

EXAR CORPORATION   
   (Registrant)     

November 4, 2016   
 
  By   
 
  /s/ Keith Tainsky    

Keith Tainsky  
  Chief Financial Officer  
  (On the Registrant s Behalf and as Principal Financial Officer)     

November 4, 2016   
 
  By   
 
  /s/ Jing Lin    

Jing Lin  
  Chief Accounting Officer  
  (On the Registrant s Behalf and as Principal Accounting Officer)     

34

INDEX TO EXHIBITS   

*Schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. Exar agrees to furnish supplementally to the Securities and Exchange Commission a copy of any omitted schedules upon requests.   
     
   1  The certifications contained in Exhibit 32.1 and 32.3 are not deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Exar under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, whether made before or after the date hereof irrespective of any general incorporation by reference language contained in any such filing, except to the extent that the filing specifically incorporates by reference.   

35   

<EX-10.2>
 2
 ex10-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2
 
   ex10-2.htm 

Exhibit 10.2   

COMPANY CONFIDENTIAL  

PLAN DOCUMENT   
     
   Fiscal Year   2017   
     
   Management Incentive Program   

The Exar Corporation (the  Company ) Fiscal Year 2017 Management Incentive Program (the  Program ) is a stock based incentive program designed to motivate participants to achieve the Company s financial, operational and strategic goals and to reward them for performance against those goals. Incentives granted under the Program are denominated in shares of the Company s common stock and are subject to the attainment of Company performance goals as established by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the  Board ) for the fiscal year.  

Participants are approved solely at the discretion of the Compensation Committee when acting on behalf of the full Board. All executive officers are eligible to be considered for participation. The CEO may recommend that additional employees of the Company and/or its subsidiaries participate in the Program, subject to the approval of the Compensation Committee.  
     
  Participation in the Program is established on an annual basis. Previous participants are not automatically included in subsequent years.  

Participants who give notice of termination or who terminate employment, voluntarily or involuntarily, prior to the date of payout are not eligible for payment.  
     
  Employees who are on a Leave of Absence in excess of 60 calendar days during the Program year shall have their target award prorated by the amount of time actually worked plus 60 days.  

The Compensation Committee is ultimately responsible for administering the Program, and has designated the Management Committee, consisting of the CEO, the CFO, and the Vice President of Human Resources to administer the Program, provided that the Compensation Committee shall make all determinations with respect to incentives granted to executive officers under the Program. The Compensation Committee, in its sole discretion, may amend or terminate a Final Share Award and/or the Program, or any part or element thereof, at any time and for any reason without prior notice.  

5  .1            The Salary                  
       
  The  Salary  is the annual base salary, as established at the start of the fiscal year, or at the time of Program entry, exclusive of bonuses, incentive payments or awards, auto allowance, or any such extras or perquisites over base pay.  

COMPANY CONFIDENTIAL  

5.2               The Target Share Award   
     
    A participant s  Target Share Award  is expressed as the total number of shares the participant is eligible to receive at 100% payout. The Target Share Award is calculated by multiplying the participant s Salary by a pre-approved target incentive percentage and dividing the result by the closing value of Exar s stock price as of the first trade date of the Program fiscal year (for FY17 the stock price is $5.24). Each participant s Target Share Award is subject to further adjustment based on Company performance, length of service during the Plan year, and/or by the Compensation Committee upon the occurrence of a stock split, reorganization or other similar event affecting the Company s common stock in accordance with the principles set forth in the terms of the Company s Equity Incentive Plan.   
     
   5.3        Maximum Award   
     
  No participant may receive an award greater than 150% of the  Target Share Award .  
     
   5.4         Target Pool Earned    
     
  At the end of the fiscal year, the Compensation Committee will determine the percentage of the target pool earned ( Target Pool Earned ) for all participants by assessing the Company s performance against financial goals for revenue and non-GAAP operating income (EBIT), before cash profit sharing, as established by the Board of Directors. Funding of the Target Pool Earned will occur only if 90% of the revenue and 80% of EBIT, before cash profit sharing, are achieved.  
     
   5.  5             Final Share Award   
     
  The final number of shares to be awarded to each participant shall be determined by multiplying the participant s Target Share Award by the Target Pool Earned.   
     
   6.0            Other Program Provisions   
     
   6.1     Tax Withholding   
     
  Shares issued in respect of an award hereunder are subject to applicable taxes at the time of payment, and payment of such taxes is the responsibility of the participant. Subject to the terms of the Plans, upon any distribution of shares of the Company s common stock in payment of an award hereunder, the Company may reduce the number of shares to be delivered by (or otherwise reacquire) the appropriate number of whole shares, valued at their then fair market value (with the  fair market value  of such shares determined in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Plans, to satisfy any withholding obligations of the Company or its subsidiaries with respect to such distribution of shares at the minimum applicable withholding rates). In the event that the Company cannot legally satisfy such withholding obligations by such reduction of shares, or in the event of a cash payment or any other withholding event in respect of an award hereunder, the Company (or a subsidiary) shall be entitled to require a cash payment by or on behalf of the participant and/or to deduct from other compensation payable to the participant any sums required by federal, state or local tax law to be withheld with respect to such distribution or payment.  
     
   6.2     Restrictions on Transfer    
     
  Neither the participant s award hereunder, nor any interest therein or amount or shares payable in respect thereof may be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of, alienated or encumbered, either voluntarily or involuntarily.  

COMPANY CONFIDENTIAL   

6.3     Termination of Employment    
     
  Notwithstanding any other provision herein, a participant must be employed with the Company or one of its subsidiaries on the date on which shares are issued in payment of awards under the Program to be eligible to receive payment with respect to his or her award. If a participant s employment with the Company or a subsidiary terminates for any reason (whether voluntarily or involuntarily, due to his death or disability, or otherwise) prior to the payment date, the participant s award under the Program will terminate and the participant will have no further rights with respect thereto or in respect thereof.  
     
   6.4     No Right to Continued Employment    
     
  Participation in the Program does not constitute a guarantee of employment or interfere in any way with the right of the Company (or any subsidiary) to terminate a participant s employment or to change the participant s compensation or other terms of employment at any time. There is no commitment or obligation on the part of the Company (or any subsidiary) to continue any incentive program (similar to the Program or otherwise) in any future fiscal year.  
     
   6.5     No Stockholder Rights    
     
  The participant shall have no rights as a stockholder of the Company, no dividend rights and no voting rights, with respect to his or her award hereunder and any shares underlying or issuable in respect of such award until such shares are actually issued to and held of record by the participant. No adjustments will be made for dividends or other rights of a holder for which the record date is prior to the date of issuance of the stock certificate.  
     
   6.6     Adjustments    
     
  The Compensation Committee may, in its sole discretion, adjust performance measures, performance goals, relative weights of the measures, and other provisions of the Plan to the extent (if any) it determines that the adjustment is necessary or advisable to preserve the intended incentives and benefits to reflect (1) any material change in corporate capitalization, any material corporate transaction (such as a reorganization, combination, separation, merger, acquisition, or any combination of the foregoing), or any complete or partial liquidation of the Company, (2) any change in accounting policies or practices, or (3) the effects of any special charges to the Company s earnings, or (4) any other similar special circumstances.  

COMPANY CONFIDENTIAL  

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1
 
   ex31-1.htm 

EXHIBIT 31.1   
     
   PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION   

I, Ryan A. Benton, certify that:  

1.   
 
  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Exar Corporation;     

2.   
 
  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3.   
 
  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4.   
 
  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

(a)   
 
  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b)   
 
  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c)   
 
  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d)   
 
  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5.   
 
  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a)   
 
  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b)   
 
  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     
     
  Date:   November 4, 2016  

/s/    Ryan A. Benton           

Ryan A. Benton           

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2
 
   ex31-2.htm 

EXHIBIT 31.2   
     
   PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION   

I,   Keith Tainsky, certify that:  

1.   
 
  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Exar Corporation;     

2.   
 
  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3.   
 
  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4.   
 
  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

(a)   
 
  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b)   
 
  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c)   
 
  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d)   
 
  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5.   
 
  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a)   
 
  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b)   
 
  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     
     
  Date:   November 4, 2016  

/s/   Keith Tainsky   

Keith Tainsky   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1
 
   ex32-1.htm 

Exhibit 32.1   
     
   CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   
   PURSUANT TO   
   18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
   AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
   SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
     
  I, Ryan A. Benton, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report of Exar Corporation on Form 10-Q for the period ended October 2, 2016   fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and that the information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Exar Corporation.  
     
  Date: November 4, 2016  

/s/   Ryan A. Benton           

Ryan A. Benton            

Chief Executive Officer    

(Principal Executive Officer)   

I,   Keith Tainsky, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report of Exar Corporation on Form 10-Q for the period ended October 2, 2016 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and that the information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Exar Corporation.  
     
  Date: November 4, 2016  

/s/     Keith Tainsky     

Keith Tainsky     
  Chief Financial Officer     
  (Principal Financial Officer)      

This certification is being furnished pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and will not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. This certification will not be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing.       

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 exar-20161002.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 exar-20161002.xsd
 EXHIBIT 101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 exar-20161002_cal.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 exar-20161002_def.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 exar-20161002_lab.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 exar-20161002_pre.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

