<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1211211_0001642863-16-000026_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1488043</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>90980</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>106972</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>526604</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>398686</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>301655</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>32</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001642863-16-000026.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114084853
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001642863-16-000026
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		37
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Median Group Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001211211
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ADVERTISING [7310]
		IRS NUMBER:				320034926
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50431
		FILM NUMBER:		161990907

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9901 I.H. 10 WEST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			SAN ANTONIO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78230
		BUSINESS PHONE:		01186755 61657704

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9901 I.H. 10 WEST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			SAN ANTONIO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78230

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	China Media Group CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051118

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DELIGHTFULLY FROZEN CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20021219

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001642863-16-000026.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 r10q-111416mgi.htm
 10-Q ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016

FORM 10-Q | Median Group Inc. 

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

  FORM
10-Q  

[ x ]  
       QUARTERLY
    REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934    

For
    the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016    

[  ]  
       TRANSITION
    REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT    

For
    the transition period from [          ] to [          ]    

--------------------------------------------------------------------  

  Commission
File Number: 000-50431  

MEDIAN
GROUP INC.   

   ---------------------------------------------------------------------   

   (Exact
name of small business issuer as specified in its charter)   

Texas   
       7310   
       32-0034926    
 
      -----------------------  
      ------------------------  
      ----------------------   
 
      (State or other jurisdiction
    of incorporation or organization)  
      (Primary Standard
    Industrial Classification Code Number)  
      (I.R.S. Employer
    Identification No.)   

Tel:
+603 2716 4195   Fax: +603 2716 4194   

   -------------------------------------------------   

   (Company's
Telephone Number, Including Area Code)   

(Former
Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal Year if Changed Since Last Report)  

Indicate
    by check whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange
    Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
    and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   
 
  Yes
[ x ]    No [  ]  

Indicate
    by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
    Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during
    the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   
 
  Yes
[ x ]    No [  ]  

Indicate
    by check whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting
    company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  small reporting
    company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (check one)   
 
  Large
Accelerated Filer [  ]  Accelerated Filer [  ]  Non-Accelerated Filer [  ]  Smaller
Reporting Company  [ x ]  

SEC 1296 (03-10)  
           
       Potential
    persons who are to respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the
    form displays a currently valid OMB control number.    

Indicate
    by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).   
 
  Yes
[  ]    No[ x ]  

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS    

This
    quarterly report contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the  Private Securities Litigation Reform
    Act of 1995 . These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you can identify
    forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may ,  will ,  should ,  expects ,
     plans ,  anticipates ,  believes ,  estimates ,  predicts ,  potential 
    or  continue  or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions
    and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks in the section entitled  Risk
    Factors  that may cause our or our industry's actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be
    materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these
    forward-looking statements.   

Although
    we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results,
    levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the
    United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results.   

Our
    financial statements are stated in United States Dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted
    Accounting Principles. In this quarterly report, unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are expressed in United States
    Dollars.   

As
    used in this quarterly report, the terms  we ,  us ,  our ,  MGI , and  the Company 
    mean Median Group Inc. and its subsidiaries unless otherwise indicated.   

-
1 -  

PART
    I    

Item 1.   
       Condensed Consolidated
    Financial Statements    

Median
Group Inc.   

   Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements   

   (Unaudited)   

  (Expressed
In United States Dollars)  

Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (Audited)   

Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

Condensed
Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity for the nine months ended 30 September 2016   

Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

Notes
to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

F-1  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements  

F-2  

MEDIAN
    GROUP INC   
 
       CONDENSED
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS    
 
       FOR
    THE THREE MONTHS AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015    
 
       (UNAUDITED)    

*  
      Weighted
    average number of shares used to compute basic and diluted loss per share for the three months and nine months ended September
    30, 2016 and 2015 are the same since the effect of dilutive securities are anti-dilutive.   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

F-3  

MEDIAN
    GROUP INC   
 
       CONDENSED
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS    
 
       FOR
    THE THREE MONTHS AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015    
 
       (UNAUDITED)    

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.   

F-4  

MEDIAN
    GROUP INC    
 
       CONDENSED
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY    
 
        FOR
        THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   

(UNAUDITED)    

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

F-5  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

F-6  

MEDIAN GROUP INC   
 
      NOTES
    TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

NOTE
    1   
       ORGANIZATION    

Median
    Group Inc. (formerly known as Clixster Mobile Group Inc. with effect from April 3, 2014 and prior to that date known as China
    Media Group Corporation) (the  Company ) is a Texas corporation, incorporated on October 1, 2002.   

In
    2006, the Company was engaged in the advertising and media business. Then in 2012, it shifted focus to be a distributor of
    electronics and light appliance. Today the Group is engaged in telecom products and services to closed group communities.   

Our
    recent corporate activities are summarized below.   

On
    January 31, 2014, the Group closed the transaction to acquire 63.2% of Clixster Mobile Sdn. Bhd. ( CMSB ), a company
    incorporated in Malaysia.   

On July 28, 2015,
    the Company disposed of its 63.2% of CMSB to refocus the business of the Group to sell prepaid telecom card. On December 11,
    2015 the Company acquired controlling shares in Naim Indah Mobile Communication Limited ( NIMC ), a company engaged
    in providing mobile communication services through MVNO platform. NIMC has an exclusive agreement with MyAngkasa Holdings
    Sdn. Bhd. for the provision of telecom services to Angkasa members. Further details can be found in Note 12 of the financial
    statements enclosed herein this report. The Company maintained its strategic direction to work with closed group communities
    for distribution of its mobile communication products and services with further expansion into finance technology ( Fintech )
    space.           

In
order to expand its reach to other communities, the Company through its wholly-owned subsidiary Grid Mobile Sdn Bhd, has also
formed a collaboration with 1Machine System Sdn Bhd, a software company that distributes mobile applications primarily anti-virus,
security and maintenance tools for mobile devices and computers. While the Company is venturing into Fintech space, 1Machine is
regarded as an important partner in the area of mobile security where it is paramount for consumers  protection.  

The
Company is also in advanced stage of negotiation with its network host for a new Mobile Virtual Network Service Provision Agreement
( MVNSP Agreement ) which is expected to be finalized in this final quarter. The MVNSP Agreement is expected to bode
well to accommodate the Company s direction in Fintech and the changing mobile market landscape.  

On
October 17, 2016, the Company raised about $1,320,000 by placing out 120,000,000 shares at $0.011 per share.  

NOTE
    2   
       SUMMARY
    OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   REALIZATION OF ASSETS    

Basis
    of Presentation   

The
                                         accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance
                                         with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the
                                         rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, and should be read in conjunction
                                         with the audited financial statements and notes thereto for the year ended December 31,
                                         2015. As permitted under the rules of the SEC for interim reporting, they do not include
                                         all information and footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted in
                                         the United States of America for complete financial statements. However, except as disclosed
                                         herein, there has been no material change in the information disclosed in the notes to
                                         the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 included in the Company
                                         Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  
             
          In
        the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation
        of financial position and results of operations for the interim period presented have been included. Operating results
        for the interim period are not necessary indicative of the results that may be expected for the respective full year.    

F-7  

MEDIAN GROUP INC   
 
      NOTES
    TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

NOTE
    2   
       SUMMARY
    OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   REALIZATION OF ASSETS (Continued)    

Principles
    of Consolidation    

The
    condensed consolidated financial statements for the period ended September 30, 2016 include the financial statements of the
    Company and its wholly owned subsidiary Alpha Sunray Sdn. Bhd., its 50.001% equity interest subsidiary Naim Indah Mobile Communications
    Sdn. Bhd. ( NIMC ).  In the prior year the Company disposed its subsidiary companies namely its 63.2%
    equity interest subsidiary Clixster Mobile Sdn. Bhd. and its 50% subsidiary ATC Marketing Limited (collectively the  Disposed
    Companies ). Accordingly the operating results of the Disposed Companies are disclosed as Discontinued Operations -
    Net of Tax in the condensed statement of income for all period presented.  In addition, the assets and liabilities
    of these Disposed Companies are reported as Assets of Operations Held for Sale and Liabilities of Operations Held for Sale,
    as appropriate, in the condensed consolidated balance sheet.   

The
    results of subsidiaries acquired or sold during the period are consolidated from their effective dates of acquisition or through
    their effective dates of disposition, respectively.   

All
    significant inter-company transactions and balances have been eliminated on consolidation.   

Use
    of Estimates    

The
    preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires
    management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
    contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts
    of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.   

Net
    Loss Per Share    

Basic
    earnings per share were computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding
    during the year. Diluted loss per common share for the period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 respectively, are not presented
    as it would be anti-dilutive.   

Fair
    Value Measurements and Disclosures   

ASC 820  Fair
    Value Measurements and Disclosures  codified SFAS No. 107,  Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments .
    ASC 820 applies to all entities, transactions, and instruments that require or permit fair value measurements, with specific
    exceptions and qualifications. The Company is required to disclose estimated fair values of financial instruments. Unless
    otherwise indicated, the fair values of all reported assets and liabilities, which represent financial instruments, none of
    which are held for trading purposes, approximate their respective carrying values of such amounts.   

Cash
    and Cash Equivalents    

The
    Company considers all liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less from the date of purchase that are readily
    convertible into cash to be cash equivalents.   

Impairment
    of long-lived assets    

In
    accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 360,   Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets  , all long-lived
    assets such as plant and equipment held and used by the Company are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
    circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and
    used is evaluated by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to its estimated future undiscounted cash flows expected
    to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by
    the amount by which the carrying amounts of the assets exceed the fair value of the assets. There has been no impairment charge
    for the year/period presented.   

F-8  

MEDIAN GROUP INC   
 
      NOTES
    TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

NOTE
    2   
       SUMMARY
    OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   REALIZATION OF ASSETS (Continued)    

Revenue    

The
    Company recognizes its revenue in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Commissions ( SEC ) Staff Accounting
    Bulletin No. 104,  Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements  ( SAB 104 ). Revenue is recognized when
    persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or determinable, and collectability
    is reasonably assured. The recognition of revenues involves certain management judgments. The amount and timing of our revenues
    could be materially different for any period if management made different judgments or utilized different estimates.   

Revenue
    is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable, net of discounts and taxes applicable to the revenue.   

Prepaid
    telecom revenues are collected by its distributors and/or resellers through the sale of  Clixster  prepaid or
    reload cards, which are sold in a form of SIM/reload cards to its final customers through its distributors and/or resellers.
    The sale of Sim, prepaid or reload cards is recognized as revenue when the products are delivered to its distributors and/or
    resellers, based upon their request. Prepaid cards will expire two years after the date of card production if they have never
    been activated. The proceeds from the expired cards are recognized as revenue upon expiration of cards.   

Cost
    of revenue    

Cost
    of revenue consists primarily of cost of SIM and prepaid/reload cards, telecommunication services and traffic charges which
    are directly attributable to the delivery of telecom service upon the activation of prepaid and/or reload cards.   

Comprehensive
    Income    

ASC Topic 220,  Comprehensive
    Income  establishes standards for reporting and display of comprehensive income, its components and accumulated balances.
    Comprehensive income as defined includes all changes in equity during a period from non-owner sources. Accumulated comprehensive
    income, as presented in the accompanying statements of stockholders  equity consists of changes in unrealized gains
    and losses on foreign currency translation. This comprehensive income is not included in the computation of income tax expense
    or benefit.   

Segment
    Reporting    

ASC
    Topic 280,  Segment Reporting  establishes standards for reporting information about operating segments on a basis
    consistent with the Company s internal organization structure as well as information about geographical areas, business
    segments and major customers in financial statements. The Company operates in one reportable operating segment in Malaysia
    during the period ended September 30, 2016.   

Related
    Parties    

Parties,
    which can be a corporation or individual, are considered to be related if the Company has the ability, directly or indirectly,
    to control the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and operating decisions.
    Companies are also considered to be related if they are subject to common control or common significant influence.   

F-9  

MEDIAN GROUP INC   
 
      NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS   

NOTE
    2   
       SUMMARY
    OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   REALIZATION OF ASSETS (Continued)    

Income
    Taxes    

The
    Company accounts for income taxes under ASC 740  Income Taxes . Under the asset and liability method of ASC 740,
    deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the
    financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets
    and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
    differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Under ASC 740, the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a
    change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period the enactment occurs. A valuation allowance is provided for certain
    deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize tax assets through future operations.   

ASC
    740 prescribes a comprehensive model for how companies should recognize, measure, present, and disclose in their financial
    statements uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a tax return. Under ASC 740, tax positions must initially
    be recognized in the financial statements when it is more likely than not the position will be sustained upon examination
    by the tax authorities. Such tax positions must initially and subsequently be measured as the largest amount of tax benefit
    that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the tax authority assuming full knowledge
    of the position and relevant facts.   

(a)  
       Current
    Tax    

Current
                 tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities.
                 The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount are those that are enacted or substantively enacted by
                 the reporting date.  
             
          Current
        taxes are recognized in the statement of income except to the extent that the tax relates to items recognized outside
        the statement of income, either in other income or directly in equity.    

(b)  
       Deferred
    Tax    

Deferred
                 tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between
                 the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis and
                 operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted
                 tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected
                 to be recovered or settled.  
             
          The
        effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes
        the enactment date. The Company records a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets if, based upon the available evidence,
        it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.    

Foreign
    Currency Translation    

The
        accounts of the Company's Hong Kong and Malaysia subsidiaries are maintained in Hong Kong dollars (HK) and Malaysia Ringgit
        (RM), respectively. Such financial statements are translated into U.S. Dollars (USD) in accordance with ASC 830  Foreign
        Currency Translation  which codified Statement of Financial Accounts Standards ( SFAS ) No. 52,  Foreign
        Currency Translation,  with the respective currency as the functional currency. According to the Statement, all assets
        and liabilities were translated at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date, stockholder's equity are translated at
        the historical rates and statement of operations items are translated at the weighted average exchange rate for the year.
        The resulting translation adjustments are reported under other comprehensive income in accordance with SFAS No. 130,  Reporting
        Comprehensive Income . As of September 30, 2016, the comprehensive loss was $1,217.    

Recently
    Issued Accounting Pronouncements    

The
        Company does not expect the adoption of any recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a significant impact to
        its financial position, results of operations or cash flows .     

Reclassifications    

Certain
        comparative amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period s presentation.    

F-10  

MEDIAN
        GROUP INC    
 
      NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS   

NOTE
    3   
       UNCERTAINTY
    OF ABILITY TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN    

The
    Company's condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared using the generally accepted accounting principles applicable
    to a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.
    As of September 30, 2016, the Company has incurred an accumulated deficits totaling $6,194,464 and its current liabilities
    exceed its current assets by $1,603,217. In view of the matters described above, recoverability of a major portion of the
    recorded asset amounts shown in the accompanying balance sheets is dependent upon continued operations of the Company, which
    in turn is dependent upon the Company's ability to raise additional capital, obtain financing and to succeed in its future
    operations. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded
    asset amounts or amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue
    as a going concern.   

Management
    has taken the following steps to revise its operating and financial requirements, which it believes are sufficient to provide
    the Company with the ability to continue as a going concern. In October 2016, after the period end, the Company raised about
    $1,320,000 by placing 120,000,000 shares of the Company at a price of $0.011 per share. The Company is actively pursuing additional
    funding and potential merger or acquisition candidates and strategic partners, which would enhance stockholders' investment.
    Management believes that the above actions will allow the Company to continue operations through the next fiscal year.   

NOTE
    4   
       STOCKHOLDERS 
    EQUITY   

Subsequent
to the period end, in October 2016 the Company issued 120,000,000 shares in the Company to raise about $1,320,000 (Note 13(1)).  

NOTE
    5   
       STOCK
    OPTIONS    

The
    Company adopted ASC 718  Compensation   Stock Compensation  and requires companies to measure and recognize
    the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value.   

2007
    Stock Incentive Plan    
 
      On
    February 19, 2007, the Company adopted the 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (the  2007 Plan ) allowing for the awarding
    of options to acquire shares of common stock. This plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options to key employees,
    directors and consultants. Options issued under this plan will expire over a maximum term of ten years from the date of grant.   

F-11  

MEDIAN GROUP INC   
 
      NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS   

NOTE
    6   
       DISCONTINUED
    OPERATIONS HELD FOR SALE    

In
    the prior year, the Company sold its subsidiaries namely its 63.2% subsidiary Clixster Mobile Sdn. Bhd. on July 28, 2015 and
    its 50% subsidiary ATC Marketing Limited on August 3, 2015 (the  Disposed Subsidiaries ) containing its MVNO business
    and electronics trading company to a third party buyer. The buyer paid $8,500 and the assuming of debts without recourse in
    the Disposed Subsidiaries which resulted in a gain of $5,091,189 to the Company. As a result of the sale, the historical activities
    and balances of these operations are reported as discontinued operations held for sale in the accompanying condensed consolidated
    financial statements for all periods presented.      

The
following table provides the components of discontinued operations   net of tax  

The
net cash flows of our discontinued operations for each of the categories of operating, investing and financing activities are
not significant for any periods presented.  

NOTE
    7   
       AMOUNTS
    DUE FROM RELATED PARTIES    

The
    amounts due from related parties are unsecured, non-interest bearing and no fixed term of repayment.   

NOTE
     8  
       OTHER
    PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS    

Other
    payables and accruals consist of the following:   

NOTE
     9  
       AMOUNTS
    DUE TO RELATED PARTIES    

The
    amounts due to related parties are unsecured, non-interest bearing and repayable on demand. Imputed interest on these amounts
    is considered insignificant.   

F-12  

MEDIAN GROUP INC   
 
      NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS   

NOTE
    11   
       RELATED
    PARTY TRANSACTIONS    

For
    the nine months period ended September 30, 2016, the Company no remuneration (2015: $20,439) to its directors and its officers
    remuneration for their services provided to the Company.   

For
    the nine months period ended September 30, 2016 the Company did not make any sales (2015: $204,993) telecom SIM/reload cards
    through two distributors that are owned and controlled by the directors of the Company. The terms of trade with these distributors
    are similar to the other third-party distributors of the Company.   

No
                                         provision was made for income tax for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
                                         since the Company and its subsidiaries had significant net operating loss. In the nine
                                         months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company and its subsidiaries incurred net
                                         operating losses for tax purposes of approximately $467,263 and $145,771, respectively.
                                         Total net operating losses carry forward as at September 30, 2016 and 2015, (i) for Federal
                                         and State purpose were $1,1859,918 and $11,624,596, respectively and (ii) for its entities
                                         outside of the United States $387,185 and NIL. The net operating loss carry-forwards
                                         may be used to reduce taxable income through the year 2025. The availability of the Company's
                                         net operating loss carry-forwards are subject to limitation if there is a 50% or more
                                         change in the ownership of the Company's stock.  
             
          There
        was no significant difference between reportable income tax and statutory income tax. The gross deferred tax asset balance
        as at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was approximately $5,161,423 and $5,012,008, respectively. A full valuation
        allowance has been established against the deferred tax assets, as the utilization of the loss carry-forwards cannot reasonably
        be assured.  
             
          A
        reconciliation between the income tax computed at the Hong Kong and PRC China statutory rate and the Group's provision
        for income tax is as follows:    

F-13  

MEDIAN GROUP INC   
 
      NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS   

NOTE
    13   
       COMMITMENTS
    AND CONTINGENCIES    

The
Company s commitments and contingencies are set out below as follows:-  

(a)  
       As
                           announced in a Form 8K on December 16, 2015 on December 11, 2015 the Company acquired and a 51% interests
                           in Naim Indah Mobile Communication Sdn. Bhd. ( NIMC ), a company engaged in providing mobile
                           communication services through MVNO platform. NIMC has a registered capital of RM2,000,001 (or about
                           US$480,000) of which the Company is required to pay RM1,000,001 (or about US$240,000) for its 51% interests.
                           Our director Ahmad Shukri Abdul Ghani is a 30% shareholder of NIMC.  
             
          Our
        subsidiary Naim Indah Mobile Communication Sdn. Bhd. ( NIMC ) has an exclusive business partnership agreement
        ( Exclusive Agreement ) with MyAngkasa Holdings Sdn. Bhd. ( MyAngkasa ), a wholly owned company
        of the National Cooperative Malaysia Bhd and known as Angkatan Koperasi Kebangsaan Malaysia Berhad ( Angkasa ).
        The Exclusive Agreement has a fix term of 5 years ending in August 2020 and subject to renewal by mutual consent. Pursuant
        to this agreement, MyAngkasa agrees to use NIMC s services under the trade name of  Median Mobile  products
        to co-operatives and members of the co-operatives under Angkasa and to exclusively appoint NIMC as the official mobile
        telecommunication services based on MVNA platform to Angkasa members. MyAngkasa agrees to undertake to deliver certain
        number of subscribers for pre/post-paid services ( Targeted Subscribers ) for each year. In return, NIMC agrees
        to a profit share scheme whereby MyAngkasa will receive RM100,000 (or about US$24,000) for the first financial year of
        the contract, and for each financial year thereafter the higher of RM500,000 (or about US$120,000) and a set percentage
        of NIMC s net annual profit after tax, less any unapplied accumulative losses brought forward from previous years.
        If the Targeted Subscribers are not achieved for any each then the set percentage to be applied will be the pro-rate of
        the actual subscribers to the Targeted Subscribers for that year.    

NOTE
    14   
       SUBSEQUENT
    EVENTS    

The
    Group has evaluated all subsequent events through the date these consolidated financial statements were issued, and determined
    that, other than as disclosed below there were no subsequent events or transactions that require recognition or disclosures
    in the financial statements.     

2)    On
                                         October 24, 2016, Grid Mobile Sdn Bhd ( Grid Mobile ), a wholly owned subsidiary
                                         of the Company, signed a Collaboration Agreement with 1Machine System Sdn Bhd ( 1
                                         Machine ) to distribute its branded  PERISAI  software to Grid Mobile s
                                         affiliates and partners  customer/ member base on a revenue share model. Pursuant
                                         to the collaboration agreement, 1Machine will revenue share with Grid Mobile any sale
                                         of 1Machine s software, both freeware and payware, to Grid Mobile s affiliates 
                                         members. Conversely, Grid Mobile will revenue share with 1 Machine for any sales derived
                                         from 1Machine s own distribution network and platform.    

F-14  

Item
    2.   
       Management's
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.    

Forward
    Looking Statements    

THIS
                            FOLLOWING INFORMATION SPECIFIES CERTAIN FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS OF MANAGEMENT OF THE COMPANY. FORWARD-LOOKING
                            STATEMENTS ARE STATEMENTS THAT ESTIMATE THE HAPPENING OF FUTURE EVENTS AND ARE NOT BASED ON HISTORICAL
                            FACT. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS MAY BE IDENTIFIED BY THE USE OF FORWARD-LOOKING TERMINOLOGY, SUCH
                            AS  MAY ,  SHALL ,  COULD ,  EXPECT ,  ESTIMATE ,
                             ANTICIPATE ,  PREDICT ,  PROBABLE ,  POSSIBLE ,  SHOULD ,
                             CONTINUE , OR SIMILAR TERMS, VARIATIONS OF THOSE TERMS OR THE NEGATIVE OF THOSE TERMS.
                            THE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS SPECIFIED IN THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION HAVE BEEN COMPILED BY OUR MANAGEMENT
                            ON THE BASIS OF ASSUMPTIONS MADE BY MANAGEMENT AND CONSIDERED BY MANAGEMENT TO BE REASONABLE. OUR
                            FUTURE OPERATING RESULTS, HOWEVER, ARE IMPOSSIBLE TO PREDICT AND NO REPRESENTATION, GUARANTY, OR WARRANTY
                            IS TO BE INFERRED FROM THOSE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS.  
             
          THE
        ASSUMPTIONS USED FOR PURPOSES OF THE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS SPECIFIED IN THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION REPRESENT ESTIMATES
        OF FUTURE EVENTS AND ARE SUBJECT TO UNCERTAINTY AS TO POSSIBLE CHANGES IN ECONOMIC, LEGISLATIVE, INDUSTRY, AND OTHER CIRCUMSTANCES.
        AS A RESULT, THE IDENTIFICATION AND INTERPRETATION OF DATA AND OTHER INFORMATION AND THEIR USE IN DEVELOPING AND SELECTING
        ASSUMPTIONS FROM AND AMONG REASONABLE ALTERNATIVES REQUIRE THE EXERCISE OF JUDGMENT. TO THE EXTENT THAT THE ASSUMED EVENTS
        DO NOT OCCUR, THE OUTCOME MAY VARY SUBSTANTIALLY FROM ANTICIPATED OR PROJECTED RESULTS, AND, ACCORDINGLY, NO OPINION IS
        EXPRESSED ON THE ACHIEVABILITY OF THOSE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. WE CANNOT GUARANTY THAT ANY OF THE ASSUMPTIONS RELATING
        TO THE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS SPECIFIED IN THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION ARE ACCURATE, AND WE ASSUME NO OBLIGATION TO
        UPDATE ANY SUCH FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS.    

Critical
    Accounting Policy and Estimates    

Our
    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Consolidated Financial Condition and Results of Operations section discusses our consolidated
    financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
    of America. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions
    that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported
    amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. On an on-going basis, management evaluates its estimates and
    judgments, including those related to revenue recognition, accrued expenses, financing operations, and contingencies and litigation.
    Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that are believed to be
    reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets
    and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different
    assumptions or conditions. The most significant accounting estimates inherent in the preparation of our consolidated financial
    statements include estimates as to the appropriate carrying value of certain assets and liabilities which are not readily
    apparent from other sources. These accounting policies are described at relevant sections in this discussion and analysis
    and in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended
    September 30, 2016.   

-
2 -  

Overview    

DESCRIPTION
    OF BUSINESS   

OUR
BACKGROUND. The Company was incorporated in Texas on October 1, 2002 and in 2005 changed its business focus to advertising and
media in the emerging China market. Under the then new management, the Company commenced to position the Company to capitalize
on the growth of the Chinese advertising market where global companies are rushing into China to try to grab and hold the attention
of its 1.3 billion citizens.  

Our
    mission then was to become one of China's new age media companies through the use of new technologies and devices combined
    with traditional media of TV, Newspapers, Magazines, Billboards and Internet to reach today's mobile society. In order to
    facilitate this, the Company established 3 strategic business units being  Advertising ,  Telecommunications
    and Mobile Computing , and  Products and Services .  However due to limited financial resources we
    were not able to implement our business plans in the China media sector.   

In
    June 2012, the Group acquired A-Team Resources Sdn. Bhd. a company that distributes light appliances products in South East
    Asia and Middle East to strengthen our Products and Services Business Unit.  In January 2014 the Company disposed the
    loss making light appliances and advertising operation to streamline the operation and to focus on its new acquisition on
    telecom services business unit.   

On
    January 31, 2014 the Company acquired 63.2% in Clixster Mobile Sdn Bhd ( CMSB ), a mobile virtual network operator
    ( MVNO ) in order to expand our telecommunication business unit with a focus on provision of mobile telecom service
    through a MVNO platform initially in Malaysia and then to other regions.   

The
    operation in CMSB incurred significant losses in 2014 and in 2015. The Group determined to re-focus the operation in the higher
    margin post-paid rather than pre-paid telecom services. As a result, on July 28, 2015, the Group disposed of its investment
    in CMSB to refocus its MVNO business from pre-paid to post-paid telecom services and a digital service provider.   

On
    September 27, 2015 the Board approved the change of company name from Clixster Mobile Group Inc. to Median Group Inc. and
    the name change was effected on October 7, 2015.   

In
    December 2015, the Company acquired 51% interests in Naim Indah Mobile Communications Sdn Bhd ( NIMC ). NIMC is
    a newly established MVNO holding all the necessary licenses to operate as an MNVO. Currently, we are in advance discussion
    with a Malaysian telecom operator to roll out our MVNO services.  Due to certain unexpected delays, it is now planned
    that the roll out will commence in the second half of 2016.   

On
October 17, 2016 the Company raised about $1,320,000 by placing out 120,000,000 shares at $0.011 per share.  

At
    the date of this report, the Group will mainly concentrate on its Telecommunications and Mobile Business Unit. The Group will
    terminate and streamline its adverting business unit and product services unit until a viable business opportunity is available.
    The revenue generated from the telecom services during this quarter is $12,479.   

OUR
    BUSINESS REVIEW AND FUTURE STRATEGY. The Group has 3 business units namely  Advertising ,  Products and
    Services  and  Telecommunication and Mobile Computing . The management has determined to only focus our
    business in the Telecommunications and Mobile Computing business unit going forward, and have the Advertising and Products
    and Services business units remain inactive until viable business opportunities are presented.   

-
3 -  

Products
and Services Overview   

Telecommunications
    Unit.   

In
    2006, the Company announced the establishment of the Telecommunications and Mobile Computing Division to focus on the new
    media advertising where we would take advantage of new convergent devices for telecommunications advertising. We have seen
    over the years the importance of advertising through social media using telecommunication services.   

In
    the fiscal year 2015, the Group restructured its business to focus on mobile digital business and becoming a digital service
    provider. In December 2015, the Group acquired Naim Indah Mobile Communication Sdn Bhd which has an exclusive business partnership
    agreement ( Exclusive Agreement ) with MyAngkasa Holdings Sdn. Bhd. ( MyAngkasa ), a wholly owned
    company of the National Cooperative Malaysia Bhd and known as Angkatan Koperasi Kebangsaan Malaysia Berhad ( Angkasa ).
    MyAngkasa is the business development and sales/marketing entity of Angkasa which is the representative of 12,000 cooperatives
    with 7.4 million active members in Malaysia. MyAngkasa owns and operates a network of payment terminals that offer services
    and products to subscribers and customers for the purchase of prepaid top-ups, postpaid ticketing, online transaction services,
    registration, loyalty point programs and bill payment collections via internet banking, mobile banking, mobile payment and
    electronic data capture (EDC) terminals. Under this contract, both parties agree to implement the brand  MyAngkasa 
    mobile telecommunications program based on NIMC s Mobile Virtual Network Aggregator (MVNA) platform that includes the
    provision of mobile telecommunication services to co-operative and members of the co-operatives under Angkasa as registered
    Pre/Post-Paid subscribers of NIMC services. MHSB will undertake to market and sale to its members for NIMC s post-paid
    mobile phone services.  The Group views this as a strategic anchor customer that will provide the subscriber base
    to roll out its telecom services, focusing in post-paid customer.   

We
    shall focus on the business of providing mobile digital service under the MVNA platform across South East Asian countries.
    NIMC is poised to be one of the first MVNA that specifically catered for these markets, operating as a digital service provider
    (DSP). A digital service provider applies the principles of Internet service delivery, meaning its delivery architecture is
    integrated, seamless, intelligent, automated, simple and in real time.   

During
the period under review, the Company earned revenue in the provision of telecom services.  

Towards
    Becoming A Digital Service Provider    

The
    decision to become a DSP rests solely on providing the needs of a new generation of consumers. There has been a great shift
    in consumers  behaviors.  The way purchases are made, the types of media consumed, the way information are
    obtained and the way trust and relationships are built. These have created new rules of consumer engagement where mobile platform
    is highly utilized, allowing consumers to communicate, transact and gain almost instantaneous feedback and response. E-commerce
    now is evolving into M-Commerce (mobile-commerce) and into S-Commerce (social-commerce) allowing customers to instantly transact
    and share.   

We
    must seize the opportunity to build our business model around this market segment through our offerings with three main differentiators:   

(i)
                            An advanced set of products and services that will disrupt the market landscape;  
             
          (ii)
        A customer engagement model that is currently not offered by others; and  
             
          (iii)
        A technology superiority and scalability that will support future growth.    

The
    first challenge to become a digital service provider involves a change in the mindset and culture; we need to view ourselves
    not as a communication service provider but as a genuine digital competitor. We need to shift away from serving as a channel
    and toward creating a platform, and the way for us to capitalize on the opportunities in the digital services domain and its
    associated revenue is to build our business as a digital service provider. Our journey towards becoming a DSP has progressed
    well over the recent months where we are building a solid eco-system that will enable us to offer attractive and disruptive
    services to the market.   

-
4 -  

Key
    Business Focus: White label MVNOs    

NIMC
    white label MVNO program allows corporations and organizations to offer more than just prepaid and post-paid mobile services,
    including voice, data, SMS and mobile broadband at a minimum upfront set-up cost. With the white-label program, NIMC
    is helping companies to grow their additional revenue and profits in their segment by expanding their reach and exposure.   

NIMC
    builds, operates and manages mobile digital services and enables corporations to give access to their own resellers to a full
    platform for activation, billing and subscriber lifecycle management, customer care, and management support without spending
    anything on software development. Businesses can now compete on a more even playing field by offering a virtual 24 7
    online retail store with full service customer care.  NIMC helps minimize operating costs by implementing strategic web
    based marketing initiatives, utilizing automated processes such as ordering, payment and collection, and inventory management,
    plus expands MVNO reach up to nationwide market opportunities through e-commerce.   

NIMC s
    first white label customer is expected to be the National Co-operatives Organization (Angkasa) targeting the co-operative
    sectors. NIMC is currently negotiating with at least 4 other corporations as potential clients under the white label program.
    We know that success in the wireless business depends on a strong, agile and flexible platform that integrates new and innovative
    solutions. The solutions that count are those that allow the white label MVNOs to position them in such a way that the customer
    receives a seamless white label experience.   

Our
    Mission Critical System    

The
    current traditional billing, Next Generation Intelligent Network (NGIN) and Business Support System (BSS) running today have
    limited capabilities in serving today s consumers  demand. Most operators (MNOs and MVNOs) struggle to fulfil
    the demand of current consumers and find it very hard to cater for future business trend and unpredictable cost for the future
    changes. This is simply because the current back-end billing and BSS were not designed for 4G and beyond.   

The
    system is required to provide a real-time unified charging across all services and devices, and payment methods with differentiated
    service offerings with a quick time-to-market advantage to allow NIMC to quickly capitalize and execute on market opportunities.
    Our BSS platform combines payment methods, with  on demand  payments for our services and recurring subscription
    models for others.   

*   
       Online
    charging system (OCS)  is the central system that governs all subscribers  charging and rating. It is a system
    that allows an operator to charge their customers, in real time, based on event or session service usage.   
 
       *   
       Policy
      Charging Rules Function (PCRF) , a software component designated in real-time to determine policy rules that
    accesses subscriber databases and other specialized functions, such as a charging system PCRF supports the creation
    of rules and then automatically making policy decisions for each subscriber active on the network.   
 
       *   
       Business
    Support Systems   (BSS)  are the components that we use to run its business operations towards customers.
    Together with operations support systems (OSS), these are used to support various end-to-end telecommunication services.
    BSS and OSS have their own data and service responsibilities.   
 
       *   
       Enterprise Resource
    Planning (ERP)  is a system that handles all essential business functions such as accounting, HR, sales, marketing,
    service, warehousing, and more on cloud. The cloud-based system provides a complete visibility and better control for us to
    run our end-to-end business processes professionally.   

We
    are now at the final stage of negotiating the purchase of these systems from the respective solution providers. We expect
    to complete the deployment of these robust systems by the end of Q3.   

Access
    Agreement with a Host Operator    

We
    have submitted an official application request for network access to a host mobile network operator (MNO) in middle February.
    Since then, we have gone through several rounds of negotiations for both technical and commercial elements. All the technical
    matters have been given a preliminary clearance for the next round of detailed scoping and implementation. As for the commercial
    negotiation, we are currently negotiating on the wholesale rates with the MNO. The MNO has given its commitment and assurance
    that agreement shall be concluded within 120 days from the date of submission. This is due to the involvement of many parties
    within the organization, ranging from technical, legal, financial and board of directors. With this in mind, we anticipate
    that the agreement will be signed in the last quarter of 2016.   

Moving
    Forward    

Moving
    forward, we will continue to strive in executing our roadmap for growth which encompasses five key areas namely, strengthening
    our talents and resources, expanding our product range, widening our geographical reach, improving customers  journey
    and experience and enhancing our internal process. The positive results from these areas would create a stable platform for
    the Group to spread its wings regionally and globally to unveil the vast potential of the digital services market segment.
    Talks and negotiations are ongoing with several mobile network enablers and operators in the South East Asian region. This
    would promulgate further the Group s vision and commitment in becoming a regional mobile service operator with an assortment
    of deliverables that would satisfy the ravishing appetite of the customers. Being in a competitive industry where customers 
    satisfaction is uncompromising, we are continuously ensuring that customers  experience would be the fundamental element
    in all facets of our operation.   

Technology
    is the staple food of today s consumers, which is ever changing, we will be investing our resources into R D, talent
    enhancement, product innovation, and technology adoption in our delivery processes. This will enable us to be more efficient
    in providing an unmatched customers  experience, which will translate into a faster and higher subscribers  acquisition.
    We will continue to jointly work closely with mobile enablers to penetrate new markets and opportunities this year and beyond.   

-
5 -  

Industry
                            Overview and Competition     

Telecommunication
    Market    

In
2015, the Communications and Multimedia ( C M ) industry has performed reasonably well, recording 4% growth in
revenue to RM62.04 billion from RM59.44 billion. This steady performance of the C M industry was contributed mainly by telecommunications
with 77% revenue share.  

From
the connectivity and services perspectives, Malaysian broadband subscriptions have reached 30.8 million, taking the national household
penetration rate to 77.3% by the end 2015. It is worth noting that the 4G LTE population coverage has achieved target of 50% population
coverage two years earlier than target, that is, reaching 53.6% population coverage as at end 2015.  

On
mobile subscriptions, the penetration rate is at 143.8% in 2015. By service provider market share, Maxis constituted 28.1%, followed
by Celcom 27.9%, DiGi 27.2% and U Mobile 8.4%. In addition, mobile virtual network operators (MVNOs) in total captured the balance
8.4% mobile subscription market share. It is noted that the MVNO market is still slowly expanding. MVNO subscriptions in 2014
captured 8.2% market share.  

Based
on aggregate revenue, the C M industry continued to maintain 4% growth in 2015 generating a revenue of RM62.04 billion of
which 77% (or RM47.80 billion) was derived from telecommunication companies. The C M industry revenue growth has moderated
over recent years, from double digit annual growth rates of 11% in 2012, to single digit 4% respectively in 2015 and 2014. Challenged
by increased competition and technological disruption, the C M industry appears to be at a crossroad to a next phase of growth.
One likely strategic change for traditional players is reinvention or diversifying services with multiple new offerings and hence,
new revenue streams. Meeting consumer demand to cater to changing user behavior and requirements in this way can alleviate lower
revenues, pressure on margins and stagnating subscriptions.  

As
users are demanding more differentiated services to suit their personalised needs, products and offerings based on conventional
focus of just getting subscription to a service is not sufficient to sustain growth. Advancing technology is bringing new competition
for service providers who need to transform their offerings to include seamless provision of connectivity and content applications
to meet consumer needs.  

As
at end 2015, mobile broadband recorded a total of 28.4 million subscriptions, an increase of 61% from 17.7 million in 2014. Mobile
broadband subscriptions have been showing increase for the past few years due to migration from 2G to 3G aside from take up arising
from increased smartphone affordability and convenience of mobile functionality.  

By
2015, mobile subscriptions totaled 44.1 million, posted a 0.8 million decline compared with 44.9 million in 2014. This decline
was mainly attributed to the relatively substantial number of expired prepaid subscription and intense market competition.  

As
at 2015, the 44.1 million mobile subscriptions comprised 35.4 million prepaid (80.3%) with the balance postpaid at 8.7 million
(19.7%). Postpaid subscription has increased 7.3% from 8.1 million in 2014, while prepaid declined by 3.9% from 36.8 million.
The increase in postpaid subscription is due to appealing packages as well as strategic partnerships to stimulate take up.  

Malaysia Communications and Multimedia Commission   Industry Performance Report 2015  

The
take-up rate of mobile broadband services has further accelerated partly driven by the  Smart Device with Internet Package 
product under the Universal Service Provision (USP) programme. The broadband segment stood at 30.8 million subscriptions as at
end 2015 with mobile broadband accounting for the largest share at about 92% of the total broadband subscriptions. In addition,
the Ministry of Communications and Multimedia had announced earlier this year that basic broadband package prices would be reduced
in line with the aspiration of transforming Malaysia into a digital nation .  

Malaysia Economic Report 2015/2016  

According
    to Mr. Ajay Sunder, Vice President of Telecoms, Frost   Sullivan Asia Pacific, overall mobile subscriber penetration is
    expected to remain stable. However, churns rates will increase because of intensified competition. The Malaysian mobile services
    market observed very intense competition. As mobile subscriber growth stagnates, operators get desperate to gain subscription
    market share to drive up their service revenues. MNOs are targeting newer customer segments through innovative pricing plans
    that integrate voice, data and digital services. Voice revenues were negatively impacted by free calls offered to compensate
    the increased burden from GST, particularly in the prepaid segment. Non-voice revenue is expected to contribute just under
    50% of total service revenues. Digital Media services such as E-Commerce will drive the next generation non-data service revenues
    for Malaysian telcos.   

All
    operators saw significant increase in their data revenue; however, overall non-voice revenues were negatively impacted because
    of sharply declining SMS revenues.  SMS revenue was negatively impacted by the adoption of OTT messenger Apps such as
    WhatsApp and WeChat. In order to promote data adoption, operators rolled-out data bundles with devices and also offered free
    basic data that offered unlimited access to key instant messaging apps. These further sliced out SMS revenues,  said
    Mr. Sunder.   

The
                            Malaysian E-Commerce market is slowly but steadily gaining strong momentum. With strong adoption of
                            smartphones and tablets as well as mobile internet and broadband, it is going to be over USD6 billion
                            business in next couple of years,  said Mr. Sunder.  
             
          The
        development of mobile payment ecosystems and growth in mobile-commerce (m-commerce) urge many E-Commerce companies to
        launch mobile applications and mobile websites.      

The
    telecommunication industry is expected to continue its growth trajectory at the same pace going forward despite the penetration
    of OTT applications that has been causing disruption to the traditional telecommunication business model with service providers
    seeing a downtrend of users  minutes of use (MOU) for voice call. In contrast, increased usage of OTT applications has
    also indirectly heightened service provider s profit in the mobile internet section as it spurs mobile data usage. Apps
    are the core of mobile devices  functionality judging from the steady upward trend both in apps revenue and downloads
    which indicates a higher demand for mobile internet. Industry vendors such as Ericsson noted that apps reviews and curiosity
    to try out a new app are the main factors that drive users to download apps, especially apps that enable communication.   

Data
    consumption per individual in Malaysia averaged 819MB per month in 2014 and is expected to hit 2GB in 2018 according to Ericsson s
    Mobility Report. This is expected to be driven by the growing consumption of video content especially from YouTube and Facebook
    in particular. In line with this is Cisco s Visual Networking Index which states video content as one of the fastest
    growing segment of mobile data which takes up 55% of global mobile data traffic in 2014.   

In view
    of all the above-mentioned prospects and expansion indicators, the telecommunication industry is looking ahead with various
    ICT and data driven opportunities where new services will emerge to fulfil the digital lifestyle that inevitably forms a significant
    part of the future.   

Digital Media Services Will Drive Next Generation Non-Data Service Revenues for Malaysia Telcos - Frost and Sullivan December
    8, 2015.   

Read
        more:  
          http://www.theborneopost.com/2015/03/16/malaysias-telco-sector-still-likely-to-see-challenges-in-the-medium-term-analysts/#ixzz3n5gZbILzThe    

-
6 -  

Telecommunication
    Market    

Mobile
    connections in Malaysia has long surpassed the 100% mark and was reported to attain 142%   as at January 2016; putting
    her as one of the countries in Asia Pacific with penetration rates above 100%. In a statistical report conducted by We Are
    Social, Hong Kong, Vietnam and Singapore attained a mobile connection rate of 178%, 152% and 145% respectively compared to
    their national populations.   

Digital
in 2016   We Are Social Singapore  

Mobile
    Virtual Network Operator Market    

The
    explosive growth of wireless is one of the most striking aspects of the telecom industry since the 1990s. Demand for low-cost
    and high-value cellular service has been driving the mobile industry towards price wars. As the industry continue to mature,
    Mobile Network Operators (MNO s) recognize that future growth depends on the pursuit of new markets beyond the conventional
    method of direct acquisition of new subscribers. The growth driven by bundled service offerings with slashed rates is only
    a short-term remedy. A new strategic model through alliances with Mobile Virtual Network Operator (MVNO) offered a far sighted
    solution. The MVNO model is seen as both, a solution as well as an opportunity for MNOs to pursue new markets that present
    sustainable growth and retention.   

MVNO s
    typically do not own a network but lease the network of a service provider that does have a network. An MVNO business consists
    of managing two key relationships; Mobile Network Operator (MNO) and the end-users. MVNO provides mobile services without
    owning spectrum and relies on the MNO network infrastructure. Notably, this business arrangement allows smaller service providers
    to be focused on specific aspects of the mobile business by offering specialized services and enriching the industry service
    offerings through optimization usage of the network infrastructure.   

MVNOs
    provide lower operational costs for mobile operators through billing, sales, customer service, marketing, increase revenue
    through new applications, value added services and attractive rates. As such, the opportunity for mobile operators to take
    advantage of MVNOs generally outweighs the competitive threat.   

Type
    of MVNO s   

Discount  
      Provides
    very low call rates to market segments for example, the foreign workers market   
 
      Lifestyle  
      Focuses
    on specific niche market demographics for example on the high income executives with specific interests   
 
      Advertising-funded  
      Earns
    advertising revenue in order to provide free voice, SMS and data to its subscribers   
 
      Ethnic  
      Provides
    services to certain ethnic groups in the country. For e.g. XOX caters to the Chinese community in Malaysia, other MVNOs like
    Lycamobile, Lebara, iCard Mobile, Globalcell Mobile and Dialog Vizz who target ethnic communities by providing inexpensive
    calls to their home country   
 
      Data  
      Focuses
    on selling data subscriptions to end-users. Amazon in US and Dell in Japan are Data MVNOs. Merchantrade in Malaysia is a Data
    MVNO.   

Examples
of other MVNO s in Malaysia  

Merchantrade  
      A
    strong presence in the foreign workers  in the Malaysia on Celcom network   
 
      XOX  
      Focus
    to serve the Chinese community offering services riding on Maxis network   
 
      Redtone  
      Serving
    the small and medium-sized enterprises market segment. A spin-off of Redtone International Bhd riding on Maxis   
 
      Tune Talk  
      A
    lifestyle service offering as sister companies Tune Hotels and Tune Money. Operates on Celcom s network   
 
      Smart Pinoy  
      A
    service zooming into over 700,000 Filipino migrant workers in Malaysia, a joint venture between Celcom and Philippines Long
    Distance Telecom (PLDT)   
 
      Tron  
      Offering
    a yearlong validity for Tron user community numerous incentives. Rides on DiGi network   
 
      MyEvolution  
      Malaysia s
    first Machine-to-Machine (M2M) MVNO service on DiGi network\   
 
      Tesco  
      Affinity
    program via Clubcard (Tesco loyalty card) on Maxis network   
 
      SpeakOut  
      Targeting
    students, youth, business travelers, tourists, migrant workers and telco-blacklisted individuals   
 
      Buzz Me  
      A
    prepaid mobile services operating on U Mobile targeting the urban young market   
 
      FRiENDi  
      A
    joint venture between Virgin Mobile Middle East   Africa and Kumpulan Perangsang Selangor   
 
      Altel  
      A
    MVNO under Puncak Semangat, within the Al-Bukhary group, in collaboration with CELCOM. No clear direction or target market.   

-
7 -  

Plan
                            of operations   
             
          OUR
        PLAN OF OPERATION FOR THE NEXT TWELVE MONTHS.  
             
          We
        hope to generate additional revenues in the next twelve months by engaging business operations through internal growth
        and through strategic acquisitions and cooperative advertising agreements, as described more fully under  Overview 
        above.    

We
    have cash and cash equivalents of $4,076 as of September 30, 2016; a decrease of about 95% from the previous period end of
    December 31, 2015. On October 17, 2016 the Company raised about $1,320,000 by placing out 120,000,000 shares at $0.011 per
    share. In the opinion of management, these funds including the recent raise of $1,320,000, will not satisfy our working capital
    requirements to operate at our current level of activity for the next twelve months. To effectuate our business plan, during
    the next twelve months, we must arrange for additional funding to implement our plans of mobile communication and applications,
    financial technology and services to digital market place and closed group communities.   

Financing
                            and funding    

Management
    intends to continue to raise additional financing through debt and equity financing or other means and interests that it deems
    necessary, with a view to implementing our business plan and building a revenue base. We plan to use the proceeds of such
    financings to provide working capital to our operations and increase our capital expenditure for marketing and working with
    our co-operative partners. There can be no assurances that sufficient financing will be available on terms acceptable to us
    or at all. Our forecast for the period for which financial resources will be needed to support our operations involves risks
    and uncertainties and actual results could fail as a result of a number of factors.   

Specifically,
    we hope to accomplish the steps as set out in this report to implement our business plan in respect of developing and integrating
    the MVNO business with our mobile application and financial technology services. The success of our plans is subject to our
    ability to obtain adequate funding. Such additional capital may be raised through public or private equity financing, borrowings,
    or other sources, such as contributions from our officers and directors. If we are unable to obtain funds necessary to implement
    our business plan, we may revise or scale back our business plan.   

We
    are not currently conducting any research and development activities, other than the continual development of our website.
    We do not anticipate conducting any other research and development activities in the near future. In the event that we expand
    our business scope, then we may need to hire additional employees or independent contractors as well as purchase or lease
    additional equipment and open new office locations.   

-
8 -  

Results
    of operation.    

-
9 -  

Going
    Concern    

The
    Company's financial statements are presented on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction
    of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has experienced significant losses from operations in recent
    periods. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 the Company incurred net losses of $467,263 and has accumulated losses
    of $6,194,464 as at September 30, 2016. The Company's ability to continue as a going concern must be considered in light of
    the problems, expenses and complications frequently encountered in developing markets and the competitive environment in which
    the Company operates. The Company is pursuing financing for its operations seeking additional investment in the Group. In
    addition, the Company is seeking to expand its revenue base in its consulting business and in developing the MVNO business
    in Malaysia. Failure to secure such financing, to raise additional equity capital and to expand its revenue based may result
    in the Company depleting its available funds and not being able to pay its obligations. These financial statements do not
    include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts
    and classification of liabilities that may result from the possible inability of the Company to continue as a going concern.   

Off
    Balance Sheet Arrangements    

As
    of September 30, 2016, there were no off balance sheet arrangements. The Company has no off balance sheet obligations nor
    guarantees and has not historically used special purpose entities for any transactions.   

Item
    3.   
       Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk.    

Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk:    

The
    Company is exposed to various market risks, including changes in interest rates. Market risk is the potential loss arising
    from adverse changes in market rates and prices, such as interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. The Company does
    not enter into derivatives or other financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. The Company also has not entered
    into financial instruments to manage and reduce the impact of changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates,
    although we may enter into such transactions in the future.   

Item
    4.   
       Controls
    and Procedures.    

Evaluation
    of Disclosure Controls and Procedures:    

Our
    disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports that we file
    or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
    specified in the rules and forms of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. Our principal executive and financial
    officer have reviewed the effectiveness of our  disclosure controls and procedures  (as defined in the Securities
    Exchange Act of 1934 Rules 13a-14(c) and 15d-14(c)) within the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form
    10-Q and have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to ensure that material information
    relating to the Company is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported in a timely manner as the Company did not have proper
    staffing of accounting personnel to prepare the accounts in timely manner. However, this deficiency has since been rectified
    as we have now staffed 6 accountants in our accounting department to ensure that our financial reporting will be prepared
    and presented timely. Except for the staffing of the accounting department noted above, there were no significant changes
    in our internal controls or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the last day they
    were evaluated by our principal executive and financial officers.   

Changes
    in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting:    

There
    have been no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting during the last quarterly period covered by
    this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over
    financial reporting.   

-
10 -  

PART
    II - OTHER INFORMATION    

Item
    1.   
       Legal
    Proceedings    

None.   

Item
    2.   
       Unregistered
    Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

None.   

Item
    3.   
       Defaults
    Upon Senior Securities    

None.   

Item
    4.   
       Submissions
    of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders    

None.   

Item
    5.   
       Other
    Information    

None.   

-
11 -  

Item
    6.   
       Exhibits    

Exhibit
    No.   
       Description
    of Exhibit    

2.1  
      Shareholders 
    Agreement between Good World Investments Limited, Advance Tech Communications Sdn. Bhd. And ATC Marketing Limited (7)    
 
      2.2  
      Sale
    and Purchase Agreement entered by Good World Investments Limited to acquire 5% equity interest in Advance Tech Communications
    Sdn. Bhd.  (8)    
 
      2.3  
      Sale
    and Purchase Agreement between Good World Investments Limited and ECE Technologies Sdn. Bhd.  (9)    
 
      2.4  
      Sale
    and Purchase Agreement between the Company and Samata Ventures Sdn Bhd and Clixster Sdn Bhd.  (10)    
 
      2.5  
      Sale
    and Purchase Agreement between the Company and KR Global Ventures Sdn Bhd.  (11)    
 
      2.6  
      Sale
    and Purchase Agreement between the Company and Mohamad Puzi Bin Khalid, and the brand licensing agreement between the Company
    and Mohamad Puzi Bin Khalid (12)    
 
      3.1  
      Articles
    of Incorporation  (1)    
 
      3.1.1  
      Certificate
    of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation  (2)    
 
      3.1.2  
      Certificate
    of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, as amended. (3)    
 
      3.1.3  
      Certificate
    of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, as amended. (4)    
 
      3.1.4  
      Certificate
    of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, as amended. (5)    
 
      3.2  
      Bylaws
     (1)    
 
      10.1  
      2007
    Stock Incentive Plan  (4)    
 
      31.1*  
      Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      31.2*  
      Certification
    of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      32.1*  
      Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      32.2*  
      Certification
    of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

1.  
      Incorporated
    by reference to our Registration Statement on Form SB-2 as filed with the SEC on April 15, 2003.   
 
      2.  
      Incorporated
    by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on February 3, 2005.   
 
      3.  
      Incorporated
    by reference to our Registration Statement on Form SB-2 as filed with the SEC on September 26, 2005.   
 
      4.  
      Incorporated
    by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S8 as filed with the SEC on March 8, 2007.   
 
      5.  
      Incorporated
    by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on April 7, 2014.   
 
      6.  
      Incorporated
    by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on October 12, 2015.   
 
      7.  
      Incorporated
    by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on May 26, 2009.   
 
      8.  
      Incorporated
    by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on February 22, 2011.   
 
      9.  
      Incorporated
    by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on March 16, 2012.   
 
      10.  
      Incorporated
    by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on February 6, 2014.   
 
      11.  
      Incorporated
    by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on January 16, 2014.   
 
      12  
      Incorporated
    by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on December 16, 2015   

* Filed
    herewith.   

-
12 -  

SIGNATURES    

Pursuant
    to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 34, the registrant has duly caused this report
    to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.   

Median Group Inc   

a Texas corporation   

/s/  Andrew Hwan Lee    

---------------------------------------   

Andrew Hwan Lee   

Chief
        Executive Officer  

/s/ Mohd Suhaimi bin Rozali    

---------------------------------------   

Mohd Suhaimi bin Rozali   

Chief
        Financial Officer  

In
    accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and
    in the capacities and on the dates indicated.   

By:  
        /s/   Dato
    Haji Abdul Fattah Abdullah    
      November 14, 2016   

-----------------------------------------------------  

Dato Haji Abdul Fattah Abdullah  

Its:  
      Director  

By:  
        /s/   Andrew
    Hwan Lee   
      November 14, 2016   

-----------------------------------------------------  

Andrew Hwan Lee  

Its:  
      President, Chief Executive Officer, Director  

By:  
        /s/   Ahmad
    Shukri Abdul Ghani   
      November 14, 2016   

-----------------------------------------------------  

Ahmad Shukri Abdul Ghani  

Its:  
      Director  

By:  
        /s/  Mohd.
    Suhaimi bin Rozali   
      November 14, 2016   

-----------------------------------------------------  

Mohd Suhaimi bin Rozali  

Its:  
      Chief Financial Officer, Company Secretary,
    Treasurer  

-
13 -  

<EX-31>
 3
 ex311-111416mgi.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 | Median Group Inc. 

Exhibit
    31.1    

Certification
        of Chief Executive Officer of the Company  
           Pursuant
        to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
           and
        Securities and Exchange Commission Release 34-46427     

I,  Andrew
    Hwan Lee, certify that:   

1. I have reviewed
    this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Median Group Inc;   

2. Based on my knowledge,
    this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
    statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
    covered by this report;   

3. Based on my knowledge,
    the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
    the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
    report;   

4. The registrant's
    other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
    Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   
 
      (b)  
      Designed such internal
    control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
    to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
    for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   
 
      (c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness
    of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
    of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   
 
      (d)  
      Disclosed in this
    report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
    recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
    or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

5.
    I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
    and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
    and   
 
      (b)  
      Any fraud, whether
    or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer's internal
    control over financial reporting.   

/s/ Andrew Hwan Lee    
 
      -----------------------   
 
      Andrew Hwan Lee   
 
       Chief
        Executive Officer  
             
          November
14, 2016  

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 4
 ex312-111416mgi.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 | Median Group Inc. 

Exhibit 31.2    

Certification
        of Chief Financial Officer of the Company  
           Pursuant
        to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
           and
        Securities and Exchange Commission Release 34-46427     

I, Mohd Suhaimi
    bin Rozali, certify that:   

1. I have reviewed
    this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Median Group Inc;   

2. Based on my knowledge,
    this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
    statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
    covered by this report;   

3. Based on my knowledge,
    the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
    the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
    report;   

4. The registrant's
    other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
    Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   
 
      (b)  
      Designed such internal
    control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
    to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
    for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   
 
      (c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness
    of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
    of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   
 
      (d)  
      Disclosed in this
    report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
    recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
    or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

5.
    I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
    and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
    and   
 
      (b)  
      Any fraud, whether
    or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer's internal
    control over financial reporting.   

/s/  Mohd Suhaimi bin
    Rozali    
 
      -----------------------   
 
      Mohd Suhaimi bin Rozali

Chief
        Financial Officer  
             
          November
14, 2016  

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 5
 ex321-111416mgi.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 | Median Group Inc. 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO   

   18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

   SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In
    connection with the Quarterly Report of Median Group Inc a Texas corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the  six
    months period ending September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ),
    Andrew Hwan Lee, I, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certifies to the best of his knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
    ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:   

(1)  
      The
    Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      The
    information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations
    of the Company.   

A signed
    original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Median Group Inc, and will be retained by
    Median Group Inc and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.   

/s/
    Andrew Hwan Lee    
 
      --------------------------   
 
      Andrew Hwan Lee   
 
      Chief Executive
    Officer   

November 14, 2016   

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 6
 ex322-111416mgi.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 32.1 | Median Group Inc. 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO   

   18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

   SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In
    connection with the Quarterly Report of Median Group Inc a Texas corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the
    six months period ending September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
     Report ), Mohd Suhaimi bin Rozali, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certifies to the best of his knowledge,
    pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:   

(1)  
      The
    Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      The
    information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations
    of the Company.   

A signed
    original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Median Group Inc., and will be retained by
    Median Group Inc and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.   

/s/
     Mohd Suhaimi bin Rozali    
 
      --------------------------   
 
      Mohd Suhaimi bin
    Rozali   
 
      Chief Financial
    Officer   

November 14, 2016   

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 chmd-20160930.xml
 XBRL

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 chmd-20160930.xsd
 XBRL

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 chmd-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 chmd-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 chmd-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 chmd-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL

</EX-101.PRE>

