<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161013_10-K_edgar_data_1443089_0001520138-16-001212_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2328665</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>109802</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>179131</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>469363</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>863538</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>644858</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>40</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001520138-16-001212.hdr.sgml : 20161013
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161013153809
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001520138-16-001212
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161013
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161013

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001443089
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT, NEC [3669]
		IRS NUMBER:				261280759
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-153290
		FILM NUMBER:		161934968

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 W. CHURCH ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE B
		CITY:			KING OF PRUSSIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19406
		BUSINESS PHONE:		877 639 2929

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 W. CHURCH ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE B
		CITY:			KING OF PRUSSIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19406

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20081003

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080815

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001520138-16-001212.txt : 20161013

10-K
 1
 whsi-20160630_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K FOR PERIOD ENDED JUNE 30, 2016

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C.  20549  

 _ __________________________________________________________________________________________  

  Form 10-K  

___________________________________________________________________________________________  

For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 

For the Transition Period from ______ to ______ 

Commission file number  333-153290   

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC.   

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

Nevada   
       
       26-3534190    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   

Securities registered
    pursuant to   
 
      Securities
    registered pursuant to  
         
      Section
    12(g) of the Act:   
 
       Section
                                         12(b) of the Act:  

(Title
    of Each Class)   
 
        None   

None    

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined by Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes   No

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.  

   Yes   No

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   No

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (  229.405 of this chapter)
is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or
information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.
Yes    No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer         
      Accelerated filer   

Non-accelerated filer         
      Smaller reporting company   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes      No    

 The aggregate market value of voting and non-voting
common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based upon the closing bid quotation for the registrant s common stock,
as reported on the OTC OB quotation service, as of December 31, 2015, the last business day of the registrant s most recently
completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately $1,812,095. 

 As of October 11, 2016, the registrant had 44,874,177
shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Annual Report
on Form 10-K 

 For the Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2016 

 INDEX 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Part II  

ITEM 5.     Market for Registrants  Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchasers of Equity Securities   
      11   
 
      ITEM 6.     Selected Financial Data   
      12   
 
      ITEM 7.     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      12   
 
      ITEM 8.     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   
      18   
 
      ITEM 9.     Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   
      18   
 
      ITEM 9A.     Controls and Procedures   
      18   
 
      ITEM 9B.     Other Information   
      20   

Part III  

ITEM 10.     Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   
      21   
 
      ITEM 11.     Executive Compensation   
      23   
 
      ITEM 12.     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   
      24   
 
      ITEM 13.     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   
      25   
 
      ITEM 14.     Principal Accountant Fees and Services   
      25   

Part IV  

ITEM 15.     Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules   
      27   
 
      Signatures  
      28   

Part I 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  

On one or more occasions, we may make forward-looking
statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding our assumptions, projections, expectations, targets, intentions or beliefs
about future events. Words or phrases such as  anticipates,   may,   will,   should, 
 believes,   estimates,   expects,   intends,   plans,   predicts, 
 projects,   targets,   will likely result,   will continue  or similar expressions
identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are only our predictions and involve numerous assumptions,
risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to those listed below and those business risks and factors described elsewhere
in this report and our other Securities and Exchange Commission filings. 

We undertake no obligation to publicly update
or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. However, your attention
is directed to any further disclosures made on related subjects in our subsequent annual and periodic reports filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K and Proxy Statements on Schedule 14A. 

References herein to  we,   us, 
 our  or  the Company  refer to Wearable Health Solutions, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

   ITEM 1. Business 

 General 

Wearable Health Solutions, Inc. (f/k/a Medical
Alarm Concepts Holding, Inc.) (the  Company  or  Wearable Health ) was formed in June 2008 and, on June
24, 2008 we acquired 100% of the membership interests in Medical Alarm Concepts, LLC, a Delaware limited liability corporation. 

 Overview 

 Our principal executive offices are located
at 200 West Church Road, Suite B, King of Prussia, PA 19406, and our telephone number is (877) 639-2929. Our website addresses 
are www.medipendant.com, www.ihelpalarm.com and www. wearablehealthsolutions.com. 

- 1 - 

        Table of Contents  

The Company manufactures medical alarm devices
that are used to summon help in the event of an emergency. While these devices are primarily designed for the elderly, there is
also a market for those who are physically disabled, as well as for persons living alone. 

The Company was organized in mid-2008. The
operation was financed with a considerable amount of toxic convertible debt. This type of financing, along with several other issues,
prevented the Company from realizing a robust growth rate for its first few years of operation. Since that time, considerable management
time has been spent and investor money utilized to turn the Company s operation around. 

Our flagship product is called the MediPendant ,
which is a personal emergency alarm that is used to summon help in the event of an emergency at home. Currently, approximately
60% of all medical alarms being sold in the United States are first-generation technologies that require the user to speak and
listen through a central base station unit. The MediPendant , however, offers a product that has the speaker in the pendant,
enabling the user to simply speak and listen directly through the pendant in the event of an emergency. 

We also manufacture the iHelp  mobile
medical alarm device. The iHelp  is a next-generation medical alarm that utilizes T-Mobile s 2G network. Users of the
iHelp  mobile medical alarm can take the device with them wherever there is cellular service. There is no base station and
the iHelp  only requires a cellular signal in order to work. 

The company has invested time, manpower, and
money into the development of this product. On September 30, 2014, the company signed an agreement for a $300,000 line of credit
to enable it to launch the iHelp , and to build the infrastructure that allowed the Company to buy and track air time from
T-Mobile for cellular operation of this unit. The credit line was increased to $500,000 in January 2015. The iHelp  has enhanced
features and functions including an advanced GPS system, the ability to remotely locate a loved one, and a dealer portal that enables
dealers to manage their own iHelp  customer base. A significant amount of time was spent on the backend systems, including
the dealer portal. iHelp  dealers have significant benefits, most importantly the ease of use in ordering product, activating
and deactivating customers, tracking their customer usage, and creating and printing a variety of reports to assist in billing
and collecting revenues. The iHelp  dealer program is a turn-key program that offers the dealer the opportunity to provide
his/her customers with the latest products without having to change his/her own backend. 

We are in the process of discontinuing the
iHelp  and implementing a new product called the iHelp+ 3G . The iHelp+ 3G  is a cellular medical alert system
that operates on a 3G network. In March 2016 and May 2016 the company raised an additional $612,500 and $425,000 to further develop
the 3G product. Initially, it will be operating on the AT T network (GSM - Global), and ultimately it will be able to operate
on the Verizon (CDMA - USA) network as well. It is Bluetooth and Wi-Fi enabled. It has a much broader reach than the iHelp ,
as well as additional functions, such as fall detection and geo-fencing (ability to pre-set an area and alert loved ones if the
user leaves or enters the pre-set area). As of this date we have gained FCC, CE, and PTCRB approval. Expected product launch date
is now Dec 2016. 

- 2 - 

        Table of Contents  

It is planned that by the end of 2017the iHelp+3G 
will be used as the communication device for Low Energy Bluetooth 4.0-enabled devices, and used for collecting and sending vital
sign data, in any requested manner, to encrypted HIPAA-compliant cloud servers for access by proper parties. 

 New Product Development 

 The design and development of wearable  biosensor 
devices, such as the iHelp+3G  for health and wellness, has garnered much attention in the public and healthcare community
during the last few years. This is primarily motivated by increasing healthcare costs and propelled by recent technology advances
in miniature bio-sensing devices, micro-computing technology, and wireless communications. The advance of wearable sensor-based
systems will potentially transform the future of  telehealth , personal emergency response (PERS, mPERS) and remote
monitoring, by enabling ubiquitous, convenient-to-use, cost-effective and proactive personal health management with real and near
real-time monitoring and archiving of personal safety, health, and environmental conditions. 

Beyond the recent emergence of smart mobile
wireless and geographic location solutions, these systems will integrate via Bluetooth low energy 4.0 and other technologies with
FDA approved medical devices and biosensors. The Company will be able to collect data on vital signs, send this data to HIPAA compliant
servers in the cloud, and allow access by caregivers, nurses, doctors, hospitals, and other health organizations. This process
can facilitate low-monthly-cost wearable solutions for the implementation of monitoring of users, all day and anywhere, for emergency,
health, and activity status changes. This evolution will change the face of the traditional PERS device into a WHAM (Wearable Health
  Alarm Monitoring) market. 

 Market Background 

 Living arrangements have changed greatly in
the United States among older people and other potentially vulnerable segments of the population, including those with physical
disabilities and/or medical conditions. During the 20th century, one of the most dramatic changes in the lives of the aging in
the United States was the rise of the number of aging people living at home alone. In 1910, for example, only 12% of widows age
65 or older lived alone. In 1970, this figure was 70% and today it is estimated to be impressively higher. 

- 3 - 

        Table of Contents  

In the 21st century, this trend has gained
momentum and become stronger than ever, with more of the aging and medically at risk population living alone at present than at
any other time in the past, especially with the rise of the aging Baby Boomer population. The Baby Boomers, those born between
1946 and 1964, started turning 65 years old in 2011, with the number of older people set to increase dramatically during the 2010
to 2030 time period. According to a 2009 analysis of U.S. Current Population Survey data,  between 2010 and 2030, the number
of people age 65 and older is projected to grow by 31.7 million or 79.2%.  Thus, the older population in 2030 is projected
to be twice as large as in 2000, growing from 35 million to 71.5 million, representing 20% of the total U.S. population around
the year 2030. 

This social dynamic of a rising older population
is true in both the United States as well as in many developed nations worldwide. Likewise, social change, technological advancements,
and general lifestyle choices have promoted increased independence and the ability to live alone among other potentially vulnerable
segments of the population such as those with physical disabilities or medical conditions. These groups can be especially susceptible
to health problems and concerns for their physical wellbeing. Experts and even common sense agree that in order to help facilitate
independence and safety, more help is needed to provide these people with a point of contact in case of emergency, or the benefit
of support in a time of need. It was in response to this situation that the personal emergency response systems (PERS) industry
emerged in the United States and developed the first personal medical alarm. The most obvious and common use for personal medical
alarms is as a safeguard for the aged and persons with certain medical conditions, in case of an age or health related incident
that requires immediate attention, and in which the victim is unable to reach out for assistance via traditional means, including
the ability to make a telephone call. 

Effective personal emergency response systems
with their emergency alert capabilities, are a key technology solution that can greatly help the vulnerable segment of the population
live a more free and active life while maintaining the security of being able to access immediate assistance as needed. In fact,
there has been a boom in the PERS market in recent years because of the growing aging population worldwide. According to Forrester
Research, Inc., the PERS market in the United States has grown at double digit rates, from approximately $350 million in 2004 to
$2 billion in 2012 and increasing every year thereafter. 

Today, however, while the PERS industry has
been around for a long time, much of the technology within the industry has unfortunately remained stagnant. Many of the original
PERS solutions are still designed today to provide alerts whereby a push of a button simply triggers a call center operator to
respond by calling the device user at home, with two-way voice communication done through a centralized speaker box and not the
actual device itself. Thus, traditional PERS solutions currently on the market offer communication between user and a call center
only through a speaker box. This greatly inhibits the user s freedom and limits their mobility to an area near the speaker
box. 

Mobile medical alerts have recently been introduced
to the market. They are designed for the younger and more active person with medical issues, and also the active elderly adult. 

- 4 - 

        Table of Contents  

And with the emergence of telehealth and biosensor
technology, the market is changing again, to an even younger people with medical issues that need to be tracked on a regular basis. 

Wearable Health Solutions offers a wide range
of solutions for the user from a simple at home medical alarm to a mobile device that enables the user to get help anywhere they
go. With the introduction of the telehealth product by the end of 2017, users will be able to get help, before they even know they
need it. 

 Market Opportunity 

 The healthcare industry is the largest industry
in the world, with the home healthcare market in developed countries in particular growing rapidly, driven in part by aging baby
boomers and a growing shift toward moving some types of healthcare away from the hospital and into the home. 

These trends help make the home healthcare
sector an increasingly attractive market for successful companies that offer effective solutions in the PERS industry space. 

The most obvious and common use for personal
medical alarms is as a safeguard for the aged and persons with certain medical conditions, not only in case of an age or health
related incident that requires immediate attention, but in which the victim is unable to reach out for assistance via traditional
means, including the placement of a telephone call. While very few things can prevent falls by aged persons or other unforeseen
medical emergencies, medical alarms mitigate the potential harm and expensive hospital stays done by initiating a timely response
to such an incident. And tracking devices, like the iHelp+3G  for wearable biosensors will be able to monitor people with
pre-existing conditions. 

In fact, there has been a boom in the PERS
market in recent years because of the growing aging population worldwide and in the United States in particular. According to the
U.S. Census Bureau, the number of people over 65 in the United States is set to jump from approximately 34 million today to approximately
65 million in 2025. By 2050, this number is projected to reach 86.7 million, with many of them living at home or in an alternative
home-type environment. Worldwide, this figure number is expected to double from some 550 million people currently at age 65 years
old to over 1.2 billion seniors by the time period around the year 2025. 

Not surprisingly, experts in the health care
industry expect many of these seniors will want to continue living independently at home for as long as possible. Likewise, more
than any aging generation of the past, this population is expected to be more technology-savvy as consumers of healthcare are very
interested in playing an active role in personally managing their health and well-being. Importantly, they will likely look to
technologies that help them gain access to medical care while being able to remain independent and outside a hospital environment. 

- 5 - 

        Table of Contents  

Effective personal emergency response systems
(PERS), with their emergency alert capabilities, are a key technology solution that can greatly help the vulnerable segment of
the population live a more free and active life while maintaining the security of being able to access immediate assistance as
needed. According to Forrester Research, Inc., the PERS market in the United States has grown at double digit rates, from approximately
$350 million in 2004 to $2 billion in 2012 and increasing every year thereafter. 

According to statistics from some of the industry s
largest providers of traditional PERS solutions, customers of these emergency alert systems are typically individuals over the
age of 75 years old whom are predominantly female and live alone, with the actual buyers of PERS systems often being the end user s
children who purchase the medical alarms for their parents. 

Regarding purchases of PERS solutions worldwide,
the large majority of customers currently pay for their PERS products out-of-pocket, with government reimbursement for PERS items
varying from country to country. In the United States, for example, 25% of PERS sales were government reimbursed in 2004, compared
to 35% in Germany, just over 50% in France and nearly 100% in the United Kingdom. Furthermore, it is estimated government reimbursement
for PERS will ramp up in a number of countries, further fueling demand for these products. 

Interestingly, as an approximation of the potential
PERS market size in the United States, Lifeline Systems, Inc., the founder of the PERS industry in the U.S. approximately 35 years
ago, served 250,000 users in the United States and Canada around the time frame of 1992. Today, Philips Medical Systems 
acquisition of Lifeline Medical Alarm has positioned it as the largest provider of traditional PERS systems with over 700,000 monitored
accounts, implying that the total market size of users is likely much larger. 

 Sales and Marketing 

 The company s marketing efforts are focused
in four main areas, 1) Internet sales   marketing, 2) retail distribution, 3) wholesale distribution and 4) international markets. 

Internet Sales   Marketing - the Company
markets the MediPendant  through its website at www.MediPendant.com and its iHelp  mobile medical alarm to dealers at
www.ihelpalarm.com. Due to the complex sales process for medical alarms, which often require several phone calls among the end
user customer s family members before a decision is reached, the MediPendant and iHelp  websites are used mainly
for informational purposes with the actual sale typically taking place over the phone with one of our customer service representatives
or one of our many dealers. The company uses a variety of techniques, such as Internet paid ad campaigns and social media, in order
to drive web traffic to the websites, and initiate potential customer sales calls. 

- 6 - 

        Table of Contents  

Retail Distribution - During 2012, the company
announced its plans to promote the MediPendant  product utilizing an e-commerce marketing strategy program designed specifically
for Costco Wholesale Corporation and its members. Costco began offering the MediPendant  to its customers via its website during
the spring of 2012. 

Wholesale Distribution - The Company currently
has several relationships with wholesalers who resell the MediPendant  and the iHelp  in conjunction with their own monitoring
services. The company believes its relationships with its strategic partners is good. The company is currently in discussions with
several other wholesale groups looking to distribute our products through their own independent channels. With the introduction
of the iHelp+ 3G , Wearable Health Solutions will be selling only through Wholesale Distribution and in International Markets. 

International Markets   The Company also
distributes its products in a wholesale manner to selected international markets. To date, the company has made sales in Denmark,
Ireland, Bermuda, and the People s Republic of China. There has recently been a lot of International interest in the company s
new iHelp+ 3G , and the company plans to distribute its product initially in Canada and Europe, and expand from there. 

 Competition 

 The market for Personal Emergency Response
Systems (PERS) is highly fragmented. Because the vast majority of the market participants are private corporations, only limited
information about competitors is available. 

The vast majority of competitors market first
generation PERS systems that rely on a centralized base station for communication between the user and the monitoring center. The
second largest of these market participants is believed to be Life Alert, which was founded in 1987. The largest participant is
thought to be Philips Medical Systems, which several years ago purchased Lifeline Medical Alarms. Additionally, there are dozens
of smaller organizations marketing PERS devices and monitoring services. 

Mobile Medical Alerts have recently been introduced
to the market. They are designed for the younger and more active person with medical issues and also the active elderly adult. 

- 7 - 

        Table of Contents  

Termination of Patent Purchase
Agreement and New Patent Licensing Agreement 

On July 10, 2008, the Company entered into
a Purchase Agreement and Patent Assignment Agreement (the  Agreement ) effective July 31, 2008. The Company was obligated
to pay the seller $2,500,000 on June 30, 2012. The Agreement specifies interest of 6% payable monthly, commencing on July 31, 2008.
The seller had the right to reacquire all patents and applications if payment was not made on June 30, 2012; however, this agreement
has been extended quarterly since June 30, 2012. The patent purchase agreement refers to patent #RE41845 and RE41392. The scope
of the patents are as follows: A personal emergency communication system includes a user-carried portable communication unit having
a single button, which when depressed by the user, wirelessly sends a call request signal to a base unit. The base unit initiates
a telephone call through a dial-up network to an emergency response center and places an operator at the emergency center responder
in wireless voice communication with the portable unit when the call is connected. The telephone number to be called can be stored
in at least one of the portable unit and the base unit. A speech synthesizer operating in combination with automated voice messages
stored in at least one of the base unit and portable unit system memory are used to advise the user of the status of the call,
and to provide the user with verbal confirmation that functional systems of the base unit are operating properly. 

In June 2015, the Company made a decision to
terminate its patent agreement with Nevin Jenkins, the patent holder. Mr. Jenkins and the Company agreed to a new revised licensing
agreement whereby the company still has the ability to order and sell product utilizing the patent. The company feels that the
old agreement was too costly, and money would be better served based on its decision of investing in more cellular type mPERS devices.
Its new agreement with Mr. Jenkins will enable the Company to continue selling the MediPendant  based on a cost plus structure. 

 Products 

 The Company s primary focus is the sale
of its medical alarm and safety alert devices, which are some of the most advanced systems on the market today. 

- 8 - 

        Table of Contents  

MediPendant   

MediPendant  is the Company s traditional
medical alarm product and the world s first monitored two-way voice speakerphone pendant for the PERS (personal emergency
response) industry. It allows the user to speak and listen to the operator directly through the pendant. Wearable Health Solutions 
alarm pendant also offers superior range radio frequency capabilities and an enhanced communication range that enable the user
to move freely in and about the home, including up to an extended range that is revolutionary in the PERS industry. Specifically,
the MediPendant  system enables the device wearer to move up to 600+ feet (line of sight) away from the main base station,
a distance that far exceeds competitive offerings on the market today that instead require the user to be within speaking distance
of the base station box, a situation that may not be conducive to an emergency if the end user is not at the base station. 

As part of the MediPendant  product offering,
users receive Wearable Health Solutions  two-way communication pendant, base station unit and a subscription to the Company s
around-the-clock personal response service monitoring center. 

Emergency calls made through the Company s
MediPendant  device are always handled by certified operators who are available around the clock 24-hours a day and guaranteed
to remain on the line with MediPendant  subscribers until the problem is resolved and/or help arrives. Operators are trained
to immediately assess the situation and can either connect the caller to a loved-one or dispatch medical personnel to the user s
location. All emergency operators are prepared to bring calm, professional, knowledgeable insight to any situation. Additionally,
the call center can also maintain an important list of personal information for all MediPendant  users that includes an updated
list of medications, health information and the subscriber s contact information including home address for location and
dispatch purposes. This personal information and medical history are securely stored by the monitoring center and can be provided
to the dispatched authority and emergency responders as necessary. 

- 9 - 

        Table of Contents  

iHelp   

 The company recently announced the launch of
a new, advanced medical alarm device called the iHelp . The iHelp  is an advanced mobile medical alert system, designed
to be easy to use, lightweight yet durable, but with significantly advanced features. The company has invested time, manpower,
and money into the development and launch of this product. The iHelp  has enhanced features and functions including an advanced
GPS system, the ability to remotely locate a loved one, voice prompts, and a dealer portal that enables dealers to manage their
own iHelp  customer base. A significant amount of time was spent on the back end systems, including the dealer portal. iHelp 
dealers have significant benefits, most importantly the ease of use in ordering product, activating and deactivating customers,
tracking their customer usage, and creating and printing a variety of reports. The iHelp  dealer program is a turn-key program
that offers the dealer the opportunity to provide his/her customers with the latest products without having to change his/her own
 back end  systems. With the introduction of the new and greatly improved iHelp+ 3G  unit, the iHelp  will
no longer be produced. 

iHelp +   3G  

 The iHelp+ 3G  is currently in the final
approval stage and is expected to be available to the marketplace by December 2016. The iHelp+ 3G  is similar to the iHelp 
in that it is an mPERS product. However, the iHelp+ 3G  will have more advanced features and functions, including the ability
to detect if the wearer of the unit falls such as in the shower, have Geo-Fencing and Tracking ability, will operate on the  3G 
networks, and be telehealth enabled via blue tooth low energy 4.0. The unit will have superior audio quality, an extended battery
life, and will operate on GSM networks allowing for use with AT T providers both domestically and internationally (with AT T
partners), therefore enabling extended coverage almost anywhere the user may go. 

   ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 

 As a small reporting company, we are not required
to provide this information. 

   ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comment 

 None. 

   ITEM 2. Properties 

 Our business office is located at 200 West
Church Road Suite B, King of Prussia, PA 19406. This office is leased. We believe the facilities we are now using are adequate
and suitable for business requirements. 

- 10 - 

        Table of Contents  

ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 

There are no legal claims currently pending
or threatened against us that in the opinion of our management would be likely to have a material adverse effect on our financial
position, results of operations or cash flows. 

   ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

 Not applicable. 

Part II 

   ITEM 5. Market for Registrants 
Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchasers of Equity Securities 

 Market Information 

 Our common stock has been quoted on the OTC
Bulletin Board system under the symbol  MDHI  since January 2, 2009. It is now quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol
WHSI. 

The market price of our common stock will be
subject to significant fluctuations in response to variations in our quarterly operating results, general trends in the market,
and other factors, over which we have little or no control. In addition, broad market fluctuations, as well as general economic,
business and political conditions, may adversely affect the market for our common stock, regardless of our actual or projected
performance. 

* Price Not available for Period 

- 11 - 

        Table of Contents  

Holders 

As of October 10, 2016, there were approximately
130 shareholders of record of our common shares. 

 Dividend Policy 

 Our policy is to reinvest earnings in order
to fund future growth. Therefore, we have not paid, and currently do not plan to declare dividends on our common stock. Although
we intend to retain our earnings, if any, to finance the exploration and growth of our business, our Board of Directors will have
the discretion to declare and pay dividends in the future. 

Payment of dividends in the future will depend
upon our earnings, capital requirements, and other factors, which our Board of Directors may deem relevant. 

 Equity Compensation Plan Information 

 We do not have any equity compensation plans
under which equity securities of the Company are authorized for issuance and we have not granted any stock options. 

   ITEM 6. Selected Financial
Data 

 Not applicable. 

   ITEM 7. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

  The following discussion and analysis should
be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto in Part II, Item 8 to this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements reflecting our current expectations. Actual results and the timing
of events may differ significantly from those projected in forward- looking statements due to a number of factors, including those
set forth in Item 1A  Risk Factors  of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  

Given these uncertainties, readers of this
filing and investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.  

- 12 - 

        Table of Contents  

Results of Operations 

Revenue  

 Revenue generated during the years ended June
30, 2016 and 2015 were $1,295,524 and $1,147,099, respectively; representing a 13% or $148,425 increase in the year ended June
30, 2016 comparing with last year. This increase is due mainly to the sale of the iHelp 2G, the mPERS product that was introduced
by us in early 2015 and is being sold only through dealer networks. The result of selling hardware to our dealers will help the
company increase sales and margins, and decrease manpower. 

Cost of Revenue  

 Cost of revenue incurred during years ended
June 30, 2016 and 2015 were $395,862 and $369,558, respectively, representing a 7% or $26,304 increase in the year ended June 30,
2016 comparing with last year. The increase of cost of sales was consistent with the higher sales during the current fiscal year
as compared with the previous fiscal year. During years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company charged $10,260 and $2,856 of
markdown of inventory into cost of revenue. 

Gross Profit  

 Gross profit generated during fiscal 2016 and
2015 was $899,662 and $777,541, representing 16% or $122,121 increase in the year ended June 30, 2016 compared with the year ended
June 30, 2015. The gross profit margin for fiscal 2016 and 2015 were 69% and 68%, respectively. The increase of gross profit was
the result increased sales resulting from the decision to distribute product directly to dealers. 

Selling Expenses  

 Selling expenses incurred during fiscal 2016
and 2015 was $82,069 and $305,738, respectively, representing $223,669 or 73% decrease in the year ended June 30, 2016 comparing
with last year. The decrease in selling expenses was mainly due to the reduced amount of marketing expenses charged by one of the
vendors, and a reduction in sales commissions due to a change in business direction to distribute our products directly to dealers 

- 13 - 

        Table of Contents  

General and Administrative  

 General and administrative expenses for fiscal
2016 and 2015 were $1,372,328 and $984,179 respectively, representing 39% or $388,149 increase in the year ended June 30, 2016
comparing with last year, mainly due to an increase in salary and consulting fees, and expenses associated with our new business
plan to redirect our efforts to our new iHelp+3G mobile medical alert device. 

On October 19, 2015, the Company issued 400,000
shares to two consultants for services performed per consulting agreements and 200,000 shares to one of the owners of MNY for compensation
of increasing the line of credit to $500,000. These shares were valued at $120,000 and $28,000, respectively, based on the quoted
market price at the date of grant. On January 13, 2015, the Company issued 280,000 shares of common stock to an unrelated
individual for services he provided to the Company. Such shares were valued $20,000. As a result, during fiscal year ended
June 30, 2016, the Company issued total amount of 880,000 shares, which were valued $168,000 for services. 

During the year ended June 30, 2015, the Company
issued 1,375,000 shares of common stock to consultants for services performed. Those shares were valued at $284,370 which was amortized
over service period. 

Research and Development  

 During fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 and
2015, the Company incurred research and development expenses of $32,400 and $0, respectively. 

Change in Fair Value
of Derivative Instrument  

 Changes in fair value of derivative instrument
generated $19,160 income during fiscal 2016; while expense generated from the changes in fair value of derivative instrument during
2015 was $11,335. 

Interest Expense  
Related Party  

 Interest expense-related party was $25,653
and $8,436 for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

- 14 - 

        Table of Contents  

Interest Expense  

 Interest expense for fiscal 2016 and 2015 were
$156,735 and $117,350, respectively. During fiscal 2016, the Company charged $79,374 amortization of debt discount into interest
expense. On March 3, 2016, the Company issued convertible notes two to investors with total amount of $673,750, with original issuance
discount of $40,832. 

Gain from Termination
of Patent Agreement  

 On July 10, 2008, the Company entered into
a Purchase Agreement and Patent Assignment Agreement (the  Agreement ) effective July 31, 2008. The Company was obligated
to pay the seller $2,500,000 on June 30, 2012. The Agreement specifies interest of 6% payable monthly, commencing on July 31, 2008.
The seller had the right to reacquire all patents and applications if payment was not made on June 30, 2012. This agreement had
been extended quarterly since June 30, 2012. This patent was recorded as an intangible asset and amortized over its estimated useful
life. In June 2015, the Company made decision to terminate the Agreement. Upon termination of this Agreement, the loan payable
of $2,500,000 and unamortized balance of intangible asset of $1,023,804 were written off and a gain of $1,476,196 was recorded.
There were no gains or losses in this fiscal year ended June 30, 2016. 

Loss from write-off
of loan receivable  

 On December 4, 2014, the Company loaned $30,000
to an employee of the Company. The note was due December 31, 2015 and was non-interest bearing. On June 1, 2016 the Company wrote
off the Note Receivable and this amount was charged to employee compensation. 

Net Income (Loss)  

Net loss for 2016 was $780,363; in contrast
net income for 2015 was $826,699, which resulted primarily from a one-time, non-cash gain from termination of the patent agreement
in the amount of $1,476,196, without which there would be net loss of $649,497. 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 As of June 30, 2016 and 2015, we had $106,411
and $1,335 in cash, respectively. 

During fiscal 2016 and 2015,
operating activities used net cash of $774,022 and $466,372, respectively. Main reasons for the 65% or $300,910 increase in
net cash used in operating activities were outlined below: 

- 15 - 

        Table of Contents  

5.    During 2016, the Company wrote-off a loan to an employee of $30,000,
this amount was charged to employee compensation; there was no such non-cash transaction during fiscal 2015;    

During 2015, the Company loaned $30,000
to an employee. During 2016, the Company also invested $53,625 to develop product software and additions to the website(s). There
was no such capitalization during 2015. 

During fiscal 2016 and 2015, financing activities
generated net cash inflow of $932,703 and $490,034, respectively. The increase of $442,669 was mainly due the following reasons. 

6.    During 2016, the Company raised proceeds of $12,500 when investor
exercised his warrants; the Company did not raise any finance from investor exercise warrants during 2015.    

- 16 - 

        Table of Contents  

We believe we can satisfy our cash requirements
for the next twelve months with our current cash flow from business operations, although there can be no assurance to that effect.
If we are unable to satisfy our cash requirements, we may be unable to proceed with our plan of operation. We do not anticipate
the purchase or sale of any significant equipment. We also do not expect any significant additions to the number of employees.
The foregoing represents our best estimate of our cash needs based on current planning and business conditions. In the event we
are not successful in reaching our initial revenue targets, additional funds may be required, and we may not be able to proceed
with our business plan for the development and marketing of our core services. Should this occur, we may be forced to suspend or
cease operations. 

We anticipate incurring operating losses in
the foreseeable future. Therefore, our auditors have raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

 Going Concern 

 The Company has working capital deficit, did
not generate cash from its operations, had stockholders  deficit, and had operating losses since inception. These circumstances,
among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. While the Company is attempting
to generate sufficient revenues, the Company s cash position may not be enough to support the Company s daily operations.
While the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to increase revenues and in its ability to raise additional funds,
there can be no assurances to that effect. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company s
ability to further implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenues. We may incur operating losses in the foreseeable
future. Therefore, our auditors have raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

 At June 30, 2016, we did not have any relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose
entities, established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes.
As such, we are not exposed to any financing, liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise had we engaged in such relationships. 

- 17 - 

        Table of Contents  

ITEM 8. Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data 

The full text of our audited consolidated financial
statements as of June 30, 2016 and 2015 begins on page F-1 of this annual report. 

   ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements
with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

 Not available. 

   ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 

 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Ronnie Adams, our Chief Financial Officer,
evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of our fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 pursuant
to Rules 13a-15(b) or 15d-15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). Disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) are controls and other procedures that are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and
procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by
us in the reports that we file under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, as appropriate, to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on their evaluation, Mr. Adams concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures were ineffective as of June 30, 2016 to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we
file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the
SEC s rules and forms. 

In order to rectify our ineffective disclosure
controls and procedures, we are developing a plan to ensure that all information will be recorded, processed, summarized and reported
accurately, and as of the date of this report, we have taken the following steps to address our ineffective disclosure controls
and procedures: 

We will continue to educate
our management personnel to comply with the disclosure requirements of the Exchange Act and Regulation S-K; and      

We will increase management
oversight of accounting and reporting functions in the future.    

- 18 - 

        Table of Contents  

It should be noted that any system of controls,
however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the system
are met. In addition, the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future
events. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control systems, there can be no assurance that any design will succeed
in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions 

 Management s Annual Report
on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. 

 Management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
Act. The Company s internal control system over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer/Chief Financial Officer, the Company conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control   Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. This evaluation included an assessment
of the design of the Company s internal control over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of
its internal control over financial reporting. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer/Chief Financial Officer concluded
as of June 30, 2016 that our internal controls over financial reporting were ineffective due to the material weakness identified. 

A material weakness in internal controls is
a deficiency in internal control, or combination of control deficiencies, that adversely affects the Company s ability to
initiate, authorize, record, process, or report external financial data reliably in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America such that there is more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the Company s
annual or interim financial statements that is more than inconsequential will not be prevented or detected. In the course of making
our assessment of the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting, we identified the following material weakness
in our internal control over financial reporting: 

The Company is lacking
qualified resources to perform the internal audit functions properly. In addition, the scope and effectiveness of the Company s
internal audit function are yet to be developed.    

The Company is relatively
inexperienced with certain complexities within US GAAP and SEC reporting.    

- 19 - 

        Table of Contents  

Remediation Initiative  

We are committed to establishing
the disclosure controls and procedures but due to limited qualified resources in the region, we were not able to hire sufficient
internal audit resources by June 30, 2016. However, internally we established a central management center to recruit more senior
qualified people in order to improve our internal control procedures. Externally, we are looking forward to engaging an accounting
firm to assist the Company in improving the Company s internal control system based on the COSO Framework. We also will increase
our efforts to hire the qualified resources.    

We intend to establish
an audit committee of the board of directors as soon as practicable. We envision that the audit committee will be primarily responsible
for reviewing the services performed by our independent auditors, evaluating our accounting policies and our system of internal
controls.    

Conclusion  

 The Company did not have sufficient and skilled
accounting personnel with an appropriate level of technical accounting knowledge and experience in the application of generally
accepted accounting principles accepted in the United States of America commensurate with the Company s disclosure controls
and procedures requirements, which resulted in a number of deficiencies in disclosure controls and procedures that were identified
as being significant. The Company s management believes that the number and nature of these significant deficiencies, when
aggregated, was determined to be a material weakness. 

Despite of the material weaknesses and deficiencies
reported above, the Company s management believes that its consolidated financial statements included in this report fairly
present in all material respects the Company s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods
presented and that this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report. 

This Annual Report does not include an attestation
report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the
SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 

   ITEM 9B. Other Information 

 None. 

- 20 - 

        Table of Contents  

Part III 

   ITEM 10. Directors, Executive
Officers and Corporate Governance 

 Directors and Executive Officers 

Our executive officers and directors and their
respective ages as of June 30, 2016 are as follows: 

Name  
       
      Age  
       
      Position   
 
      Ronnie Adams  
       
      67  
       
      Chief Executive Officer, President, and Chairman of the Board of Directors   
 
      Allen Polsky  
       
      71  
       
      Director   

Set forth below is a brief description of the
background and business experience of our executive officers and directors for the past five years. 

Ronnie Adams  

 Ronnie Adams serves as our CEO, President,
Chief Financial Officer, and Director. He has also served as President and Chief Financial Officer of a NASDAQ company that he
started from inception and grew to over $60 million. Mr. Adams was the recipient of the prestigious Entrepreneur of the Year Award
in 1996, sponsored by Dow Jones, NASDAQ, and Ernst   Young. 

Allen Polsky  

 Allen Polsky has 30 years of experience in
the security and life safety industry and currently serves as Medical Alarm Concepts  Vice President of Strategic Alliances.
Prior to joining MAC, he was a Senior Security consultant for JM resources, a structured wiring company. He was also a co-founder
of Connective Home Acquisition. 

- 21 - 

        Table of Contents  

Family Relationships  

Anthony Chetta is the Chief Technology Officer and the son in law of the Company s CEO
  President.  

  Section 16(a) Beneficial
Ownership Compliance  

 Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 requires our officers, directors and certain persons holding more than 10 percent of a registered class of our common stock
to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock. Officers, directors
and certain other shareholders are required by the SEC to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file.
To the best of the Company s knowledge, based solely upon a review of the copies of such reports. The Company s quarterly
report on Form 10-Q for quarterly period ended March 31, 2013 was filed with the SEC on May 29, 2014. The Company s annual
report on Form 10-K for fiscal year ended June 30, 2013 was filed with the SEC on July 17, 2014. The Company s quarterly
report on Form 10-Q for period ended September 30, 2013, December 31, 2013 and March 31, 2014 were filed with the SEC on September
12, September 25 and October 8, 2014, respectively, all other required filings were not made on a timely basis. 

Code of Ethics  

 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics (the  Code ) that is applicable to all employees, consultants and members of the Board of Directors, including
the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. This Code embodies our commitment to conduct business in accordance
with the highest ethical standards and applicable laws, rules and regulations. We will provide any person a copy of the Code, without
charge, upon written request to the Company s Secretary. Requests should be addressed in writing to Mr. Ronnie Adams at the
Company s mailing address. 

Director Nominees
Recommended by Stockholders  

 We have not implemented any changes to the
procedures by which stockholders may recommend nominees to our board of directors since we last disclosed those procedures in our
most recent proxy statement filed with the SEC. 

Board Composition;
Audit Committee and Financial Expert  

 Our Board of Directors is currently composed
of two members: Ronnie Adams and Allen Polsky. All board actions require the approval of a majority of the directors in attendance
at a meeting at which a quorum is present. 

- 22 - 

        Table of Contents  

We currently do not have an audit committee.
We intend, however, to establish an audit committee of the board of directors as soon as practical. We envision that the audit
committee will be primarily responsible for reviewing the services performed by our independent auditors, evaluating our accounting
policies and our system of internal controls. Currently such functions are performed by our Board of Directors. 

The Board has determined that none of the board
members qualifies as a  financial expert  as defined by SEC rules implementing Section 407 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
Neither Mr. Adams nor Mr. Polsky meet the definition of an  independent  director set forth in Rule 4200(a) (15) of
the Market Place Rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market, which is the independence standard that we have chosen to report under. 

Board meetings and committees; annual meeting
attendance. 

During fiscal year 2016, the Board of Directors
had one meeting in total. All members of the Board of Directors attended the meetings. All members of the Board of Directors are
required to attend the annual meetings of securities holders. On December 18, 2015, all members of the Board of Directors attended
the meeting of the Board of Directors. 

   ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 

 The following summary compensation table sets
forth all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the named executive officer during the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015
in all capacities for the accounts of our executive officers, including the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer
(CFO): 

 Summary Compensation Table 

 The following summary compensation table sets
forth all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the named executive officer during the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015
in all capacities for the accounts of our executive officers, including the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer
(CFO): 

Summary Compensation Table 

- 23 - 

        Table of Contents  

Option Grants 

There were no individual grants of stock options
to purchase our common stock made to the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table through June 30, 2016. 

 Aggregated Option Exercises
and Fiscal Year-End Option Value. 

 There were no stock options exercised during
period ending June 30, 2016 by the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table. 

 Long-Term Incentive Plan ( LTIP )
Awards. 

 There were no awards made to the named executive
officers in the last completed fiscal year under any LTIP. 

 Compensation of Directors 

 Directors are permitted to receive fixed fees
and other compensation for their services as directors. The Board of Directors has the authority to fix the compensation of directors. 

 Employment Agreements 

 We do not have any employment agreements in
place with our executive officers and directors. 

   ITEM 12. Security Ownership
of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

 The following table sets forth as of Oct 1
2016, certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock by (i) each of our executive officers, (ii)
each person who is known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of our outstanding common stock, and (iii) all of our directors
and executive officers as a group. Percentage ownership is calculated based on 44,874,177 shares of our common stock outstanding
as of Oct 10, 2016. None of the shares listed below are issuable pursuant to stock options or warrants of the Company. 

- 24 - 

        Table of Contents  

Change in Control 

 None. 

   ITEM 13. Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

 See Note 6,7,8,11 to consolidated financial statements. 

   ITEM 14. Principal Accountant
Fees and Services 

 Fees Paid to Independent Public Accountants for
2016 and 2015. 

 Audit Fees 

 For the Company s fiscal years ended June
30, 2016 and 2015, we were billed approximately $52,500 and $42,500, respectively, for professional services rendered for the audit
and review of our financial statements. 

- 25 - 

        Table of Contents  

Tax Fees 

For the Company s fiscal years ended June
30, 2016 and 2015, we were billed $1,000 and $900 for professional services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. 

 All Other Fees 

 None. 

 Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval
of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditors 

 Since we did not have a formal audit committee,
our board of directors served as our audit committee. We have not adopted pre-approval policies and procedures with respect to
our accountants in 2016. All of the services provided and fees charged by our independent registered accounting firms in 2016 were
approved by the board of directors. 

- 26 - 

        Table of Contents  

Part IV 

   ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial
Statement Schedules 

- 27 - 

        Table of Contents  

Signatures 

 Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: October 13, 2016 

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC. 

By:  /s/ Ronnie
Adams 

 Ronnie Adams 

 Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Executive
Officer, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

By:  /s/ Allen
Polsky 

 Allen Polsky 

 Director 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf of the registrant and
in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

By:  /s/ Ronnie
Adams 

 Ronnie Adams 

 Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Executive
Officer, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

By:  /s/ Allen
Polsky 

 Allen Polsky 

 Director 

- 28 - 

        Table of Contents  

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements  

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
      F-2   
 
      Consolidated Balance Sheets  
      F-3   
 
      Consolidated Statements of Operations  
      F-4   
 
      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
      F-5   
 
      Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Deficiency  
      F-6   
 
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
      F-7   

F- 1  

        Table of Contents  

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM  

To the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of Wearable Health Solutions, Inc. (f/k/a Medical Alarm Concepts, Inc.) 

 We have audited the accompanying balance
sheets of Wearable Health Solutions, Inc. (f/k/a Medical Alarm Concepts, Inc.) as of June 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related statements
of operations, stockholders  deficiency, and cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended June 30, 2016.
Wearable Health Solution s management is responsible for these financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included
consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company s internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

 In our opinion, the financial statements
referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Wearable Health Solutions, Inc. as of June
30, 2016 and 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended June
30, 2016, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in note 3 to the financial statements, the Company
has a working capital deficit of $771,145, did not generate cash from operations, has stockholders  deficit of $1,119,288
and had operating losses since inception.  Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

F- 2  

        Table of Contents  

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC.  

  (F/K/A MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDING,
INC.)  

  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

See accompanying notes to the consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 3  

        Table of Contents  

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC.  

  (F/K/A MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDING,
INC.)  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

See accompanying notes to the consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 4  

        Table of Contents  

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC.  

  (F/K/A MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDING,
INC.)  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

See accompanying notes to the consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 5  

        Table of Contents  

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC.  

  (F/K/A MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDING,
INC.)  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES
IN STOCKHOLDERS  DEFICIT  

See accompanying notes to the consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 6  

        Table of Contents  

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC.  

  (F/K/A MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDING, INC.)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

1.    NATURE OF OPERATIONS    

 On June 4, 2008 the Company
was incorporated as Medical Alarm Concepts Holding, Inc. under the laws of the
State of Nevada. The Company was formed for the sole purpose of acquiring all of the membership units of Medical Alarm
Concepts LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company ( Medical LLC ). On May 26, 2016, the Company filed an
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada to change its name from
 Medical Alarm Concepts, Inc.  to  Wearable Health Solutions Inc.  

The Company utilizes new technology in the
medical alarm industry to provide 24-hour personal response monitoring services and related products to subscribers with medical
or age-related conditions. 

2.    SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES    

  Basis of Presentation and Consolidation  

The Company s consolidated financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ). 

The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary. All significant inter-company transactions and balances among the
Company and its subsidiary are eliminated upon consolidation. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of the financial statements
in conformity with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ( GAAP ) requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of
the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ
from those estimates. These estimates and assumptions include the collectability of accounts receivable and deferred taxes and
related valuation allowances. Certain of our estimates, including evaluating the collectability of accounts receivable, could be
affected by external conditions, including those unique to our industry, and general economic conditions. It is possible that these
external factors could have an effect on our estimates that could cause actual results to differ from our estimates. We re-evaluate
all of our accounting estimates at least quarterly based on these conditions and record adjustments when necessary. 

F- 7  

        Table of Contents  

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC.  

  (F/K/A MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDING, INC.)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Cash  

The Company considers all highly liquid investments
with maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash and cash equivalents. 

Accounts receivable and allowance for doubtful
accounts receivable  

We have a policy of reserving for uncollectible
accounts based on our best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in our existing accounts receivable. We extend credit
to our customers based on an evaluation of their financial condition and other factors. We generally do not require collateral
or other security to support accounts receivable. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers and maintain an allowance
for potential bad debts if required. We determine whether an allowance for doubtful accounts is required by evaluating specific
accounts where information indicates the customers may have an inability to meet financial obligations. In these cases, we use
assumptions and judgment, based on the best available facts and circumstances, to record a specific allowance for those customers
against amounts due to reduce the receivable to the amount expected to be collected. These specific allowances are re-evaluated
and adjusted as additional information is received. The amounts calculated are analyzed to determine the total amount of the allowance.
We may also record a general allowance as necessary. Direct write-offs are taken in the period when we have exhausted our efforts
to collect overdue and unpaid receivables or otherwise evaluate other circumstances that indicate that we should abandon such efforts. 

Inventory  

The Company values inventory, consisting of
purchased products, at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined on the first-in and first-out ( FIFO ) method.
The Company regularly reviews its inventories on hand and, when necessary, records a provision for excess or obsolete inventories
based primarily on current selling price and spot market prices. The Company recorded inventory markdown of $10,260 and $2,856
for the year ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

F- 8  

        Table of Contents  

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC.  

  (F/K/A MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDING, INC.)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Software Development Costs   

The Company accounts for software development
cost in accordance with ASC 985-20 whereby cost of developing computer software to be sold, leased, or otherwise marketed includes
software that is part of a product or process to be sold to a customer shall be accounted for under ASC 985-20. All cost incurred
to establish technological feasibility of a computer software product to be sold, leased or otherwise marketed are research and
development cost. These cost are charged to expense when incurred. The technological feasibility of a computer software product
is established when the entity has completed all planning, designing, coding, and testing activities that are necessary to establish
that the product can be produced to meet its design specifications including functions, features, and technical performance requirements.
Cost of producing product masters incurred subsequent to establishing technological feasibility shall be capitalized. Those cost
include coding and testing performed subsequent to establishing technological feasibility. Capitalization of computer software
cost shall cease when the product is available for general release to customers. 

Once a project reaches the development stage,
the Company allocates a portion of salaries to be capitalized based on estimated hours spent developing the software. During the
year ended June 30, 2016, the Company capitalized $45,900 of such costs. These costs will be amortized over their useful life
of 3 years. Amortization expense on these costs for the year ended June 30, 2016 was $3,975. 

Convertible instruments and derivative financial
instruments  

The Company evaluates its convertible debt,
options, warrants or other contracts to determine if those contracts or embedded components of those contracts qualify as derivatives
to be separately accounted for in accordance with paragraph 810-10-05-4 of the FASB ASC and paragraph 815-40-25 of the FASB ASC.
The result of this accounting treatment is that the fair value of the embedded derivative is marked-to-market each balance sheet
date and recorded as a liability. In the event that the fair value is recorded as a liability, the change in fair value is recorded
in the Statement of Operations as other income or expense. Upon conversion, exercise or cancellation of a derivative instrument,
the instrument is marked to fair value at the conversion date and then the related fair value is reclassified to equity. 

In circumstances where the embedded conversion
option in a convertible instrument is required to be bifurcated and there are also other embedded derivative instruments in the
convertible instrument that are required to be bifurcated, the bifurcated derivative instruments are accounted for as a single,
compound derivative instrument. 

The classification of derivative instruments,
including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting
period. Equity instruments that are initially classified as equity that become subject to reclassification are reclassified to
liability at the fair value of the instrument on the reclassification date. Derivative instrument liabilities will be classified
in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement of the derivative instrument is expected
within 12 months of the balance sheet date. 

F- 9  

        Table of Contents  

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC.  

  (F/K/A MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDING, INC.)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

On January 1, 2009, the Company adopted Section
815-40-15 of the FASB ASC ( Section 815-40-15 ) to determine whether an instrument (or an embedded feature) is indexed
to the Company s own stock. Section 815-40-15 provides that an entity should use a two-step approach to evaluate whether
an equity-linked financial instrument (or embedded feature) is indexed to its own stock, including evaluating the instrument s
contingent exercise and settlement provisions. The adoption of Section 815-40-15 has affected the accounting for (i) certain freestanding
warrants that contain exercise price adjustment features and (ii) convertible bonds issued by foreign subsidiaries with a strike
price denominated in a foreign currency. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

The Company follows paragraph 825-10-50-10
of the FASB ASC for disclosures about fair value of its financial instruments and paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB ASC ( Paragraph
820-10-35-37 ) to measure the fair value of its financial instruments. Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a framework for
measuring fair value pursuant to GAAP and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. To increase consistency and comparability
in fair value measurements and related disclosures, Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes
the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three (3) broad levels. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest
priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable
inputs. The three (3) levels of fair value hierarchy defined by Paragraph 820-10-35-37 are described below: 

Level 1 Quoted market prices available in active
markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. 

 Level 2 Pricing inputs other than quoted prices
in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date. 

 Level 3 Pricing inputs that are generally observable
inputs and not corroborated by market data. 

The carrying amounts of the Company s
financial assets and liabilities, such as cash, accounts receivable, inventory, prepaid expenses, accounts payable, deferred revenues
and accrued liabilities, approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments. The Company s
convertible notes payable approximate the fair value of such instruments based upon management s best estimate of interest
rates that would be available to the Company for similar financial arrangements at June 30, 2016 and 2015. 

The derivative liability which consists of
embedded conversion feature and warrants issued in connection with our convertible debt, classified as a level 3 liability, are
the only financial liability measured at fair value on a recurring basis. (See Note 10) 

F- 10  

        Table of Contents  

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC.  

  (F/K/A MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDING, INC.)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Income Taxes  

The Company accounts for income taxes under
the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 740,  Income Tax,  which requires recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities
for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the consolidated financial statements or tax returns.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequence attributable to the difference between the tax
bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
measured using the enacted tax rate expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected
to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income
in the period that includes the enactment date. The Company establishes a valuation when it is more likely than not that the assets
will not be recovered. 

ASC Topic 740.10.30 clarifies the accounting
for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold
and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken
in a tax return. ASC Topic 740.10.40 provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in
interim periods, disclosure, and transition. We have no material uncertain tax positions for any of the reporting periods presented. 

Revenue Recognition  

The Company s revenues are derived principally
from utilizing new technology in the medical alarm industry to provide 24-hour personal response monitoring services and related
products to subscribers with medical or age-related conditions. The Company applies paragraph 605-10-S99-1 of the FASB ASC for
revenue recognition. The Company will recognize revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned. The Company considers revenue
realized or realizable and earned when it has persuasive evidence of an arrangement that the services have been rendered to the
customer, the sales price is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. 

All revenues from subscription arrangements
are recognized ratably over the term of such arrangements. The excess of amounts received over the income recognized is recorded
as deferred revenue on the consolidated balance sheet. 

Shipping and handling costs  

The Company accounts for shipping and handling
fees in accordance with paragraph 605-45-45-19 of the FASB ASC. While amounts charged to customers for shipping products are included
in revenues, the related costs are classified in cost of goods sold as incurred. 

F- 11  

        Table of Contents  

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC.  

  (F/K/A MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDING, INC.)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Research and Development 

The Company expenses all research and development
costs as incurred. For the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, the amounts charged to research and development expenses were $32,400
and $0, respectively. 

Stock-based compensation  

We recognize compensation expense for stock-based
compensation in accordance with ASC Topic 718. For employee stock-based awards, we calculate the fair value of the award on the
date of grant using the Black-Scholes method for stock options and the quoted price of our common stock for unrestricted shares;
the expense is recognized over the service period for awards expected to vest. For non-employee stock-based awards, we calculate
the fair value of the award on the date of grant in the same manner as employee awards. However, the awards are revalued at the
end of each reporting period and the pro rata compensation expense is adjusted accordingly until such time the nonemployee award
is fully vested, at which time the total compensation recognized to date equals the fair value of the stock-based award as calculated
on the measurement date, which is the date at which the award recipient s performance is complete. The estimation of stock-based
awards that will ultimately vest requires judgment, and to the extent actual results or updated estimates differ from original
estimates, such amounts are recorded as a cumulative adjustment in the period estimates are revised. We consider many factors when
estimating expected forfeitures, including types of awards, employee class, and historical experience. 

The Black-Scholes option valuation model is
used to estimate the fair value of the warrants or options granted. The model includes subjective input assumptions that can materially
affect the fair value estimates. The model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options or warrants. The
expected volatility is estimated based on the most recent historical period of time equal to the weighted average life of the warrants
or options granted. 

Net income per common share  

Net income per common share is computed pursuant
to section 260-10-45 of the FASB ASC. Basic net income per common share is computed by taking net income divided by the weighted
average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted net income per common share is computed by dividing net income
by the weighted average number of shares of common stock and potentially outstanding shares of common stock during the period to
reflect the potential dilution that could occur from common shares issuable through stock options, warrants, and convertible debt.
These potential shares of common stock were not included as they were anti-dilutive. 

F- 12  

        Table of Contents  

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC.  

  (F/K/A MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDING, INC.)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Commitments and contingencies  

The Company follows subtopic 450-20 of the
FASB ASC to report accounting for contingencies. Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims, assessments, litigation,
fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the
assessment can be reasonably estimated. 

Cash flows reporting  

The Company adopted paragraph 230-10-45-24
of the FASB ASC for cash flows reporting, classifies cash receipts and payments according to whether they stem from operating,
investing, or financing activities and provides definitions of each category, and uses the indirect or reconciliation method ( Indirect
method ) as defined by paragraph 230-10-45-25 of the FASB ASC to report net cash flow from operating activities by adjusting
net income to reconcile it to net cash flow from operating activities by removing the effects of (a) all deferrals of past operating
cash receipts and payments and all accruals of expected future operating cash receipts and payments and (b) all items that are
included in net income that do not affect operating cash receipts and payments. 

Subsequent events  

The Company follows the guidance in Section
855-10-50 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the disclosure of subsequent events. The Company evaluates subsequent
events through the date when the financial statements are issued. Pursuant to ASU 2010-09 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification,
the Company as an SEC filer considers its financial statements issued when they are widely distributed to users, such as through
filing them on EDGAR. 

F- 13  

        Table of Contents  

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC.  

  (F/K/A MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDING, INC.)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

Financial Instruments  

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01,
Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities
( ASU 2016-01 ), which updates certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial
instruments. ASU 2016-01 will be effective for the Company beginning in its first quarter of 2019. The Company does not believe
the adoption of ASU 2016-01 will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,
Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ( ASU 2016-13 ),
which modifies the measurement of expected credit losses of certain financial instruments. ASU 2016-13 will be effective for the
Company beginning in its first quarter of 2021 and early adoption is permitted. The Company does not believe the adoption of ASU
2016-13 will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

Revenue Recognition  

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,
Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) ( ASU 2014-09 ), which amends the existing accounting standards for
revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 is based on principles that govern the recognition of revenue at an amount an entity expects to
be entitled when products are transferred to customers. ASU 2014-09 will be effective for the Company beginning in its first quarter
of 2019 and early adoption is permitted. 

Subsequently, the FASB has issued the following
standards related to ASU 2014-09: ASU No. 2016-08, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations
( ASU 2016-08 ); ASU No. 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations
and Licensing ( ASU 2016-10 ); and ASU No. 2016-12, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope
Improvements and Practical Expedients ( ASU 2016-12 ). The Company must adopt ASU 2016-08, ASU 2016-10 and ASU 2016-12
with ASU 2014-09 (collectively, the  new revenue standards ). 

There were no other recent accounting pronouncements
that have had a material effect on the Company s financial position or results of operations. 

F- 14  

        Table of Contents  

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC.  

  (F/K/A MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDING, INC.)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

3.    GOING CONCERN    

These consolidated financial statements are
presented on the basis that we will continue as a going concern. The going concern concept contemplates the realization of assets
and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. 

The Company has working capital deficit of
$771,145, did not generate cash from its operations, had stockholders  deficit of $1,119,288 and had operating losses since
inception. These circumstances, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. 

While the Company is attempting
to generate sufficient revenues, the Company s cash position may not be enough to support the Company s
daily operations. Management intends to raise additional funds by way of a public or private offering but there is no
assurance that it will be successful. Management believes that the actions presently being taken to further implement its business plan
and generate sufficient revenues provide the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern. While the Company
believes in the viability of its strategy to increase revenues and in its ability to raise additional funds, there can be no
assurances to that effect. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company s
ability to further implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenues. 

The consolidated financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

4.    LOAN TO EMPLOYEE    

 On December 4, 2014, the Company loaned $30,000
to an employee of the Company. The note was due December 31, 2015 and was non-interest bearing. On June 1, 2016, the Company wrote
off the note receivable and recorded the amount due from the employee as compensation. 

F- 15  

        Table of Contents  

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC.  

  (F/K/A MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDING, INC.)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

5.    ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES    

The following table presents accrued
expenses and other current liabilities. Accrued expenses are expenses that have been incurred but not yet paid, mainly include
legal fees, audit fees and other professional fees as well as interests accrued in connection with credit line. Other current liabilities
include credit card balance, small amount of tax payable that were being outstanding as of balance sheet date. 

6.    PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT    

 The following table depicts the property and equipment
for the Company as of June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

7.    LOANS TO EMPLOYEES    

 In April 2016, the Company advanced six employees
$1,120 each for a total of $6,720. There were no loan agreements signed, therefore, the advances are non-interest bearing and due
on demand. One of these loans was lent to a related party. 

F- 16  

        Table of Contents  

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC.  

  (F/K/A MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDING, INC.)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

8.    CREDIT LINE   RELATED PARTY    

 On September 30, 2014, the Company entered
into a line of credit with Medi Pendant New York, Inc. ( MNY ), which is partially owned by the Company s CEO.
Under the line of credit agreement, the Company will be able to borrow up to $300,000 with the rate of interest of 6.5% per annum.
The maturity date of the credit line is September 30, 2017. The Company has the option to extend the maturity date for one year
to September 30, 2018. On January 31, 2015, the limit on the line of credit was increased to $500,000 with same interest rate and
due date. The Company recorded accrued interest on the credit line of $25,653 and $8,436 for the years ended June 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively. 

The company agreed to issue 200,000 shares
of common stock to one of the owners of MNY to exchange for the increase of line of credit. These shares were value at $28,000
which was the fair market value at the grant date and were issued on October 19, 2015. 

9.    NOTE PAYABLE   OTHER    

 On December 15, 2015, the Company entered into
a purchase agreement with Knight Capital Funding, an unrelated financing company, in the amount of $40,020 less an original discount
of $11,020 for net proceeds of $29,000. Under the terms of the agreement the Company sells, assigns, and transfers to Knight Capital
Funding all of its interests in each of its future receivables due to the Company from its customers and credit card processor,
until the loan is paid off. The Company and Knight Capital Funding have agreed that the payment of the purchase amount will be
repaid by the Company in 154 payments of $260 due each business day beginning on the first day after the loan was disbursed, until
the full amount due under the agreement is paid. The agreement is personally guaranteed by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.
The Company has recorded the amount of the total repayment as a financing debt, with the difference between the proceeds received
and the total repayment amount as a discount, which is being amortized as imputed interest (at an effective rate of 119%) over
the life of the agreement which is the date that the total repayments will be made assuming the Company is timely in all of its
payments. As of June 30, 2016, outstanding balance of note payable is $6,236. 

F- 17  

        Table of Contents  

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC.  

  (F/K/A MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDING, INC.)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

10.    CONVERTIBLE NOTES PAYABLE    

 On March 1, 2016 and March 3, 2016, the Company
closed the private placement and received an aggregate of $612,500 by issuing $660,000 and $13,750 unsecured convertible notes
( convertible notes ) and warrants to two investors, net of original issue discount of $61,250 per the subscription
agreements. The convertible notes bear no interest and are due one year from the date of issuance. The convertible notes are convertible
into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to $0.01 per share. Warrants were issued to purchase
6,804,172 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock at $0.09 per share. The conversion and warrant exercise prices are subject
to certain price adjustment terms. 

The Company is prohibited from effecting a
conversion of convertible notes and the Preferred C Shares to the extent that, as a result of such conversion, such Investor would
beneficially own more than 4.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance
of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of the Preferred C Shares, which beneficial ownership limitation may be increased by
the holder up to, but not exceeding, 9.99%. 

The Company has determined that the conversion
feature embedded in the notes constitutes a derivative and has been bifurcated from the note and recorded as a derivative liability,
with a corresponding discount recorded to the associated debt, on the accompanying balance sheet, and revalued to fair market value
at each reporting period. 

The following table summarizes the convertible
notes movement: 

F- 18  

        Table of Contents  

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC.  

  (F/K/A MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDING, INC.)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

11.    WARRANTS AND DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES    

 The Company has evaluated the application of
ASC 815 Derivatives and Hedging and ASC 815-40-25 to the warrants to purchase Series C Convertible Preferred Stock issued with
the Convertible Notes. Based on the guidance in ASC 815 and ASC 815-40-25, the Company concluded these instruments were required
to be accounted for as derivatives due to the down round protection feature on the conversion price and the exercise price. The
Company records the fair value of these derivatives on its balance sheet at fair value with changes in the values of these derivatives
reflected in the statements of operations as  Change in fair value of derivative instrument  These derivative instruments
are not designated as hedging instruments under ASC 815 and are disclosed on the balance sheet under Derivative Liabilities. 

The fair value of the warrants underlying the
convertible notes issued at the time of their issuance was calculated pursuant to the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The fair
value was recorded as a reduction to the convertible notes payable and was charged to operations as interest expense in accordance
with effective interest method within the period of the convertible notes. 

Significant assumptions used in calculating
fair value of warrants and conversion feature of convertible notes at issuance date are as follows. 

F- 19  

        Table of Contents  

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC.  

  (F/K/A MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDING, INC.)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Significant assumptions used in calculating fair
value of outstanding warrants at June 30, 2016 are as follows. 

The following table presents information about
the Company s liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of June 30, 2016 and indicates the fair
value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value. In general, fair values determined by
Level 1 inputs utilize quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical liabilities. Fair values determined by Level
2 inputs utilize data points that are observable such as quoted prices, interest rates and yield curves. Fair values determined
by Level 3 inputs are unobservable data points for the liability, and includes situations where there is little, if any, market
activity for the liability: 

F- 20  

        Table of Contents  

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC.  

  (F/K/A MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDING, INC.)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

12.    STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY    

 On October 19, 2015, the Company issued 400,000
shares to two consultants for services performed per consulting agreements and 200,000 shares to one of the owners of MNY for compensation
of increasing the line of credit to $500,000. These shares were valued at $120,000 and $28,000, respectively, based on the quoted
market price at the date of grant. 

On January 13, 2015, the Company issued 280,000
shares of common stock to an unrelated individual for $20,000 for professional services provided. 

On March 1, 2016 and March 3, 2016, pursuant
to two subscription agreements, the Company issued warrants to two investors to purchase 6,805,561 shares of Series C Convertible
Preferred Stock at $0.09 per share. On March 1, 2016, one investor paid $12,500 to exercise warrants and purchased 138,889 shares
of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock at $0.09 per share. 

On April 21, 2016, the Company closed the sale
of one unit (the  Unit ) for $400,000, pursuant to subscription agreements with an accredited investor entered into
on April 21, 2016 at a purchase price of $400,000 per Unit. The Unit consisted of (i) 400,000 shares of Series D Preferred Stock,
par value $0.0001 per share. Each of the Preferred D Shares are convertible into 100 shares of the Company s common stock,
par value $0.0001 per share and (ii) one warrant to purchase 40,000,000 shares of Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share, at
an exercise price of $0.01 per share. 

On June 14, 2016, Wearable Health Solutions,
Inc. closed the sale of one unit for $25,000 (the  Unit ), pursuant to a subscription agreement with an accredited
investor entered into on June 14, 2016 at a purchase price of $25,000 per Unit with a single accredited investor. The Unit consisted
of (i) 25,000 shares of Series D Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share which are convertible into 100 shares of Common Stock
per Preferred Share and (ii) one warrant to purchase 25,000 shares of Common Stock, $.0001 par value per share, at an exercise
price of $0.01 per share. 

F- 21  

        Table of Contents  

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC.  

  (F/K/A MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDING, INC.)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

13.    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS    

 Interest expenses for credit line were $25,653
and $8,436 for the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, zero amount was paid during the years ended June 30, 2016
and 2015. (See Note 6) 

On September 30, 2014, the Company entered
into a line of credit with Medi Pendant of New York, Inc. ( MNY ), which is partially owned by the Company s
CEO. Under the line of credit agreement, the Company will be able to borrow up to $300,000 with the rate of interest of 6.5% per
annum. The maturity date of the credit line is September 30, 2017. The Company has the option to extend the maturity date for one
year to September 30, 2018. 

On November 2, 2014, the holder of convertible
note informed the Company that it will no longer be seeking repayment of $25,908. Since the holder of convertible note was a related
party, the Company recorded the forgiveness of the debt and related derivative liability as additional paid-in capital. 

On January 31, 2015, the limit on the line
of credit was increased to $500,000 with same interest rate and due date. As of June 30, 2015, outstanding balance under the line
of credit was $388,000. The company also agreed to issue 200,000 shares of common stock to one of the owner of MNY to exchange
for the increase of line of credit. These shares were valued at the market value of $28,000 which was the fair market value at
the grant date and recorded as shares to be issued since those share were issued in the subsequent period. 

During the year ended June 30, 2015, the Company s
CEO advanced $20,740 to the Company. The amount is non-interest bearing and due on demand. During fiscal year ended 2016 the company
made partial payment to the Company s CEO, as of June 30, 2016, amount due to related party was $500. 

The Company s Chief Technology
Officer, who is also a related party, was compensated with a salary of $72,000 during 2016 and the granting of 100,000 shares
of common stock in October 2014. 

F- 22  

        Table of Contents  

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC.  

  (F/K/A MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDING, INC.)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

The reconciliation of income tax benefit at
the U.S. statutory rate of 34% for the twelve months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 to the Company s effective tax rate is
as follows: 

The benefit for income tax is summarized as follows: 

The tax effects of temporary differences that
give rise to the Company s net deferred tax liability as of June 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows: 

As of June 30, 2016, the Company had approximately
$ 11 million of federal and state net operating loss carryovers ( NOLs ) which begin to expire in 2028. Utilization
of the NOLs may be subject to limitation under the Internal Revenue Code Section 382 should there be a greater than 50% ownership
change as determined under regulations. 

F- 23  

        Table of Contents  

WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC.  

  (F/K/A MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDING, INC.)  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

In assessing the realization of deferred tax
assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized.
The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in
which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected
future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based on the assessment, management has established
a full valuation allowance against the entire deferred tax asset relating to NOLs for every period because it is more likely than
not that all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. 

The Company files U.S. federal and
states of Pennsylvania tax returns. These returns remain subject to examination by taxing authorities for all years after
June 30, 2013. 

15.    CONCENTRATION AND CREDIT RISK    

 Sales in 2016 to
one customer accounted for $250,829 or approximately 19% of total sales. This compares with the same concentration of sales of
19% of the Company s revenue for the year ended June 30, 2015. Accounts Receivable had a concentration of 94.4% and 0% for
the year ended 2016 and 2015 respectively. 

The Company had only two and one supplier during
the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

In May 2016, the Board of Directors approved
to issue total amount of 50,000,000 shares of common stocks to Ronnie Adams, President and CEO, and employees, directors and consultants
for future services to be rendered and in order to make sure that Company s officers and directors maintain a vested interest
in light of the potential exercise of certain convertible instruments that have been issued for financing purposes. 

Pursuant to this board resolution, on July
29, 2016 the Company issued 35.5 million shares of common stocks to related parties and consultants. The following table illustrates
the individuals to whom the shares have been issued to and the number of shares issued. 

F- 24  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 whsi-20160630_10kex31z1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), AS  

  ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Ronnie Adams, certify that: 

1.    I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Wearable Health Solutions, Inc. (f./k/a Medical Alarm
Concepts Holding, Inc.) for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016; 

2.    Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.    Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.    The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a.    Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b.    Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c.    Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d.    Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.    The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions): 

a.    All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b.    Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:    October 13,
2016 

By:  
      /s/ Ronnie Adams   

Ronnie Adams   

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer   
 
      (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 whsi-20160630_10kex32z1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

  (18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350)  

In connection with the Annual Report
of Wearable Health Solutions, Inc. f./k/a Medical Alarm
Concepts Holding, Inc. (the  Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2016, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), Ronnie Adams, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, do hereby certify, pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C.   1350), that: 

1.    The
Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.    The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date:     October
13, 2016 

By:  
      /s/ Ronnie Adams   

Ronnie Adams   

Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.LAB>
 4
 whsi-20160630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 5
 whsi-20160630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 whsi-20160630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 whsi-20160630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 whsi-20160630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 whsi-20160630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

