<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1289496_0001654954-16-003852_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2025458</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>71341</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>140651</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>573626</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>669476</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>519859</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>17</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001654954-16-003852.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114080131
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001654954-16-003852
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		41
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cord Blood America, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001289496
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MEDICAL LABORATORIES [8071]
		IRS NUMBER:				651078768
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50746
		FILM NUMBER:		161990666

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1857 HELM DRIVE
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89119
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(702) 914-7250

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1857 HELM DRIVE
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89119

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001654954-16-003852.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 cbai_10q.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

Blueprint 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

For the
quarterly period ended  September 30 ,  2016  

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE EXCHANGE
ACT 

for the
transition period from _________ to _________ 

CORD BLOOD AMERICA, INC. 

(Exact
Name of Small Business Registrant as Specified in its
Charter) 

(702) 914-7250 

(Registrant's
telephone number, including area code) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all documents
and reports required to be filed by Sections 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file
such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filings for the
past 90 days. Yes   No  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to
Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
submit and post such files).
Yes   No   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of
 accelerated filer and large accelerated filer  in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large
accelerated filer 

Accelerated
filer 

Non-accelerated
filer 

Smaller
reporting company filer 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.):
Yes   No   

Number
of shares of Cord Blood America, Inc. common stock, $0.0001 par
value, outstanding as of November 14, 2016,
1,272,066,146 exclusive of treasury shares. 

CORD BLOOD AMERICA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

INDEX TO FORM 10-Q 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION     

Item
1.  

Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)  

3 

Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and
December 31, 2015 

3 

Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Income (unaudited) for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30,
2015  

4 

Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Income (unaudited) for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30,
2015    

5 

Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30,
2015  

6 

Notes
to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(unaudited)  

7 

Item
2. 

Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations  

17 

Item
3. 

Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  

20 

Item
4T.  

Controls
and Procedures 

20 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION     

Item
1. 

Legal
Proceedings  

20 

Item
1A. 

Risk
Factors 

20 

Item
2.  

Unregistered
Sales Of Equity Securities And Use Of Proceeds  

20 

Item
3. 

Defaults
Upon Senior Securities  

21 

Item
4. 

Mine
Safety Disclosures  

21 

Item
5. 

Other
Information  

21 

Item
6. 

Exhibits 

21 

Signatures   

24 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

CORD BLOOD AMERICA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

See accompanying notes to
these unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements 

3 

CORD BLOOD AMERICA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
(UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND SEPTEMBER 30,
2015 

See
accompanying notes to these unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements 

4 

CORD BLOOD AMERICA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
(UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND SEPTEMBER 30,
2015 

See
accompanying notes to these unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements 

5 

CORD BLOOD AMERICA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(UNAUDITED) 

Non-cash investing
and financing activities 

Shares
issued for settlement of payable 

--    

3,750    

See
accompanying notes to these unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements 

6 

CORD BLOOD AMERICA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 

(UNAUDITED) 

Note 1.  Organization and Description of Business 

Overview 

Cord
Blood America, Inc. ("CBAI" or the  Company ), formerly
D A Lending, Inc., was incorporated in the State of Florida on
October 12, 1999. In October, 2009, CBAI re-located its
headquarters from Los Angeles, California to Las Vegas, Nevada.
CBAI's wholly-owned subsidiaries include Cord Partners, Inc.,
CorCell Companies, Inc., CorCell, Ltd., (Cord Partners, Inc.,
CorCell Companies, Inc. and CorCell, Ltd. are sometimes referred to
herein collectively as  Cord ), CBA Properties, Inc.
("Properties"), and Career Channel, Inc. formerly D/B/A Rainmakers
International.  CBAI and its subsidiaries engage in the
following business activities: 

CBAI
and Cord specialize in providing private cord blood and cord tissue
stem cell services.  Additionally, the Company is in the
business of procuring birth tissue for organizations utilizing the
tissue in the transplantation and/or research of therapeutic based
products. 

Properties
was formed to hold corporate trademarks and other intellectual
property. 

The
accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles for interim financial information and with
the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 8 of Regulation
S-X.  Accordingly, they do not include all of the
information and footnotes required by U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles for complete annual financial
statements.  These statements reflect all adjustments,
consisting of normal recurring adjustments, which, in the opinion
of management, are necessary for fair presentation of the
information contained therein.  Operating results for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily
indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending
December 31, 2016 or for any other future period.  The
condensed consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2015 has been
derived from the audited consolidated financial statements at that
date but does not include all of the information and footnotes
required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete
financial statements.  It is suggested that these interim
condensed consolidated financial statements be read in conjunction
with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company
for the period ended December 31, 2015 and notes thereto included
in the Company's annual report on Form 10-K.  The Company
follows the same accounting policies in the preparation of interim
reports as noted in the Company's annual report on Form
10-K. 

Note 2.  Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies 

Basis of Consolidation 

The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of CBAI and
its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant inter-company
balances and transactions have been eliminated upon
consolidation. 

Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during
the reporting periods. Actual results could differ materially from
those estimates. 

7 

Cash 

Cash
and cash equivalents include cash on hand, deposits in banks with
maturities of three months or less, and all highly liquid
investments which are unrestricted as to withdrawal or use, and
which have original maturities of three months or less at the time
of purchase. 

The
company maintains cash and cash equivalents at several financial
institutions. 

Accounts Receivable 

Accounts
receivable consist of the amounts due for facilitating the
processing and storage of umbilical cord blood and cord tissue, and
birth tissue procurement services.  Accounts
receivable relating to deferred revenues are netted against
deferred revenue for presentation purposes. The allowance for
doubtful accounts is estimated based upon historical experience.
The allowance is reviewed quarterly and adjusted for accounts
deemed uncollectible by management. Amounts are written off when
all collection efforts have failed. 

Property and Equipment 

Property
and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation.
Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over the
estimated useful lives of the assets. Routine maintenance and
repairs are charged to expense as incurred while major replacement
and improvements are capitalized as additions to the related
assets. Sales and disposals of assets are recorded by removing the
cost and accumulated depreciation from the related asset and
accumulated depreciation accounts with any gain or loss credited or
charged to income upon disposition. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

Long-lived
assets, other than goodwill, are reviewed for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of the assets might not be recoverable. Conditions that
would necessitate an impairment assessment include a significant
decline in the observable market value of an asset, a significant
change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used, or a
significant adverse change that would indicate that the carrying
amount of an asset or group of assets is not
recoverable.   For
long-lived assets to be held and used, the Company recognizes an
impairment loss only if its carrying amount is not recoverable
through its undiscounted cash flows and measures the impairment
loss based on the difference between the carrying amount and fair
value. The Company reviews goodwill for impairment at least
annually or whenever events or circumstances are more likely than
not to reduce the fair value of goodwill below its carrying
amount. 

Inventory 

Inventory,
comprised principally of finished goods, is stated at the lower of
cost or market using the first-in, first-out ( FIFO )
method. This policy requires the Company to make estimates
regarding the market value of its inventory, including an
assessment of excess or obsolete inventory. The Company determines
excess and obsolete inventory based on an estimate of the future
demand and estimated selling prices for its products. 

Notes Receivable 

Notes
receivable consists of the notes due from Biocordcell Argentina
S.A. (BioCells) and Banco Vida (Note 4). The loans receivable are
recorded at carrying-value on the financial
statements. 

For
note receivable from BioCells, since the Company agreed to finance
the sale of the shares in Biocordcell at no stated interest, in
accordance with ASC 500, the interest method was applied using a 6%
borrowing rate. The Company recorded an unamortized discount based
on the 6% borrowing rate and the discount is amortized throughout
the life of the note. 

Deferred Revenue 

Deferred revenue
consists of payments for enrollment in the program and processing
of umbilical cord blood and cord tissue by customers whose samples
have not yet been collected, as well as the pro-rata share of
annual storage fees for customers whose samples were stored during
the year. 

8 

Valuation of Derivative Instruments 

ASC
815-40 requires that embedded derivative instruments be bifurcated
and assessed, along with free-standing derivative instruments such
as warrants, on their issuance date and in accordance with ASC
815-40-15 to determine whether they should be considered a
derivative liability and measured at their fair value for
accounting purposes. In determining the appropriate fair value, the
Company uses the Binomial option pricing formula and present value
pricing. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company
adjusted its derivative liability to its fair value, and reflected
the change in fair value, in its condensed consolidated statements
of operations. 

Revenue Recognition 

CBAI
recognizes revenue under the provisions of ASC 605-25. CBAI
provides a combination of products and services to customers. This
combination arrangement is evaluated under ASC 605-25-25. ASC
605-25-25 addresses certain aspects of accounting for arrangements
under multiple revenue generating activities. 

Cord
recognizes revenue from both enrollment fees and processing fees
upon the completion of processing while revenue from storage fees
are recognized ratably over the contractual storage
period. 

Cost of Services 

Costs
are incurred as umbilical cord blood, cord tissue and birth
tissue are collected. These costs include the transportation
of the umbilical cord blood, cord tissue and birthing tissue from
the hospital, direct material, costs for processing and cryogenic
storage of new samples by a third party laboratory, collection kit
materials and allocated rent, utility and general administrative
expenses. The Company expenses costs in the period
incurred. 

Accounting for Stock Option Plan 

The
Company s share-based employee compensation plans are
described in Note 6. On January 1, 2006, the Company adopted
the provisions of ASC 718 ,  Accounting for Stock-based
Compensation (Revised 2004)  ( 123(R) ), which
requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense
for all share-based payment awards made to employees and directors,
including employee stock options. 

Earnings (Loss) Per Share 

Basic
earnings per share (EPS) is computed by dividing net income
available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of
common shares outstanding.  Diluted EPS is similar to
basic EPS except that the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding is increased to include the number of additional common
shares that would have been outstanding if the dilutive potential
common shares had been exercised.  The Company s
common equivalent shares are excluded from the computation of
diluted EPS if the effect is anti-dilutive. 

Concentration of Risk 

Credit
risk represents the accounting loss that would be recognized at the
reporting date if counterparties failed completely to perform as
contracted. Concentrations of credit risk (whether on or off
balance sheet) that arise from financial instruments exist for
groups of customers or counterparties when they have similar
economic characteristics that would cause their ability to meet
their contractual obligations to be similarly affected by changes
in economic or other conditions described below. 

Relationships
and agreements which could potentially expose the Company to
concentrations of credit risk consist of the use of one source for
the processing and storage of all umbilical cord blood and one
source for the development and maintenance of a website. The
Company believes that alternative sources are available for each of
these concentrations. 

Financial
instruments that subject the Company to credit risk could consist
of cash balances maintained in excess of federal depository
insurance limits. The Company maintains its cash and cash
equivalent balances with high credit quality financial
institutions. At times, cash and cash equivalent balances may be in
excess of Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limits. To date,
the Company has not experienced any such losses. 

9 

Fair Value Measurements 

Assets
and liabilities recorded at fair value in the consolidated balance
sheets are categorized based upon the level of judgment associated
with the inputs used to measure the fair value. Level inputs, as
defined by ASC 820-10, are as follows: 

Level 1
  quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or
liabilities. 

Level 2
  other significant observable inputs for the assets or
liabilities through corroboration with market data at the
measurement date. 

Level 3
  significant unobservable inputs that reflect
management s best estimate of what market participants would
use to price the assets or liabilities at the measurement
date. 

The
following table summarizes fair value measurements by level at
September 30, 2016 for assets and liabilities measured at fair
value on a recurring basis: 

Derivative
liability was valued under the Binomial model with the following
assumptions: 

The
following table summarizes fair value measurements by level at
December 31, 2015 for assets and liabilities measured at fair value
on a recurring basis: 

Derivative
liability was valued under the Binomial model, with the following
assumptions: 

For
certain of the Company s financial instruments, including
cash, accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other assets,
accounts payable and accrued expenses, and deferred revenues, the
carrying amounts approximate fair value due to their short
maturities. The carrying amounts of the Company s notes
receivable and notes payable approximates fair value based on the
prevailing interest rates. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

In May
2014, the FASB issued an accounting standard update on revenue
recognition that will be applied to all contracts with customers.
The update requires an entity to recognize revenue when it
transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that
reflects what it expects in exchange for the goods or services. It
also requires more detailed disclosures to enable users of
financial statements to understand the nature, amount, timing and
uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with
customers. The guidance will be required to be applied on a
retrospective basis, using one of two methodologies, and will be
effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, with
early application not being permitted. The Company is currently
assessing the impact that the guidance will have on the Company's
financial condition and results of operations. 

10 

In April 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standard update on
simplifying the presentation of debt issuance costs.  The
update requires that debt issuance costs related to a
recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a
direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability,
consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement
guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments
in this update.  Updates are effective for financial
statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2015, with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this guidance
is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s
condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Note 3. Notes and Loans Payable 

At
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 notes and loans payable
consist of: 

Tonaquint, Inc. 

On
August 30, 2013, Cord Blood America, Inc. (the
 Company ) filed a Complaint in the United States
District Court for the District of Utah, Central Division against
Tonaquint, Inc. ( Tonaquint ) and St. George
Investments, LLC ( St. George ) (collectively
 Defendants ), case number 2:13-cv-00806-PMW (the
 Action ), and on May 7, 2014, the Company filed an
amended complaint.    On September 25, 2013, Defendants
each filed their Answer and Counterclaim in the Action, which they
amended on March 22, 2014. 

On
December 17, 2014, in settlement of the Action, the parties entered
into a Settlement and Exchange Agreement (the "Settlement
Agreement"). Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, the Secured
Convertible Promissory Note and the Warrant to Purchase Shares of
Common Stock issued by the Company to St. George on or around March
10, 2011, as well as the SGI Purchase Agreement, and all other
documents that made up the March 2011 transaction between the
Company and St. George, all of which have been set forth in detail
in prior filings by the Company, were terminated, cancelled or
otherwise extinguished.  Further pursuant to the
Settlement Agreement, the Tonaquint Note was exchanged for a
Secured Convertible Promissory Note of the Company in the principal
amount of $2,500,000 (the "Company Note"), and certain of the other
documents that were part of the June 27, 2012 transaction between
the Company and Tonaquint (the  June 2012 Tonaquint
Transaction ) were terminated, cancelled or otherwise
extinguished, and certain of them were amended, as set forth
below. 

Under
the Company Note, the Company shall make monthly payments to
Tonaquint, with the first payment due on or before April
17, 2015, and with payments continuing thereafter until the
Company's Note is paid in full, with a maturity date that is 33
calendar months after the effective date of December 17, 2014. The
amount of the monthly payments is $100,000 (the  Installment
Amount );  provided,
however,  that if the remaining amount owing under the
Company Note as of the applicable Installment Date (defined in the
Company Note) is less than $100,000, then the Installment Amount
for such Installment Date shall be equal to the outstanding amount.
The Company may prepay any or all of the outstanding amount of the
Company Note at any time, without penalty. In the event the Company
prepays an amount that is less than the outstanding amount, then
the prepayment amount shall be applied to the next Installment
Amount(s) due under the Company Note. 

11 

For
each monthly payment, the Company may elect to designate all or any
portion of the Installment Amount then due as a conversion
eligible amount (hereafter  Conversion Eligible
Amount ); provided that the total outstanding Conversion
Eligible Amount that has not been converted by Tonaquint, as set
forth below, at any given time may not exceed one hundred thousand
dollars ($100,000) without Tonaquint s prior written consent
and subject to additional restrictions set forth in the Company
Note. In the event the Company designates any portion of any
monthly payment amount as a Conversion Eligible Amount, the
applicable monthly payment shall be reduced by an amount equal to
the portion thereof designated as a Conversion Eligible Amount. The
Conversion Eligible Amount shall continue to be included in and be
deemed to be a part of the Outstanding Balance (defined in the
Company Note) of the Company Note unless and until such amount is
either paid in cash by the Company or converted into Common Stock
by Tonaquint. The Company may pay the Conversion Eligible Amount in
cash, provided that no prepayments of cash shall reduce the
Conversion Eligible Amount until the Outstanding Balance is equal
to or less than the Conversion Eligible Amount. 

Once
the Company has designated amounts as Conversion Eligible Amount,
Tonaquint may convert all or any portion of that amount into
shares of the Company's Common Stock. In the event of a conversion
by Tonaquint of a Conversion Eligible Amount, the number of Common
Stock shares delivered to Tonaquint upon conversion will be
calculated by dividing the amount of the Company Note that is being
converted by 70% of the average of the three (3) lowest Closing Bid
Prices of the Common Stock (as defined in the Company Note) in the
twenty (20) Trading Days immediately preceding the applicable
Conversion. 

The
Company records debt discounts in connection with the issuance of
convertible debt and the initial valuation of the derivative
liability. The discounts are amortized to non-cash interest expense
over the life of the debt. 

The
Company Note has an interest rate of 7.5%, compounding daily, which
would increase to a rate of 15.0% on the happening of certain
Events of Default (defined in the Company Note) that are not
considered a Payment Default (defined in the Company Note),
provided that the Company may cure the default in accordance with
and subject to the terms set forth in the Company Note. Where a
Payment Default occurs, including where (i) Borrower shall fail to
pay any principal, interest, fees, charges, or any other amount
when due and payable under that Company Note; or (ii) Borrower
shall fail to deliver any Conversion Shares in accordance with the
terms of the Company Note, late fees shall accrue as set forth in
the Company Note, and in addition, the Company shall have ninety
(90) days from delivery of notice of default from Tonaquint to cure
the default, as set forth in more detail in the Company Note. If
the Company fails to cure the Payment Default, Tonaquint may
accelerate the Company Note by written notice to the Company, with
the Outstanding Balance becoming immediately due and payable in
cash at the Mandatory Default Amount (defined in the Company Note)
equal to (i) the Outstanding Balance as of the date of acceleration
(which Outstanding Balance, for the avoidance of doubt, will
include all Late Fees that accrue until any applicable Payment
Default is cured) multiplied by (ii) two hundred fifty percent
(250%), along with other remedies, as set forth in the Company
Note. 

As of December 31, 2015, the principal balance on the Tonaquint
note was $975,000, and there was $128,607 of accrued
interest.   As of
September 30, 2016, the principal balance on the Tonaquint note was
$700,000, and there was $190,593     of accrued
interest.  

Note 4:  Investment and Notes Receivable, Related
Parties 

At
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, notes receivable consist
of: 

12 

Under
the Agreement with the Purchaser of BioCells, BioCells is to make
payments as follows: $5,000 on or before October 12, 2014 (amount
paid in 2014); $10,000 on or before December 1, 2014 (amount paid
in 2015); $15,000 on or before March 1, 2015 (amount paid in 2015);
$15,000 on or before June 1, 2015 (amount paid in 2015); $45,000 on
or before June 1, 2016 (amount paid in 2016); $55,000 on or before
June 1, 2017; $55,000 on or before June 1, 2018; $55,000 on or
before June 1, 2019; $65,000 on or before June 1, 2020; $75,000 on
or before June 1, 2021; $75,000 on or before June 1, 2022; $75,000
on or before June 1, 2023; $80,000 on or before June 1, 2024;
$80,000 on or before June 1, 2025. As of September 30, 2016, the
Purchaser has paid all amounts due for the June 1, 2016 payment,
such that the Purchaser is current with payments due under the
Agreement. This loan receivable is secured, non-interest bearing,
and subject to a 6% discount rate. As of September 30, 2016, the
receivable has a balance of $440,345. 

As of March 15, 2016, Cord Blood Caribbean, Inc. d/b/a Banco
Vida paid the entirety of the remaining amount owed to the
Company pursuant to the Secured Promissory Note that was entered
into and effective as of August 1, 2014 such that there is no
remaining balance on that loan. 

Note 5.  Commitments and Contingencies 

VidaPlus 

On
January 24, 2011, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase
Agreement to acquire up to 51% of the capital stock in VidaPlus, an
umbilical cord processing and storage company headquartered in
Madrid, Spain. The Agreement is organized into three tranches; the
first executed at closing with an initial investment of
approximately $204,000 (150,000 Euro) for an amount equivalent to
7% as follows; 1% of share capital in initial equity or
approximately $30,000 and 6% or an estimated $174,000 as a loan
convertible into equity within 12 months of closing. The initial
investment was secured by a Pledge Agreement on 270 VidaPlus
samples that were incurring annual storage fees. The second tranche
provided the opportunity for an additional 28% in share capital
through monthly investments based on the number of samples
processed in that month (up to a maximum of 550,000 EUR). In
connection with Tranche 2, the Company loaned VidaPlus $246,525.
Converting the investment from a loan into equity was to take place
within 24 months of the date the amount of shares due to the
Company pursuant to the second tranche is calculated. According to
the Stock Purchase Agreement, the third tranche follows a similar
loan to equity agreement as tranche two but for an additional 16%
equity at the option of the Company (up to a maximum of 550,000
EUR). 

In
connection with the VidaPlus Stock Purchase Agreement entered into
on January 24, 2011, the Company was obligated to make monthly
loans to VidaPlus based on the number of new samples processed and
up to a maximum of 550,000 Euro for each of Tranche 2 and 3 of the
Agreement. Tranche 2 did contain provisions that provided the
Company an option to discontinue funding if certain performance
targets were not met. 

In
January 2012, the Company exercised its right to convert its
Tranche 1 loan into 6% of the outstanding shares of VidaPlus, and
as a result, the Company owned a total of 7% of the outstanding
shares. At the time of the equity conversion, the Company no longer
maintained its Pledge on the 270 VidaPlus samples associated with
Tranche 1; however, the Company maintained a liquidation preference
in VidaPlus over the money invested by the Company in VidaPlus.
Additionally, the Company declined to make any further investment
(loan or otherwise) to VidaPlus under either Tranche 2, Tranche 3
or otherwise. Pursuant to the Agreement, CBAI held a pledge over
the umbilical cord blood maintenance and storage contracts between
VidaPlus and certain of its customers, and all rights contained
therein, including but not limited to the rights to administer
those contracts and the rights to collect the revenues derived from
those contracts, for 328 samples. CBAI held that pledge until such
time as it converted the monies paid to VidaPlus under Tranche 2 of
the Stock Purchase Agreement into equity into VidaPlus, in
accordance with the formulas set forth in the Stock Purchase
Agreement. CBAI was required to make that conversion within two
years of when the calculation was made as to the amount of shares
to which CBAI is entitled pursuant to Tranche 2, which meant that
such conversion would take place around or before February 2014.
CBAI also holds a liquidation preference in VidaPlus for the money
the Company invested in VidaPlus. On February 14, 2014, CBAI
delivered to VidaPlus its election to convert its loan under
Tranche 2 into shares of stock in VidaPlus, including Anti-Dilution
shares.  The Company is entitled to an additional
ownership stake of approximately 2.24% in connection with the
forgoing, bringing its total ownership percentage to approximately
9.24%. 

13 

The
Company holds approximately 9.24% of the outstanding shares of
VidaPlus, and has a balance of convertible loans receivable
amounting to $246,525. During the year ended December 31, 2012, the
Company reviewed the recoverability of the equity investment and
loans receivable and the carrying amount exceeds the fair value of
the investment as a result of recurring and continued operating
losses at VidaPlus. Fair value of the loans receivable is
determined based on the discounted future net cash flows expected
to be generated by assets pledged against the loans. The Company
recorded an impairment of 100% of the book value of the equity
investment and convertible loan receivable. 

Patent License Agreement 

PharmaStem
Therapeutics claimed to hold certain patents relating to the
storage, expansion and use of hematopoietic stem cells. Previously,
PharmaStem commenced suit against numerous companies involved in
cord blood collection and preservation alleging infringement of its
patents. In October 2003, after a jury trial, judgment was entered
against certain of the Company s competitors and in favor of
PharmaStem in one of those suits. In February 2004, PharmaStem
commenced suit against Cord Partners and certain of its competitors
alleging infringement of its patents. Management of Cord Partners
determined to settle, rather than to litigate, this matter. As a
result, PharmaStem and Cord Partners entered into a Patent License
Agreement in March 2004. Pursuant to the Patent License Agreement,
Cord Partners could, on a non-exclusive basis, collect, process and
store cord blood utilizing PharmaStem s claimed technology
and processes allegedly covered by its patents for so long as the
patents may remain in effect. Most of the patents at issue expired
in 2010. PharmaStem could claim,  arguendo , Cord Partners is obligated
under the Patent License Agreement to pay royalties to PharmaStem
of 15% of all revenues generated by Cord Partners from the
collection and storage of cord blood on and after January 1, 2004.
Other than potential royalties, which would be disputed by Cord, no
amount is payable by Cord Partners to PharmaStem. All litigation
between the parties was dismissed and all prior claims were
released. As of 2008, Cord ceased paying all royalties to
PharmaStem. The patents have been declared void under a final
decision on appeal, and as such, there is no pending litigation in
this matter. As of December 31, 2014, the Company included
approximately $226,000 in accounts payable and $120,000 included in
accrued expenses to account for this liability since 2008, though
the Company disputes that it owes any royalties to Pharmastem.
 As of
September 30, 2015, the Company made a one-time adjustment of the
previously held amount of approximately $226,000 in accounts
payable and $120,000 in accrued expenses, to its income statement
as a gain on a settlement payable of $346,269.  

Employment Agreement 

On March 31, 2015, the Company entered into an Executive Employment
Agreement with Stephen Morgan, the Company s Vice President,
General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, which is effective as of
April 1, 2015 and shall terminate as of March 31, 2017, unless
earlier terminated by the Company or Mr. Morgan in accordance with
the agreement (the  Morgan Employment
Agreement ). 

The Morgan Employment Agreement provides for a base
salary     equal to $130,000, as well as an annual bonus
opportunity, payable at the discretion of the Board of Directors,
equal to 25% of Mr. Morgan s base salary for that
calendar year, provided that Mr. Morgan had the option to receive
any portion of his salary and bonus in stock of the Company, in
lieu of cash, at a value determined by the Board of Directors in
their reasonable discretion and otherwise in accordance with the
Employment Agreement.    

14 

Amended Employment Agreement 

Effective April 9, 2015, the Company entered into an Amendment to
Executive Employment Agreement with Stephen Morgan amending his
employment agreement, such that Mr. Morgan no longer has the
option, in his sole discretion, to receive his salary and bonus
amounts in the form of Company stock, rather than
cash. 

Effective February 12, 2016, the Company entered into a Second
Amendment to Executive Employment Agreement with Mr. Morgan (the
 Second Amendment ), amending his original, April 1,
2015 employment agreement. Concurrent with the Second Amendment,
Mr. Morgan commenced serving as Interim President of the
Company.  Mr. Morgan no longer serves as Vice President
of the Company, but remains in his positions as Corporate Secretary
and General Counsel.  The Second Amendment reflects a
five thousand dollar ($5,000) increase in Mr. Morgan s annual
salary during the period Mr. Morgan serves as Interim President,
which period commenced on February 12, 2016 and shall end at any
time on three (3) days  notice by the Company (the
 Interim Term ). The Amendment further provides that
the increase in Mr. Morgan s salary shall not be included in
any severance calculations, including the severance calculations
set forth in Sections 5(e) and 5(f) of his original agreement, and
that upon termination of the Interim Term for any reason, Mr.
Morgan s employment, duties and salary shall revert back to
what they were prior to the Second Amendment. 

Vicente Agreements 

On
December 18, 2014, the Company entered into an Executive Employment
Agreement with Joseph R. Vicente, the Company s former
President and Chairman of the Board, which was effective as of
January 1, 2015 and was to terminate as of December 31, 2017,
unless earlier terminated by the Company or Mr. Vicente in
accordance with the agreement (the  Vicente Employment
Agreement ). 

The
Vicente Employment Agreement provided for a base salary   equal to $135,000, as well as an
annual bonus opportunity, payable at the discretion of the Board of
Directors, equal to 30% of Mr. Vicente s base salary for
that calendar year. Mr. Vicente had the option to receive any
portion of his salary and bonus in stock of the Company, which was
amended effective April 9, 2015 pursuant to  an Amendment to
Executive Employment Agreement whereby Mr. Vicente no longer had
the option in his sole discretion to receive his salary and bonus
amounts in stock . The Vicente Employment Agreement includes
two-year restrictions on competition and solicitation of customers
following termination of the agreement. 

Effective February 12, 2016 (the  Separation Date ),
the Company entered a Mutual Separation Agreement with Mr. Vicente
(the  Separation Agreement ).  Pursuant to
the Separation Agreement, Mr. Vicente stepped down from his
positions as President and as a member of the
Board.  Under the Separation Agreement, Mr. Vicente is
entitled to receive a severance, payable in equal monthly
installments over the twenty four month period post separation, in
an amount equal to all compensation paid by the Company to Mr.
Vicente for the 24 months preceding the termination, including
salary and bonus received by Mr. Vicente.  Additionally,
the Company will pay for the value of his health insurance
premiums, in monthly installments, until the earlier of twenty-four
months after the Separation Date or until Mr. Vicente or his
dependents become eligible for group health insurance coverage
through a new employer.  Mr. Vicente is also entitled to
payment of his salary through the Separation Date, payment for
unused vacation days, payment for any unreimbursed expenses, and a
bonus payment for work performed in calendar year 2015, payable
within sixty (60) days of the Company completing its fiscal 2015
audit. 

Mr. Vicente remains subject to the restrictive covenants contained
in the Vicente Employment Agreement, including a covenant not to
compete and a non-solicitation provision, and is subject to
additional restrictive covenants in the Separation
Agreement. 

Operating Leases 

On
January 21, 2014, the Company entered a First Amendment to Lease,
which extended its lease at the property located at 1857 Helm
Drive, Las Vegas (the  Property ), Nevada through
September 30, 2019.  In connection with the amendment,
the Company received an abatement of the entire amount of its rent
for January 2014, except for CAM charges.  In addition,
as of October 1, 2014, the Company s monthly lease payments
reverted back to their rates as they existed in June 2009, other
than CAM charges, with annual adjustments thereafter as set
forth in the Amendment. Moreover, the Landlord had the option to
lease a portion of the premises then occupied by the Company to a
third party, and if this portion is leased to a third party, the
Company s monthly rent amount was to be
reduced  pro
rata  with the portion of the space leased to a third
party.  If the Landlord is unable to or elects not to
lease a portion of the premises to a third party by November 30,
2015 and by each subsequent anniversary thereof, the Company shall
receive an additional abatement of one month rent, excluding CAM
charges, in December 2015, December 2016 and December 2017,
respectively and as applicable. Effective May 15, 2016, the
Company entered a Second Amendment to Lease. The Second Amendment
to Lease sets forth that the square footage of the Property has
been reduced by 380 square feet, such that the Property now
consists of 16,523 square feet, confirms the abatements set forth
in the First Amendment to Lease, sets forth that the
Company s Common Area Maintenance Expenses and HOA costs
shall be calculated based on the reduced square footage amount, and
confirms that the Company s monthly rent amounts will remain
unchanged from the First Amendment to Lease. 

15 

Commitments
for future minimum rental payments, by year, and in the aggregate,
to be paid under such operating lease as of September 30, 2016, are
as follows: 

Note 6.  Share Based Compensation 

Stock Option Plan 

The
Company's Stock Option Plan permits the granting of stock options
to its employees, directors, consultants and independent
contractors for up to 8.0 million shares of its common stock. The
Company believes that such awards encourage employees to remain
employed by the Company and also to attract persons of exceptional
ability to become employees of the Company. On July 13, 2009, the
Company registered its 2009 Flexible Stock Plan, which increased
the total shares available to 4 million common shares. The plan
allows the Company to issue either stock options or common shares
from this Plan. 

On June
3, 2011, the Company registered its 2011 Flexible Stock Option
plan, and reserved 1,000,000 shares of the Company's common stock
for future issuance under the Plan. The Company canceled the
Company's 2010 Flexible Stock Plan, and returned 501,991 reserved
but unused common shares back to its treasury. 

Stock
options that vest at the end of a one-year period are amortized
over the vesting period using the straight-line method. For stock
options awarded using graded vesting, the expense is recorded at
the beginning of each year in which a percentage of the options
vests. The Company did not issue any stock options for the period
ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31,
2015. 

The
Company s stock option activity was as follows: 

16 

The
following table summarizes significant ranges of outstanding stock
options under the stock option plan at September 30,
2016: 

Note 7.  Stockholder s Equity 

Preferred Stock 

The
Company has 5,000,000 shares of $.0001 par value preferred stock
authorized. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the
Company had no shares of preferred stock outstanding. 

Common Stock 

The
Company has 2,890,000,000 shares of $.0001 par value common stock
authorized. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the
Company had 1,272,066,146 shares of common stock issued and
outstanding. 20,000 shares remain in the Company s
treasury. 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Forward Looking Statements 

In
addition to the historical information contained herein, the
Company makes statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that
are forward-looking statements. Sometimes these statements will
contain words such as "believes," "expects," "intends," "should,"
"will," "plans," and other similar words. Forward-looking
statements include, without limitation, assumptions about the
Company s future ability to increase income streams, reduce
and control costs, to grow revenue and earnings, and our ability to
obtain additional debt and/or equity capital on commercially
reasonable terms, none of which is certain. These statements are
only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors included in the Company's periodic
reports with the SEC. Although forward-looking statements, and any
assumptions upon which they are based, are made in good faith and
reflect our current judgment, actual results could differ
materially from those anticipated in such statements. Except as
required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the
United States, the Company does not intend to update any of the
forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual
results. 

The
following information should be read in conjunction with the
Company s September 30, 2016 unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere
in the quarterly report and with its consolidated financial
statements and notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2015
and the related "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations" contained in the
Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015, as well as its quarterly reports and reports
filed on Form 8-K for the relevant periods. The Company also urges
you to review and consider its disclosures describing various risks
that may affect its business, which are set forth under the heading
"Risk Factors Related to the Company Business" in its Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

17 

Summary
and Outlook of the Business 

CBAI
primarily facilitates umbilical cord blood and cord tissue stem
cell services, with a particular focus on the acquisition of
customers in need of family based products and
services.    

Cord 

Services Provided By Cord 

Cord s
operations facilitate umbilical cord blood banking and cord tissue
services to expectant parents. The Company s corporate
headquarters re-located to Las Vegas, NV from Los Angeles, CA in
October 2009. Cord earns revenue through a one-time enrollment and
processing fee, and through an annually recurring storage and
maintenance fee. Cord facilitates processing and storage of cord
blood and cord tissue for new customers through an engagement with
a third party laboratory. Cord provides or facilitates the
following services to each customer. 

Collection Materials.  A medical kit that contains all
of the materials and instructions necessary for collecting the
newborn s umbilical cord blood and cord tissue at birth and
packaging the unit for transportation. The kit also provides for
collecting a maternal blood sample for infectious disease
testing. 

Physician And Customer Support.  24-hour consulting
services to customers as well as to physicians and labor and
delivery personnel, providing instruction for the successful
collection, packaging, and transportation of the cord blood and
cord tissue and maternal blood samples. 

Transportation.  Manage all logistics for transporting
the cord blood and cord tissue unit to the Company s third
party facility immediately following birth. This procedure ensures
chain-of-custody control during transportation for maximum
security. 

Comprehensive Testing.  The cord blood sample is tested
by third parties engaged by Cord for stem cell concentration levels
and blood type. The maternal samples are tested for infectious
diseases. Cord reports results to the newborn s
mother. 

Cord Blood Storage.  After processing and testing, the
cord blood and cord tissue unit is cryogenically frozen in a
controlled manner and stored in liquid nitrogen for potential
future use. For new customers, this process is conducted at a third
party laboratory. 

Additionally,
the Company is procuring birth tissue for organizations utilizing
the tissue in the transplantation and/or research of therapeutic
based products.  The Company receives a one-time recovery
fee per tissue.  Associated services provided by the Company
with this offering may include arranging for transportation,
providing collection materials, facilitating information used to
determine donor eligibility and arranging for infectious disease
testing of the maternal blood. 

Results of Operations for the Three-Months Ended September 30,
2016 

For the
three months ended September 30, 2016, total revenue decreased to
approximately $0.77 million from $1.43 million, a 45.8% decrease
over the same period of 2015.     Revenues are generated
primarily from three sources: new enrollment/processing fees;
recurring storage fees (both from cord blood and cord tissue); and
services related to the procurement of birth tissue for
organizations utilized in the transplantation and/or research of
therapeutic products.     The decrease in revenue is due
primarily to a reduction in orders for services related to
procurement of birth tissue.    Recurring storage
revenues increased approximately 2.0% to $0.68 million for the
three month period ended September 30, 2016, versus $0.66 million
for the prior comparative year ended September 30, 2015. 
Revenues from the procurement of birth tissue decreased to $0.0
million for the three month period ended September 30, 2016 from
$0.51 million for the three month period ended September 30,
2015.  

Cost of
services as a percentage of revenue decreased to 22.3% for the
three month period ending September 30, 2016 compared to 38.2% the
same prior period of 2015.    The cost of services include
transportation of the umbilical cord blood and tissue from the
hospital to the lab, direct material, costs for processing and
cryogenic storage of new samples by a third party laboratory, and
allocated rent, utility and general administrative
expenses.   Gross profit
decreased by approximately $0.28 million or 31.9% to approximately
$0.60 million for the three month period ending September 30, 2016
from the comparable three month period of 2015. The decline in
gross profit is largely due to reduction in revenue as a result of
receiving no orders for birth tissue procurement services for the
three months ended September 30, 2016. 

18 

The
Company s income from operations and net income was $0.14
million versus income from operations and net gain of $0.23 million
for the three month comparative period of 2016 from
2015. 

Results of Operations for the Nine-Months Ended September 30,
2016 

For the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, total revenue decreased to
approximately $2.55 million from $4.12 million, a 38.0% decrease
over the same period of 2015.     Revenues are generated
primarily from three sources: new enrollment/processing fees;
recurring storage fees (both from cord blood and cord tissue); and
services related to the procurement of birth tissue for
organizations utilized in the transplantation and/or research of
therapeutic products.     The decrease in revenue is due
primarily to a reduction in orders for services related to
procurement of birth tissue.    Recurring storage
revenues increased approximately 2.8% to $2.03 million for the nine
month period ended September 30, 2016, versus $1.97 million for the
prior comparative year ended September 30, 2015.  Revenues
from the procurement of birth tissue decreased to $0.17 million for
the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 from $1.46 million
for the nine month period ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of
81.1%.  

Cost of
services as a percentage of revenue decreased to 28.0% for the nine
month period ending September 30, 2016 compared to 35.4% the same
prior period of 2015.    The
cost of services include transportation of the umbilical cord blood
and tissue from the hospital to the lab, direct material, costs for
processing and cryogenic storage of new samples by a third party
laboratory, and allocated rent, utility and general administrative
expenses.   Gross profit
decreased by approximately $0.82 million or 30.8% to approximately
$1.84 million for the nine month period ending September 30, 2016
from the comparable nine month period of 2015. The decline in
gross profit is largely due to the reduction in revenue from the
decrease in orders for birth tissue procurement services for the
nine-months ended September 30, 2016. 

The
Company s income from operations and net income was $0.10
million versus income from operations and net income of $0.42
million for the nine month comparative period of 2016 from
2015. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Total
assets at September 30, 2016 were $3.32 million, compared to $3.70
million at December 31, 2015.   Total liabilities at September
30, 2016 were $2.74 million   consisting primarily of
promissory notes and   deferred revenue of $0.60 million
and $1.56 million respectively. At December 31, 2015, total
liabilities were $3.23 million consisting primarily of promissory
notes and deferred revenue of $0.70 million and $1.60 million
respectively. 

At
September 30, 2016, the company had $1.12 million in cash, an
increase of $0.33 million from the December 31, 2015 cash balance
of $0.79 million. Cash flows from operations are currently
sufficient to fund operations as net cash provided by operating
activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, was $0.51
million, compared to net cash provided by operating activities of
$0.52 million for the prior comparative period of 2015.   During the nine month period of
2016 there was no increase in notes payable for purposes of working
capital. 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been
prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the
realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities in the
normal course of business. The Company has incurred losses since
its inception through December 31, 2014, as development and
infrastructure costs were incurred in advance of obtaining
customers. However, the Company has net income and cash flow from
operations for the year ended December 31, 2015. Starting in 2014,
the Company's management commenced a plan to reduce operating
expenses to be commensurate with operating cash flows. Prior to
2015, the Company has relied on debt to provide capital for working
capital needs. 

Management has taken several actions to ensure that the Company
will continue as a going concern, including the divesture of its
investment in its unconsolidated affiliates, including the sale of
its 51% ownership in Stellacure GmbH and 50.004% interest in
Biocordcell Argentina S.A., headcount reductions, and reductions in
discretionary expenditures. These changes effected by the Company's
management resulted in the Company generating cash flow from
operations in 2015, and the Company did not require additional debt
or equity capital from external sources. Further, the Company has
reduced its debt via the repayment of the principal balance.
Management plans to continue to implement its business plan and to
fund operations through operating revenue and a corresponding
increase in the amount of net income from its operations. The
Company expects that cash flow from operations over the next 12
months will be sufficient to meet its working capital needs.
Management's objective is to continue to monitor and manage
expenses relative to its revenue such that it will continue to
generate operating cash flows to meet its operating cash
requirements. Management believes that these actions will enable
the Company to continue as a going concern through September 30,
2017. 

19 

Inflation 

In the opinion of management, inflation has not and will not have a
material effect on the Company operations in the immediate future.
Management will continue to monitor inflation and evaluate the
possible future effects of inflation on the Company's business and
operations. 

ITEM 3.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM 4T.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

It is
management's responsibility to establish and maintain adequate
internal control over all financial reporting pursuant to Rule
13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange
Act"). The Company s management has reviewed and evaluated
the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures as of
September 30, 2016. Following this review and evaluation,
management collectively determined that its disclosure controls and
procedures are not effective to ensure that information required to
be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits
under the Exchange Act (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms,
and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to management, including
its president and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

The
deficiency in the Company s disclosure controls and
procedures is related to a lack of segregation of duties due to the
size of the accounting department and the lack of experienced
accountants due to the limited financial resources of the Company.
The Company continues to actively develop the controls and
resources necessary in order to be in position to remediate this
lack of segregation of duties. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no significant changes in the Company's internal controls over
financial reporting or in other factors that could significantly
affect these internal controls subsequent to the date of their most
recent evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

NONE 

ITEM 1A.RISK FACTORS. 

A description of the Company s risk factors can be found in
  Risk Factors  of its Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2015. There were no material changes to
those risk factors for the three months ended September 30,
2016. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF
PROCEEDS 

(a-b) Not
applicable. 

20 

(c)
Repurchase of Shares. The Company did not repurchase any of its
shares during the quarter ended September 30, 2016. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

NONE 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 

NONE 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

The
following documents are included as exhibits to this Form
10Q: 

EXHIBIT  

DESCRIPTION  

2.0 

Form of
Common Stock Share Certificate of Cord Blood America, Inc.
(1) 

3.1(i) 

Amended
and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Cord Blood America, Inc.
(1) 

3.1(ii) 

Articles
of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (5) 

3.1(iii) 

Articles
of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Cord Blood
America, Inc. (6) 

3.1(iv) 

Articles
of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Cord Blood
America, Inc. (12) 

3.1(v) 

Articles
of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Cord Blood
America, Inc. (12) 

3.1(vi) 

Articles
of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Cord Blood
America, Inc. (17) 

3.1
(vii) 

Articles
of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Cord Blood
America, Inc. (31) 

3.2(i) 

Amended
and Restated Bylaws of Cord Blood America, Inc. (1) 

3.2(ii) 

Second
Amended and Restated Bylaws of Cord Blood America, Inc.
(29) 

10.0 

Patent
License Agreement dated as of January 1, 2004 between PharmaStem
Therapeutics, Inc. and Cord Partners, Inc. (2) 

10.1 

Board
Compensation Plan (3) 

10.2 

Employment
Agreement between the Company and Joseph Vicente (22) 

10.3 

Lease
for Las Vegas Facility (9) 

10.4 

2011
Flexible Stock Option Plan (17) 

21 

10.12 

On
December 30, 2013, the Company engaged De Joya Griffith, LLC (the
 New Accountant ) to serve as the Registrant s
independent registered public accountants for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2013. (19) 

10.14 

On
September 29, 2014, the Company announced it had sold its ownership
interest in Biocordcell Argentina S.A. (BioCells) to a current
shareholder and President, Diego Rissola. (21) 

10.15 

On
December 17, 2014, the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement
with St. George Investments, LLC and Tonaquint (22) 

10.16 

On
April 9, 2015, the Company announced it had executed a Purchase
Agreement with Red Oak Partners, LLC and its affiliates for a
preferred equity investment. (24) 

10.17 

On
April 9, 2015, the Company entered into an Amendment to the
Executive Employment Agreement with Joseph R. Vicente and Stephen
Morgan. (25) 

10.18 

Effective
April 15, 2015, pursuant to the Preferred Stock Red Oak
Transaction, three (3) Directors were elected to the Board of the
Company, David Sandberg, Anthony Snow and Adrian Pertierra.
(26) 

10.19 

On
April 17, 2015, the Company established compensation for
non-management Directors. (27) 

10.20 

Effective
May 22, 2015, the Board of Directors unanimously approved and
adopted the Second Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company.
(29) 

10.21 

Reserved 

10.22 

On
August 6, 2015, the Company shareholders approved an amendment to
the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
(31) 

10.23 

The
Company s Audit Committee approved the change in the
Company s auditors to RBSM LLP.  The former
auditor, De Joya Griffith resigned. (32) 

10.24 

On
February 12, 2016, the Company and Stephen Morgan entered into a
Second Amendment to Executive Employment Agreement.
(33) 

10.25 

On
February 12, 2016, the Company and Joseph Vicente entered into a
Mutual Separation Agreement. (33) 

21 

List of
Subsidiaries (4) 

31.1  

Certification
of the registrant s Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 (Filed Herewith) 

32.1  

Certification
of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to
 Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

22 

(1)
Filed as an exhibit to Registration Statement on Form 10-SB filed
on May 6, 2004 

(2)
Filed as an exhibit to Amendment No. 1 to Form 10-SB filed on
August 23, 2004 

(3)
Filed as an exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February
8, 2006 

(4)
Filed as an exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 13,
2008 

(5)
Filed as an exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August
29, 2008 

(6)
Filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
March 31, 2009   

(7)
Reserved 

(8)
Filed as an exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January
7, 2010 

(9)
Filed as an exhibit to Current Report on Form 10-K filed on March
31, 2010 

(10)
Reserved 

(11)
Filed as an exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 7,
2010 

(12)
Filed as an exhibit to Current Report on Form 10Q filed on May 23,
2011 

(13)
Reserved 

(14) Reserved 

(15)
Filed as an exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 15,
2012 

(16) Reserved 

(17)
Filed as an exhibit to Current Report on Form 8K filed on September
27, 2012 

(18)
Filed as an exhibit to Current Report on Form 8K filed on May 20,
2013. 

(19)
Filed as an exhibit to Current Report on Form 8K filed on January
10, 2014 

(20)
Reserved 

(21)
Filed as an exhibit to Current Report on Form 8K filed on October
3, 2014 

(22)
Filed as an exhibit to Current Report on Form 8K filed on December
23, 2014 

(23)
Filed as an exhibit to Current Report on Form 10K filed on March
31, 2015 

(24)
Filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8K filed on April
14, 2015 

(25)  Filed
as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8K filed on April 14,
2015 

(26)
Filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8K filed on April
16, 2015 

(27)
Filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8K filed on April
22, 2015 

(28)
Filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8K filed on May
13, 2015 

(29)
Filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8K filed on May
29, 2015 

(30)
Reserved 

(31)
Filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8K filed on
August 10, 2015 

(32)
Filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8K filed on
August 13, 2015 

(33)
Filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8K file on
February 19, 2016 

23 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the
registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on this 14th day of
November, 2016. 

CORD
BLOOD AMERICA, INC.  

By: 

/s/Stephen
Morgan 

Interim
President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 

(Principal
Executive Officer, 

Principal Financial
and Accounting Officer) 

24 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 cbai_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLY ACT OF 2002

Blueprint 

Exhibit 31.1   

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Stephen Morgan, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Cord Blood
America, Inc. for the quarter ended September 30,
2016; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act   Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant
and have:  

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant 's disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report
based on such evaluation; and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant 's internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant 's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant 's fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant 's internal control over financial reporting;
and 

5. The
registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based
on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant 's auditors and the audit committee of
the registrant 's board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
controls over financial reporting. 

Date:
November 14, 2016     
 
  By:   

/s/  
 Stephen
Morgan 

Name:  
 
  Stephen
Morgan 

Title:  

Interim
President  
 Principal Financial
and Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 cbai_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 18 U.S.C. PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Blueprint 

Exhibit 32.1   

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Stephen Morgan, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Cord Blood
America, Inc. for the quarter ended September 30,
2016; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act   Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant
and have:  

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant 's disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report
based on such evaluation; and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant 's internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant 's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant 's fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant 's internal control over financial reporting;
and 

5. The
registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based
on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant 's auditors and the audit committee of
the registrant 's board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
controls over financial reporting. 

Date:
November 14, 2016     
 
  By:   

/s/  
 Stephen
Morgan 

Name:  
 
  Stephen
Morgan 

Title:  

Interim
President  
 Principal Financial
and Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 cbai-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 cbai-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 cbai-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 cbai-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 cbai-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 cbai-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

