<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161017_10-Q_edgar_data_836564_0001683168-16-000330_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1912222</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>83349</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>129561</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>401677</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>767007</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>465795</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>48</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-16-000330.hdr.sgml : 20161017
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161017160057
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-16-000330
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		40
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161017
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161017

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PATRIOT SCIENTIFIC CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000836564
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PATENT OWNERS & LESSORS [6794]
		IRS NUMBER:				841070278
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-22182
		FILM NUMBER:		161938899

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2038 CORTE DEL NOGAL, SUITE 141
		CITY:			CARLSBAD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92011-1478
		BUSINESS PHONE:		760-547-2700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2038 CORTE DEL NOGAL, SUITE 141
		CITY:			CARLSBAD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92011-1478

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PATRIOT FINANCIAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920521

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-16-000330.txt : 20161017

10-Q
 1
 patriot_10q-083116.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One) 

[_]  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934                                                                                                                                                                                                       

For the transition period
from ___________ to _______________  

Commission File Number 0-22182 

PATRIOT SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

Delaware 
         (State or other jurisdiction of 
         incorporation or organization)  
     
         84-1070278 
         (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code): (760) 795-8517 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES [X ] NO [_] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). YES [X] NO [_] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer [_]        Accelerated
filer [_]       Non-accelerated filer [_]        (do not check if smaller reporting company) 

 Smaller reporting company [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes [_] No [X] 

On October 12, 2016, 401,392,948 shares of
common stock, par value $0.00001 per share were outstanding. 

INDEX  

Page     
 
      PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. Financial Statements 

Condensed consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2016 (unaudited) and May 31, 2016  
     3  
 
     Condensed consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended August 31, 2016  
and August 31, 2015 (unaudited) 
     4  
 
     Condensed consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 
 August 31, 2015 (unaudited) 
     5  
 
     Notes to condensed consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
     6-17  
 
     ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
     18-25  
 
     ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
     25  
 
     ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures 
     25  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings 
     26  
 
     ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
     26  
 
     ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
     26  
 
     ITEM 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
     26  
 
     ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  
     26  
 
     ITEM 5. Other Information  
     26  
 
     ITEM 6. Exhibits  
     26-29  

SIGNATURES  

PART I- FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1. Financial Statements   

  Patriot Scientific Corporation  

  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements  

Patriot Scientific Corporation  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations  

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes
to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements  

Patriot Scientific Corporation  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash
Flows   

   (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes
to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  

Patriot Scientific Corporation  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements  

1. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies  

The unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements of Patriot Scientific Corporation (the  Company ,  PTSC ,  Patriot ,  we ,
 us  or  our ) presented herein have been prepared pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange
Commission ( SEC ) for quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and do not include all of the information and footnotes required
by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in our Report on Form
10-K for our fiscal year ended May 31, 2016. 

In the opinion of management, the interim condensed
consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments of a normal recurring nature necessary for a fair presentation of the
results for the interim period presented. Operating results for the three month period ended August 31, 2016 are not necessarily
indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending May 31, 2017. 

Basis of Consolidation  

The condensed consolidated balance sheets at
August 31, 2016 and May 31, 2016 and condensed consolidated statements of operations and condensed consolidated statements of cash
flows for the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 include our accounts and those of our inactive subsidiaries: Patriot
Data Solutions Group, Inc. ( PDSG ) which includes Crossflo Systems, Inc. ( Crossflo ), and Plasma Scientific
Corporation. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. 

Liquidity and Management s Plans  

Cash shortfalls currently experienced by Phoenix
Digital Solutions, LLC ( PDS ) will have an adverse effect on our liquidity. To date, we have determined that it is
in the best interests of the Moore Microprocessor Patent ( MMP ) licensing program that we provide our 50% share of
capital to provide for PDS expenses including legal retainers, and litigation related payments in the event license revenues received
by PDS are insufficient to meet these needs. We believe it is likely that contributions to PDS to fund working capital will continue
to be required. 

PDS had been incurring significant third-party
costs for expert testimony, depositions and other related litigation costs. We could be required to make capital contributions
to PDS for any future litigation related costs in the event that PDS does not receive sufficient licensing revenues to pay these
expenses. 

Our current liquid cash resources as of August
31, 2016, are expected to provide the funds necessary to support our operations through at least the next twelve months. The cash
flows from our interest in PDS represent our only significant source of cash generation.  In the event of a continued
decrease or interruption in MMP portfolio licensing we will incur a significant reduction to our cash position. It is highly unlikely
that we would be able to obtain any additional sources of financing to supplement our cash and cash equivalents and short-term
investment position of $2,693,897 at August 31, 2016. 

Patriot Scientific Corporation  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements  

Liquidity and Management s Plans (continued)  

On March 20, 2013, Technology Properties
Limited, Inc. ( TPL ) filed a petition under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. We have been
appointed to the creditors  committee and have been closely monitoring the progress in this matter as it relates to our
interest in PDS. A Joint Plan of Reorganization (the  Joint Plan ) between TPL and the creditor s committee
was confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court on February 11, 2015 with the entered confirmation order becoming final on April
2, 2015.  In the event we are required to provide funding to PDS that is not reciprocated by TPL, our ownership
percentage in PDS will increase and we will have a controlling financial interest in PDS, in which case, we will consolidate
PDS in our condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Investments in Marketable Securities  

We determine the appropriate classification
of our investments at the time of purchase and reevaluate such designation at each balance sheet date. Our investments in marketable
securities have been classified and accounted for as held-to-maturity based on management s investment intentions relating
to these securities. Held-to-maturity marketable securities are stated at amortized cost. Unrealized gains and losses, net of deferred
taxes, are recorded as a component of other comprehensive income (loss). We follow the authoritative guidance to assess whether
our investments with unrealized loss positions are other than temporarily impaired. Realized gains and losses and declines in fair
value judged to be other than temporary are determined based on the specific identification method and are reported in other income
(expense), net in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

Investment in Affiliated Company  

We have a 50% interest in PDS (see Note 3).
We account for our investment using the equity method of accounting since the investment provides us the ability to exercise significant
influence, but not control, over the investee. Significant influence is generally deemed to exist if we have an ownership interest
in the voting stock of the investee of between 20% and 50%, although other factors, such as representation on the investee s
Board of Directors, are considered in determining whether the equity method of accounting is appropriate. Under the equity method
of accounting, the investment, originally recorded at cost, is adjusted to recognize our share of net earnings or losses of the
investee and is recognized in the condensed consolidated statements of operations in the caption  Equity in earnings (loss)
of affiliated company  and also is adjusted by contributions to and distributions from PDS. 

PDS, as an unconsolidated equity investee,
recognizes revenue from technology license agreements at the time a contract is entered into, the license method is determined
(paid-in-advance or on-going royalty), performance obligations under the license agreement are satisfied, and the realization of
revenue is assured, which is generally upon the receipt of the license proceeds. PDS may at times enter into license agreements
whereby contingent revenues are recognized as one or more contractual milestones are met. 

We review our investment in PDS to determine
whether events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The primary factors we consider
in our determination are the financial condition, operating performance and near term prospects of PDS. If a decline in value
is deemed to be other than temporary, we would recognize an impairment loss. 

Earnings (Loss) Per Share  

Basic earnings per share includes no dilution
and is computed by dividing earnings available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding
for the period. Diluted earnings per share reflect the potential dilution of securities that could share in the earnings of an
entity. 

At August 31, 2016 and 2015 potential common
shares of 2,600,000 and 2,760,000, respectively, related to our outstanding options were not included in the calculation of diluted
loss per share as we recorded a loss. Had we reported net income for the three
months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, no shares of common stock would have been included in the calculation of diluted income
per share using the treasury stock method. 

Patriot Scientific Corporation  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements  

Earnings (Loss) Per Share (continued)  

In connection with our acquisition of Crossflo,
which is part of PDSG, we issued escrow shares that are contingent upon certain representations and warranties made by Crossflo
at the time of the merger agreement (see Note 6). We exclude these escrow shares from the basic loss per share calculations and
would have included the escrowed shares in the diluted income per share calculations if we reported net income. 

Income Taxes  

We follow authoritative guidance in accounting
for uncertainties in income taxes. This authoritative guidance prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement requirement for
the financial statement recognition of a tax position that has been taken or is expected to be taken on a tax return and also provides
guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. Under
this guidance we may only recognize tax positions that meet a  more likely than not  threshold. 

We follow authoritative guidance to evaluate
whether a valuation allowance should be established against our deferred tax assets based on the consideration of all available
evidence using a  more likely than not  standard. In making such judgments, significant weight is given to evidence
that can be objectively verified. We assess our deferred tax assets annually under more likely than not scenarios in which they
may be realized through future income. 

We have determined that it was more likely
than not that all of our deferred tax assets will not be realized in the future due to our continuing pre-tax and taxable losses.
As a result of this determination we have placed a full valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets. 

We follow authoritative guidance to adjust
our effective tax rate each quarter to be consistent with the estimated annual effective tax rate. We are also required to record
the tax impact of certain discrete items, unusual or infrequently occurring, including changes in judgment about valuation allowances
and effects of changes in tax laws or rates, in the interim period in which they occur. In addition, jurisdictions with a projected
loss for the year or a year-to-date loss where no tax benefit can be recognized are excluded from the estimated annual effective
tax rate. The impact of such an exclusion could result in a higher or lower effective tax rate during a particular quarter, based
upon the mix and timing of actual earnings or losses versus annual projections. 

Assessment of Contingent Liabilities  

We are involved in various legal matters, disputes,
and patent infringement claims which arise in the ordinary course of our business. We accrue for any estimated losses at the time
when we can make a reliable estimate of such loss and it is probable that it has been incurred. By their very nature, contingencies
are difficult to estimate. We continually evaluate information related to all contingencies to determine that the basis on which
we have recorded our estimated exposure is appropriate. 

Patriot Scientific Corporation  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements  

Intellectual Property Rights  

PDS, our investment in affiliated company,
relies on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures and licensing arrangements
to protect our intellectual property rights. We have seven U.S., nine European, and three Japanese patents all of which expired
between August 2009 and October 4, 2016. These patents, while expired, may have certain retrospective statutory benefits that will
fully diminish six years after the patent expiration dates. The patent useful life for purposes of negotiating licenses is finite
and these patents are subject to legal challenges, which in combination with the limited life, could adversely impact the stream
of revenues. A successful challenge to the ownership of the technology or the proprietary nature of the intellectual property would
materially damage business prospects. Any issued patent may be challenged and invalidated. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

In August 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial
Statements   Going Concern.  ASU 2014-15 provides guidance in generally accepted accounting principles about management s
responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and
to provide related footnote disclosures. ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016 and
for annual periods and interim periods thereafter (fiscal year 2017 for the Company). Early adoption is permitted. We have not
yet determined the potential effects of the adoption of ASU 2014-15 on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,
 Statement of Cash Flows   Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.  ASU 2016-15 provides guidance
intended to reduce diversity in practice in how certain transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows. The issue addressed
in ASU 2016-15 that will affect the Company is classifying distributions received from equity method investments. The guidance
provides an accounting policy election for classifying distributions received from equity method investments using either a cumulative
earnings approach or a nature of distributions approach. ASU 2016-15 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years (fiscal 2019 for the Company). Early adoption
is permitted. We have not yet determined the potential effects of the adoption of ASU 2016-15 on our condensed consolidated financial
statements. 

2. Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Marketable Securities

We consider all highly liquid investments acquired
with a maturity of three months or less from the purchase date to be cash equivalents. 

Restricted cash and cash equivalents at August
31, 2016 and May 31, 2016 consist of a savings account held as collateral for our corporate credit card account. 

At August 31, 2016 and May 31, 2016, our short-term
marketable securities in the amount of $1,706,218 and $1,955,493, respectively, consist of certificates of deposit with various
financial institutions, with maturity dates between three months and twelve months from the purchase date. 

At August 31, 2016 and May 31, 2016, our long-term
marketable securities in the amount of $501,196 and $500,409, respectively, consist of certificates of deposit with various financial
institutions, with maturity dates greater than twelve months from the purchase date. 

Patriot Scientific Corporation  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements  

Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash
and Marketable Securities (continued)  

We follow authoritative guidance to account
for our marketable securities as held-to-maturity. Under this authoritative guidance we are required to maximize the use of observable
inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. We determine fair value based on quoted prices when
available or through the use of alternative approaches, such as discounting the expected cash flows using market interest rates
commensurate with the credit quality and duration of the investment or valuations by third party professionals. The three levels
of inputs that we may use to measure fair value are: 

Level 1: Unadjusted quoted prices in active
markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities; 

Level 2: Quoted prices in markets that are
not active or inputs which are observable, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset or liability;
and 

Level 3: Prices or valuation techniques that
require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable (i.e. supported by little or no market
activity). 

The following tables detail the fair value
measurements within the fair value hierarchy of our cash, cash equivalents and investments in marketable securities: 

Patriot Scientific Corporation  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements  

Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash
and Marketable Securities (continued)  

We purchase certificates of deposit with varying
maturity dates. The following table summarizes the purchase date maturities, gross unrealized gains or losses and fair value of
the certificates of deposit as of August 31, 2016: 

We purchase certificates of deposit with varying
maturity dates. The following table summarizes the purchase date maturities, gross unrealized gains or losses and fair value of
the certificates of deposit as of May 31, 2016: 

Patriot Scientific Corporation  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements  

3. Investment in Affiliated Company  

On June 7, 2005, we entered into a Master Agreement
(the  Master Agreement ) with TPL, and Charles H. Moore ( Moore ), the co-inventor of the technology which
is the subject of the MMP Portfolio of microprocessor patents, pursuant to which the parties resolved all legal disputes between
them. Pursuant to the Master Agreement, we and TPL entered into the Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement of PDS (the  LLC
Agreement ) into which we and Moore contributed our rights to certain of our technologies. 

We and TPL each own 50% of the membership interests
of PDS, and each member has the right to appoint one member of the three member management committee. The two appointees are required
to select a mutually acceptable third member of the management committee. There had not been a third management committee member
since May 2010; however, as a result of our initiation of arbitration seeking the appointment of a third member, on December 16,
2014, an independent manager to the PDS management committee was selected by the arbitrator. Pursuant to the LLC Agreement, we
and TPL initially agreed to establish a working capital fund for PDS of $4,000,000, of which our contribution was $2,000,000. The
working capital fund was increased to a maximum of $8,000,000 as license revenues are achieved. We and TPL are obligated to fund
future working capital requirements at the discretion of the management committee of PDS in order to maintain working capital of
not more than $8,000,000. If the management committee determines that additional capital is required, neither we nor TPL are required
to contribute more than $2,000,000 in any fiscal year. No such contributions were made during the three months ended August 31,
2016 and 2015. Distributable cash and allocation of profits and losses have been allocated to the members in the priority defined
in the LLC Agreement. 

On July 11, 2012, we entered into the Program
Agreement with PDS, TPL, and Alliacense, and an Agreement (the  TPL Agreement ) with TPL. Pursuant to the Program Agreement,
PDS engaged Alliacense to negotiate MMP portfolio licenses and to pursue claims against violators of the MMP portfolio on behalf
of PDS, TPL, and the Company. The Program Agreement continued through the useful life of the MMP portfolio patents. Pursuant to
the TPL Agreement, we and TPL agreed to certain allocations of obligations in connection with the engagement of Alliacense. On
July 24, 2014, the Program Agreement was amended with PDS and Alliacense entering into the Amended Alliacense Services and Novation
Agreement (the  Novation Agreement ). Pursuant to the Novation Agreement certain performance goals and incentives were
established for Alliacense. The Novation Agreement also provided for the addition of a second licensing company, which was engaged
on October 10, 2014, to complement the MMP licensing commercialization. However, Alliacense fulfilled only a portion of its obligations
under the Novation Agreement associated with the deployment of the second licensing company and on May 11, 2015, Alliacense was
terminated by PDS. 

On August 10, 2016, PDS entered into an agreement
with Alliacense and MMP Licensing, LLC to settle matters relating to Alliacense s non-performance under terms of the Novation
Agreement. The August 10, 2016 agreement requires Alliacense to provide PDS s second licensing company with certain materials
and to cooperate with reasonable discovery requests relating to infringement litigation currently pending in the U.S. District
Court for the Northern District of California. MMP Licensing, LLC will provide commercialization services to PDS for the MMP portfolio
with respect to certain companies. PDS and Alliacense have agreed to cause the arbitration between the parties to be dismissed
with prejudice. The August 10, 2016 agreement will expire on October 4, 2022. Terms of the settlement agreement required PDS to
pay Alliacense $84,000 within 24 hours after delivery of materials to PDS s second licensing agent and to pay Alliacense
$84,000 out of subsequent recoveries. On August 11, 2016, PDS paid Alliacense $84,000. 

Patriot Scientific Corporation  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements  

Investment in Affiliated Company (continued)  

During January 2013, TPL and Moore settled
their litigation. Terms of the settlement include the payment by PDS to Moore of a consulting fee of $250,000 for four years or
until the completion of all outstanding MMP litigation whichever comes first. Per terms of the agreement PDS paid Moore $150,000
on the settlement date and paid Moore $16,667 per month from August 2013 through January 2014 and will pay $20,833 per month beginning
February 2014 through January 2017. During both of the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, PDS expensed $62,499 pursuant
to this commitment. These expenses are recorded in the accompanying PDS statements of operations presented below. 

Based on our analysis of current authoritative
accounting guidance with respect to our investment in PDS, we continue to account for our investment in PDS under the equity method
of accounting, and accordingly have recorded our share of PDS s net loss during the three months ended August 31, 2016 of
$55,395 as a decrease in our investment and we have recorded our share of PDS s net income during the three months ended
August 31, 2015 of $322,259 as an increase in our investment. We received distributions of $16,000 from PDS during the three months
ended August 31, 2015 and we have recorded these distributions as a decrease in our investment. 

We have recorded our share of PDS s net
income and loss for the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 as  Equity in earnings (loss) of affiliated company 
in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

During the three months ended August 31, 2016
and 2015, PDS entered into licensing agreements with third parties, pursuant to which PDS received aggregate proceeds of $0 and
$1,050,000, respectively. 

On March 20, 2013, TPL filed a petition under
Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. A Joint Plan of Reorganization (the  Joint Plan ) between TPL and
the creditor s committee was confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court on February 11, 2015 with the entered confirmation order
becoming final on April 2, 2015.  We have been appointed to the creditors  committee and have been closely monitoring
the progress in this matter as it relates to our interest in PDS. In the event we are required to provide funding to PDS that is
not reciprocated by TPL, our ownership percentage in PDS will increase and we will have a controlling financial interest in PDS,
in which case, we will consolidate PDS in our condensed consolidated financial statements. If we determine that it is appropriate
to consolidate PDS, we would measure the assets, liabilities and noncontrolling interests of PDS at their fair values at the date
that we have the controlling financial interest. 

PDS s balance sheets at August 31, 2016
and May 31, 2016 and statements of operations for the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 are as follows: 

Balance Sheets  

Assets: 

Patriot Scientific Corporation  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements  

Investment in Affiliated Company (continued)  

Liabilities and Members  Equity: 

Statements of Operations  

We review our investment in PDS to determine
whether events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The primary factors we consider
in our determination are the financial condition, operating performance and near term prospects of PDS. If a decline in value
is deemed to be other than temporary, we would recognize an impairment loss. 

4   .
Income Taxes  

We have determined that it was more likely
than not that all of our deferred tax assets will not be realized in the future due to our continuing pre-tax and taxable losses.
As a result of this determination we have placed a full valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets. There have been no
changes to our determination during the current fiscal year. 

5. Stockholders  Equity  

Share-based Compensation    

Summary of Assumptions and Activity   

The fair value of share-based awards to employees
and directors is calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, even though this model was developed to estimate the
fair value of freely tradable, fully transferable options without vesting restrictions, which differ significantly from our stock
options. 

Patriot Scientific Corporation  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements  

Stockholders  Equity (continued)  

The Black-Scholes model also requires
subjective assumptions, including future stock price volatility and expected time to exercise, which greatly affect the
calculated values. The expected term of options granted is derived from historical data on employee exercises and
post-vesting employment termination behavior. The risk-free rate selected to value any particular grant is based on the U.S.
Treasury rate that corresponds to the pricing term of the grant effective as of the date of the grant. The expected
volatility is based on the historical volatilities of our common stock. These factors could change in the future, affecting
the determination of share-based compensation expense in future periods. 

A summary of option
activity as of August 31, 2016 and changes during the three months then ended, is presented below: 

The aggregate intrinsic
value represents the differences in market price at the close of the quarter ($0.006 per share on August 31, 2016) and the exercise
price of outstanding, in-the-money options (those options with exercise prices below $0.006 per share) on August 31, 2016. 

6. Commitments and Contingencies   

Litigation    

Patent Litigation  

We, TPL, and PDS (collectively referred to
as  Plaintiffs ) are Plaintiffs in ongoing proceedings in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California
where the Plaintiffs allege infringement of the US 5,809,336 patent (the   336 patent ) by: Huawei Technologies
Co. Ltd., LG Electronics, Nintendo Co. Ltd., Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd., and ZTE Corporation. This litigation is proceeding in
front of District Court Judge Vince Chhabria. 

These ongoing proceedings relate to the proceedings
filed by the Plaintiffs in February 2008 in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California alleging infringement
of the US 5,440,749 patent (the   749 patent ), the US 5,530,890 patent (the   890 patent )
and the  336 patent against Amazon.com Inc., Barnes   Noble Inc., Garmin Ltd., Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd., Kyocera
Corporation, LG Electronics, Nintendo Co. Ltd., Novatel Wireless
Inc., Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd., Sierra Wireless Inc., and ZTE Corporation. We have settled with all defendants except those
named in the first paragraph to this footnote. 

Patriot Scientific Corporation  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements  

Commitments and Contingencies (continued)  

On September 18, 2015, a Markman hearing was
held before U.S. Magistrate Judge Grewal and, on September 22, 2015, he issued a claim construction report and recommendation.
On September 25, 2015, as a result of the claim construction report and recommendation, Plaintiffs and defendants, with the exception
of Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd., ( Huawei ) agreed to stay all proceedings pending resolution of Plaintiffs 
objections to the claim construction report and recommendation. Plaintiffs further stipulated that, under the claim construction
provided by the report and recommendation, defendants  products do not infringe the  336 patent, and, in the event
that the Court does not materially modify the claim construction, Plaintiffs and defendants ask that the Court enter a final judgment
of non-infringement. After Plaintiffs and Huawei filed opposing letter briefs with the Court, U.S. Magistrate Judge Grewal stayed
the action against Huawei pending resolution of Plaintiffs  objections to the claim construction. On October 6, 2015, Plaintiffs
filed objections to the claim construction with District Court Judge Chhabria. Judge Chhabria rejected those objections on November
9, 2015. Based on that order, the parties stipulated to a judgment of non-infringement as to the  336 patent and such judgment
was entered on November 13, 2015. 

On December 7, 2015, Plaintiffs filed notices
of appeal with the U.S. Federal Circuit appealing the district court s claim construction. Plaintiffs filed their opening
appellate brief on March 10, 2016. Defendants filed their response brief on May 23, 2016, with Plaintiffs filing their reply brief
on June 23, 2016. The appeal is pending. 

There was no material litigation or settlement
activity for the quarter ended August 31, 2016 and through the date of this filing. 

PDS Arbitration - Alliacense Performance

In June 2015, our representative to the PDS
management committee filed with the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services ( JAMS ) a demand for arbitration pursuant
to Alliacense s non-performance under terms of the Novation Agreement. The demand sought a declaration of the respective
rights and obligations of the parties under the Novation Agreement. 

On August 10, 2016, PDS entered into an agreement
with Alliacense and MMP Licensing, LLC to settle matters relating to Alliacense s non-performance under terms of the Novation
Agreement. The August 10, 2016 agreement requires Alliacense to provide PDS s second licensing company with certain materials
and to cooperate with reasonable discovery requests relating to infringement litigation currently pending in the U.S. District
Court for the Northern District of California. MMP Licensing, LLC will provide commercialization services to PDS for the MMP portfolio
with respect to certain companies. The August 10, 2016 agreement will expire on October 4, 2022. 

401(k) Plan    

We have a retirement plan that complies
with Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. All employees are eligible to participate in the plan. We match 100% of
elective deferrals subject to a maximum of 4% of the participant s eligible earnings. Our participants vest 33% per
year over a three year period in their matching contributions.
Our matching contributions during the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 were $5,414 and $5,201, respectively. 

Patriot Scientific Corporation  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements  

Commitments and Contingencies (continued)  

Guarantees and Indemnities    

We have made certain guarantees and indemnities,
under which we may be required to make payments to a guaranteed or indemnified party. We indemnify our directors, officers, employees
and agents to the maximum extent permitted under the laws of the State of Delaware. The duration of the guarantees and indemnities
varies, and in many cases is indefinite. These guarantees and indemnities do not provide for any limitation of the maximum potential
future payments we could be obligated to make. Historically, we have not been obligated to make any payments for these obligations
and no liabilities have been recorded for these guarantees and indemnities in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

Escrow Shares    

On August 31, 2009 we gave notice to the former
shareholders of Crossflo and Union Bank of California (the  Escrow Agent ) under Section 2.5 of the Agreement and Plan
of Merger between us and Crossflo (the  Agreement ), outlining damages incurred by us in conjunction with the acquisition
of Crossflo, and seeking the return of 2,844,630 shares of our common stock held by the Escrow Agent.  Subsequently, former
shareholders of Crossflo representing a majority of the escrowed shares responded in protest to our claim, delaying the release
of the escrowed shares until a formal resolution is reached.  In the event we fail to prevail in our claim against the escrowed
shares, we may be obligated to deposit into escrow approximately $256,000 of cash consideration due to the decline in our average
stock price over the one year escrow period, calculated in accordance with the Section 2.5 of the Agreement.  We have evaluated
the potential for loss regarding our claim and believe that it is probable that the resolution of this issue will not result in
a material obligation to the Company, although there is no assurance of this.  Accordingly, we have not recorded a liability
for this matter. 

7. Subsequent Events  

We have evaluated subsequent events after the
balance sheet date and based on our evaluation, management has determined that no subsequent events have occurred that would require
recognition in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements or disclosure in the notes thereto other than as disclosed
in the accompanying notes. 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  

THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION AND THE REST OF THIS
QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q INCLUDES FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS WITH RESPECT TO OUR FUTURE FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE. ACTUAL RESULTS
MAY DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THOSE CURRENTLY ANTICIPATED AND FROM HISTORICAL RESULTS DEPENDING UPON A VARIETY OF FACTORS, INCLUDING
THOSE DESCRIBED BELOW UNDER THE SUB-HEADING,  RISK FACTORS . SEE ALSO OUR ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED
MAY 31, 2016. 

Overview   

In June 2005, we entered into a series of agreements
with TPL and others to facilitate the pursuit of unlicensed users of our intellectual property. Over the years we, TPL and TPL s
affiliate, Alliacense, have entered into various agreements regarding licensing and litigation of the MMP portfolio. Pursuant to
a July 2014 Novation Agreement with Alliacense PDS engaged a second licensing agent for the MMP portfolio in October 2014 and on
May 11, 2015, PDS terminated Alliacense as licensing agent due to the inability of Alliacense to fulfill its obligations under
the Novation Agreement. In August 2016, PDS and Alliacense entered into an agreement which requires Alliacense to: cooperate with
reasonable discovery requests, provide support to litigation counsel, and deliver certain materials to PDS s second licensing
agent. Pursuant to the August 2016 agreement, MMP Licensing, LLC will provide MMP portfolio commercialization services to PDS for
certain companies. PDS is currently pursuing a litigation strategy, which includes an action in the U.S. District Court against
multiple companies alleged to be infringers of the MMP portfolio. We continue to believe that the significant investment in legal
effort and costs incurred to date at PDS is necessary for the protection of our interests in the MMP portfolio and its future success,
although to date it has generated mixed results. 

Management expects to continue to incur significant
legal expenses for the continued operation of PDS. PDS has been incurring significant third-party costs for expert testimony, depositions
and other related legal costs pursuant to litigation in U.S. District Court. We could be required to make capital contributions
to PDS for any future litigation related costs in the event that PDS does not receive sufficient licensing revenues to pay these
expenses. 

On March 20, 2013, TPL filed a petition under
Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. A Joint Plan of Reorganization (the  Joint Plan ) between TPL and
the creditor s committee was confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court on February 11, 2015 with the entered confirmation order
becoming final on April 2, 2015.  We have been appointed to the creditors  committee and have been closely monitoring
the progress in this matter as it relates to our interest in PDS. In the event we are required to provide funding to PDS that is
not reciprocated by TPL, our ownership percentage in PDS will increase and we will have a controlling financial interest in PDS,
in which case, we will consolidate PDS in our condensed consolidated financial statements. 

To the extent MMP portfolio license proceeds
are insufficient; we expect working capital contributions may need to be made to PDS in the future. Cash shortfalls currently experienced
by PDS will have an adverse effect on our liquidity. To date, we have determined that it is in the best interests of the MMP licensing
program that we contribute our 50% share of additional capital to PDS in the event license revenues received by PDS are insufficient. 

On October 12, 2016, PDS s cash balance
was $2,867,471. Management s plans for the continued operation of PDS rely on the ability of PDS to obtain license agreements
to cover its operational costs. PDS has experienced a decline in licensing revenues and has not obtained significant license revenues
since September 2013 and it is unclear when any additional licensing revenues may be generated. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   

Our condensed consolidated financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, which require us
to make estimates and judgments that significantly affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and
related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ from those estimates, and such differences
could affect the results of operations reported in future periods. We believe the following critical accounting policies affect
our most significant estimates and judgments used in the preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements. 

1.        Investments
in Marketable Securities  

We classify our investments in marketable securities
in certificates of deposit at the time of purchase as held-to-maturity and reevaluate such classifications at each balance sheet
date. Held-to-maturity investments consist of securities that we have the intent and ability to retain until maturity. These securities
are recorded at cost and adjusted for the amortization of premiums and discounts, which approximates fair value. Cash inflows and
outflows related to the sale and purchase of investments are classified as investing activities in our condensed consolidated statements
of cash flows. 

2.        Investment
in Affiliated Company  

We have a 50% interest in PDS. We account for
our investment using the equity method of accounting since the investment provides us the ability to exercise significant influence,
but not control, over the investee. Significant influence is generally deemed to exist if we have an ownership interest in the
voting stock of the investee of between 20% and 50%, although other factors, such as representation on the investee s Board
of Directors, are considered in determining whether the equity method of accounting is appropriate. Under the equity method of
accounting, the investment, originally recorded at cost, is adjusted to recognize our share of net earnings or losses of the investee
and is recognized in the condensed consolidated statements of operations in the caption  Equity in earnings (loss) of affiliated
company  and also is adjusted by contributions to and distributions from PDS. 

PDS, as an unconsolidated equity investee,
recognizes revenue from technology license agreements at the time a contract is entered into, the license method is determined
(paid-in-advance or on-going royalty), performance obligations under the license agreement are satisfied, and the realization of
revenue is assured, which is generally upon the receipt of the license proceeds. PDS may at times enter into license agreements
whereby contingent revenues are recognized as one or more contractual milestones are met. 

We review our investment in PDS to determine
whether events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The primary factors we consider
in our determination are the financial condition, operating performance and near term prospects of PDS. If a decline in value
is deemed to be other than temporary, we would recognize an impairment loss. 

3.       Income Taxes 

We follow authoritative guidance in accounting
for uncertainties in income taxes. This authoritative guidance prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement requirement for
the financial statement recognition of a tax position that has been taken or is expected to be taken on a tax return and also provides
guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. Under
this guidance we may only recognize tax positions that meet a  more likely than not  threshold. 

We follow authoritative guidance to evaluate
whether a valuation allowance should be established against our deferred tax assets based on the consideration of all available
evidence using a  more likely than not  standard. In making such judgments, significant weight is given to evidence
that can be objectively verified. We are assessing our deferred tax assets under more likely than not scenarios in which they may
be realized through future income. 

We have determined that it was more likely
than not that all of our deferred tax assets will not be realized in the future due to our continuing pre-tax and taxable losses.
As a result of this determination we have placed a full valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets. 

4.       Assessment of Contingent
Liabilities 

We are involved in various legal matters, disputes,
and patent infringement claims which arise in the ordinary course of our business. We accrue for any estimated losses at the time
when we can make a reliable estimate of such loss and it is probable that it has been incurred. By their very nature, contingencies
are difficult to estimate. We continually evaluate information related to all contingencies to determine that the basis on which
we have recorded our estimated exposure is appropriate. 

Results of Operations   

Comparison of the Three Months Ended August 31, 2016 and Three
Months Ended August 31, 2015.  

Selling, general and administrative expenses
decreased from approximately $398,000 for the three months ended August 31, 2015 to approximately $322,000 for the three months
ended August 31, 2016. The decrease consisted primarily of approximately $39,000 in legal fees due to little activity on the TPL
bankruptcy matter and PDS Northern District of California cases in the current quarter. 

Our other income and expense for the three
months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 included equity in the (loss) and earnings of PDS of approximately $(55,000) and $322,000,
respectively. Our investment in PDS is accounted for in accordance with the equity method of accounting for investments. The change
in the earnings of PDS is due to the decrease in licensing revenues during the three months ended August 31, 2016 as compared to
the prior period. 

Loss before income taxes increased from approximately
$(73,000) for the three months ended August 31, 2015 to approximately $(373,000) for the three months ended August 31, 2016 due
to the decrease in equity in earnings of PDS. 

Provision for income taxes 

During the three months ended August 31, 2016
and 2015, we recorded a provision for income taxes related to federal and California taxes of $2,400. 

Net loss 

Our net loss for the three months ended August
31, 2016 and 2015 was $(375,668) and $(75,231) respectively. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Liquidity  

Our cash and cash equivalents and short-term
investment balances decreased from approximately $3,115,000 as of May 31, 2016 to approximately $2,694,000 as of August 31 2016.
We also have a restricted cash balance amounting to approximately $21,000 as of May 31, 2016 and August 31, 2016. Total current
assets decreased from approximately $3,153,000 as of May 31, 2016 to approximately $2,839,000 as of August 31, 2016. Total current
liabilities amounted to approximately $74,000 and approximately $83,000 as of May 31, 2016 and August 31, 2016, respectively. The
change in our working capital position as of August 31, 2016 as compared with May 31, 2016 results primarily from the fact that
we did not receive sufficient distributions from PDS to cover our operating expenses and utilized cash on hand to pay such expenses. 

Cash shortfalls currently experienced by PDS
will have an adverse effect on our liquidity. To date we have determined that it is in the best interests of the MMP licensing
program that we provide our 50% share of capital to provide for PDS expenses including legal retainers and litigation related payments
in the event license revenues received by PDS are insufficient to meet these needs. We believe it is likely that contributions
to PDS to fund working capital will continue to be required. 

PDS had been incurring significant third-party
costs for expert testimony, depositions and other related litigation costs. We could be required to make capital contributions
to PDS for any future litigation related costs in the event that PDS does not receive sufficient licensing revenues to pay these
expenses. 

On March 20, 2013, TPL filed a petition under
Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. We have been appointed to the creditors  committee and have been closely
monitoring the progress in this matter as it relates to our interest in PDS. A Joint Plan of Reorganization (the  Joint Plan )
between TPL and the creditor s committee was confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court on February 11, 2015 with the entered
confirmation order becoming final on April 2, 2015. In the event we are required to provide funding to PDS that is not reciprocated
by TPL, our ownership percentage in PDS will increase and we will have a controlling financial interest in PDS, in which case,
we will consolidate PDS in our condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Cash Flows From Operating Activities   

Cash used in operating activities was approximately
$419,000 and $551,000 for the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The principal components of the current
period amount were net loss of approximately $376,000 and changes in prepaid expenses and other current assets of approximately
$110,000 offset by the equity in loss of affiliated company of approximately $55,000. The principal components of the prior period
are the prior period net loss, changes in prepaid expenses and other current assets and equity in earnings of affiliated company. 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities  

Cash provided by investing activities for the
three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 was approximately $247,000 and $16,000 respectively. Cash activities for the current
period were primarily attributable to sales and purchases of marketable securities. Cash activities for the prior period were attributable
to purchases and sales of marketable securities and distributions from PDS. 

Capital Resources  

Our current liquid cash resources as of August
31, 2016, are expected to provide the funds necessary to support our operations through at least the next twelve months. The cash
flows from our interest in PDS represent our only significant source of cash generation.  In the event of a continued
decrease or interruption in MMP portfolio licensing we will incur a significant reduction to our cash position. It is highly unlikely
that we would be able to obtain any additional sources of financing to supplement our cash and cash equivalents and short-term
investment position of $2,693,897 at August 31, 2016. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

In August 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements   Going
Concern.  ASU 2014-15 provides guidance in generally accepted accounting principles about management s responsibility
to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related
footnote disclosures. ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016 and for annual periods
and interim periods thereafter (fiscal year 2017 for the Company). Early adoption is permitted. We have not yet determined the
potential effects of the adoption of ASU 2014-15 on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,
 Statement of Cash Flows   Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.  ASU 2016-15 provides guidance
intended to reduce diversity in practice in how certain transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows. The issue addressed
in ASU 2016-15 that will affect the Company is classifying distributions received from equity method investments. The guidance
provides an accounting policy election for classifying distributions received from equity method investments using either a cumulative
earnings approach or a nature of distributions approach. ASU 2016-15 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years (fiscal 2019 for the Company). Early adoption
is permitted. We have not yet determined the potential effects of the adoption of ASU 2016-15 on our condensed consolidated financial
statements. 

Risk Factors   

We urge you to carefully consider the following
discussion of risks as well as other information regarding our common stock. We believe the following to be our most significant
risk factors as of the date this report is being filed. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face.
Please refer to our risk factors contained in our Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2016 for additional risk factors. 

We May Be Required To Fund Our Joint Venture s
Legal Costs.  

On March 20, 2013 TPL filed a petition under
Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. While TPL s bankruptcy and reorganization does not at present affect the
licensing agreement between PDS and its licensing companies, PDS has incurred significant legal costs in ongoing matters before
the U.S. District Court. If PDS does not receive sufficient licensing revenues to pay these expenses, we may be required to pay
these expenses. In the event the cost of legal actions exceeds our ability to fund these efforts, our options for additional sources
of financing may be limited. 

The Impact Of TPL s Bankruptcy And
Reorganization On PDS And The Future Success Of The Licensing Program Is Uncertain.  

While TPL s
bankruptcy and reorganization does not appear to affect the licensing agreement between PDS and its licensing companies, the consequences
should the reorganization under Chapter 11 be unsuccessful, which could include lawsuits from creditors or a motion to convert
the case to Chapter 7, would be uncertain and potentially adverse to PDS and the licensing program. For  example, if the
case is converted, a trustee may propose the sale of TPL s interest in PDS to be sold to an unknown third party if allowed
by applicable law and approved by the bankruptcy court. It is unclear how that may affect the operation of PDS or the licensing
program, but it may be adverse. 

We Have Reported Licensing Income In Prior
Fiscal Years Which May Not Be Indicative Of Our Future Income.   

We have entered into license agreements through
our joint venture with TPL and have reported income from the joint venture for the fiscal years 2006 to 2011, 2013 to 2014 and
2016. However, the joint venture has not generated significant licensing revenues since September 2013. Because of the uncertain
nature of the negotiations that lead to license revenues, pending litigation with companies which we allege have infringed on our
patent portfolio, the possibility of legislative action regarding patent rights, the possible effect of new judicial interpretations
of patent laws, and delays in obtaining information necessary for the successful deployment of licensing companies to represent
the MMP Portfolio, we may not receive revenues from such agreements in the future consistent with amounts received in the past,
and we may not receive future revenues from license agreements at all. 

We Are Dependent Upon A Joint Venture For
Substantially All Of Our Income.  

In June 2005, we entered into the PDS joint
venture with TPL, which as a result of agreements entered into in June 2005, July 2012 and July 2014, TPL and its licensing company
affiliate Alliacense had been responsible for the licensing and enforcement of our microprocessor patent portfolio. This joint
venture has been the source of substantially all of our income since June 2005. Therefore, in light of the absence of significant
revenue from other sources we should be regarded as highly dependent on the success or failure of licensing and settlements occurring
in conjunction with existing litigation efforts. 

We Have Been Involved In Multiple Disputes
With Our Joint Venture Partner.  

We have been involved in multiple disputes
with our joint venture partner TPL and its affiliate Alliacense. During times when there are only two appointed managers of the
joint venture, a deadlock can exist on important issues that may not be resolved quickly. In the event of a protracted deadlock,
the joint venture may not be able to take actions when appropriate or necessary. Previously we have had to initiate formal arbitration
proceedings seeking the appointment of an independent manager to the management committee of the joint venture. Although an independent
manager is currently in place, we have concluded that any future absences of an independent manager may have a negative impact
on the licensing program and PDS s business. 

Our Joint Venture Is At Risk For Going Concern
And An Inability To Meet Certain Obligations.  

PDS, our joint venture with TPL, which received
a going concern opinion since its May 31, 2011 financial statements, has experienced significant declines in revenues while at
the same time incurring significant legal costs associated with pending litigation with companies which we allege have infringed
on our patent portfolio. 

PDS s licensing revenues have declined
over recent years to a point where PDS s ability to make future payments is in substantial doubt unless licensing revenues
substantially increase in the near term. In the event that PDS does not have the funds to pay one or more of the aforementioned
costs, we and TPL must decide whether to contribute additional capital to PDS to fund such payments and due to TPL s bankruptcy
and reorganization, we may be required to pay these expenses without any contribution from TPL. 

Our Microprocessor Patents Have Expired.  

We have seven U.S., nine European, and three
Japanese patents that expired between August 2009 and October 4, 2016. While expired patents may have certain retrospective statutory
benefits, their value as assets for licensing and cash generation is significantly diminished. 

A Successful Challenge To Our Intellectual
Property Rights Could Have A Significant And Adverse Effect On Us.  

A successful challenge to our ownership of
our technology or the proprietary nature of our intellectual property could materially damage our business prospects. We rely on
a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures and licensing arrangements to protect
our intellectual property rights. Any issued patent may be challenged and invalidated. Any claims allowed from existing patents
may not be of sufficient scope or strength to provide significant protection. Our competitors may also be able to design around
our patents. 

Vigorous protection and pursuit of intellectual
property rights or positions characterize the fiercely competitive semiconductor industry, which has resulted in significant and
often protracted and expensive litigation. Therefore, our competitors and others may assert that our technologies infringe on their
patents or proprietary rights. Persons we believe are infringing our patents are likely to vigorously defend their actions and
assert that our patents are invalid. Problems with patents or other rights could result in significant costs, and limit future
license revenue. If infringement claims against us are deemed valid or if our infringement claims are successfully opposed, we
may not be able to obtain appropriate licenses on acceptable terms or at all. Litigation could be costly and time-consuming but
may be necessary to protect our future patent and/or technology license positions or to defend against infringement claims. From
time to time parties have petitioned the USPTO to re-examine certain of our patents. An adverse decision in litigation or in the
re-examination process could have a very significant and adverse effect on our business. 

We are party to a lawsuit regarding the MMP
portfolio and have had mixed results in our litigation efforts to date. See footnote 6 to our condensed consolidated financial
statements and Part II, Item 1.  Legal Proceedings  in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for more information. 

In the event that the lawsuit regarding the
MMP portfolio is not resolved in our favor, such outcome (or lack of an outcome) could weaken the MMP portfolio which would have
a negative effect on PDS's ability to procure future license revenues and, therefore, adversely affect PDS s and our cash
flows. 

We Are Dependent On A Single Law Firm To
Defend And Enforce Our Intellectual Property Rights.  

PDS has engaged a single law firm to defend
and enforce our intellectual property rights.  Any significant interruption in their services, or the loss of their services
for any reason, would have a material adverse effect on our ability to defend and prosecute such lawsuits and, therefore, have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and result of operations.  The law firm s services could
be disrupted for a variety of reasons, and any disruption would have a material adverse effect on our business.  Our inability
to engage the services of a new law firm in a timely manner could have a substantial negative effect on our business. 

A Change In Our Relationship With PDS Could
Change The Way We Account For Our Interest In The Future.  

Our investment in PDS is accounted for under
the equity method, we record as part of other income or expense our share of the increase or decrease in the equity of this company
in which we have invested. It is possible that, in the future, our relationships and/or our interests in or with this equity method
investee could change. Such potential future changes could result in consolidation of such entity which could result in changes
in our reported results. 

We May Issue Preferred Stock, And The Terms
Of Such Preferred Stock May Reduce The Value Of Our Common Stock.   

We are authorized to issue up to a total of
5,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series. Our Board of Directors may determine whether to issue shares of preferred
stock without further action by holders of our Common Stock. If we issue shares of preferred stock, it could affect the rights
or reduce the value of our Common Stock. In particular, specific rights granted to future holders of preferred stock could be used
to restrict our ability to merge with or sell our assets to a third party. These terms may include voting rights, preferences as
to dividends and liquidation, conversion and redemption rights, and sinking fund provisions. If we seek capital for our business,
such capital may be raised through the issuance of preferred stock. 

If A Large Number Of Our Shares Are Sold
All At Once Or In Blocks, The Market Price Of Our Shares Would Most   Likely Decline.  

Most of our shareholders are not restricted
in the price at which they can sell their shares. Shares sold at a price below the current market price at which our Common Stock
is trading may cause the market price of our Common Stock to decline. 

Our Delisting Could Adversely Affect The
Market Price And Liquidity Of Our Common Stock.   

On June 13, 2016, we received notice from the
OTC Markets Group that our 180 day grace period to cure our bid price deficiency had expired and that we would no longer be listed
on the OTCQB marketplace. 

Our common stock is now quoted on OTC Pink
Current Information, which is a more limited market than the OTCQB marketplace. The quotation of our shares on such marketplace
may result in a less liquid market available for existing and potential stockholders to trade shares of our common stock, could
depress the trading price of our common stock and could have a long-term adverse impact on our ability to raise capital in the
future. 

There can be no assurance that there will be
an active market for our shares of common stock either now or in the future or that stockholders will be able to liquidate their
investment or liquidate it at a price that reflects the value of the business. As a result, our stockholders may not find purchasers
for our securities should they to desire to sell them. 

The Market For Our Stock Is Subject To Rules
Relating To Low-Priced Stock ( Penny Stock ) Which May Limit Our Ability To Raise Capital.  

Our Common Stock is currently subject to the
 penny stock rules  adopted pursuant to Section 15(g) of the Exchange Act. In general, the penny stock rules apply
to non-NASDAQ or non-national stock exchange companies whose common stock trades at less than $5.00 per share or which have tangible
net worth of less than $5,000,000 ($2,000,000 if the company has been operating for three or more years). Such rules require, among
other things, that brokers who trade  penny stock  on behalf of persons other than  established customers 
complete certain documentation, make suitability inquiries of investors and provide investors with certain information concerning
trading in the security, including a risk disclosure document, quote information, broker s commission information and rights
and remedies available to investors in penny stocks. Many brokers have decided not to trade  penny stock  because of
the requirements of the penny stock rules, and as a result, the number of broker-dealers willing to act as market makers in such
securities is limited. The  penny stock rules,  therefore, may have an adverse impact on the market for our Common
Stock and may affect our ability to raise additional capital if we decide to do so. 

Our Share Price Could Decline As A Result
Of Short Sales.  

When an investor sells stock that he does not
own, it is known as a short sale. The seller, anticipating that the price of the stock will go down, intends to buy stock to cover
his sale at a later date. If the price of the stock goes down, the seller will profit to the extent of the difference between the
price at which he originally sold it less his later purchase price. Short sales enable the seller to profit in a down market. Short
sales could place significant downward pressure on the price of our Common Stock. Penny stocks which do not trade on an exchange,
such as our Common Stock, are particularly susceptible to short sales. 

Our Future Success Depends In Significant
Part Upon The Continued Services Of Our Key Senior Management.  

Our future success depends in significant part
upon the continued services of our senior management. The competition for highly qualified personnel is intense, and we may not
be able to retain our key employees or attract and retain additional highly qualified personnel in the future. None of our employees
are represented by a labor union, and we consider our relations with our employees to be good. None of our employees are covered
by key man life insurance policies. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk  

Not applicable.  

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the
Exchange Act, as of August 31, 2016, the end of the period to which this quarterly report relates, we have carried out an
evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. This evaluation was carried
out under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Interim Chief Executive Officer and our Chief
Financial Officer. 

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls
and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange
Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to management, including the Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated,
can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating
the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures.  Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and
procedures as of August 31, 2016, our management, with the participation of our Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

There were no significant changes to our internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during our most
recently completed fiscal quarter that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

PART II- OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1. Legal Proceedings   

Patent Litigation   

Our patent litigation with TPL and PDS in the
United States District Court for the Northern District of California against Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd., LG Electronics, Nintendo
Co. Ltd., Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd., and ZTE Corporation, as described in Item 3    Legal Proceedings  in
our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2016, is still ongoing. 

PDS Arbitration - Alliacense Performance

On August 10, 2016, PDS entered into an agreement
with Alliacense and MMP Licensing, LLC to settle matters relating to Alliacense s non-performance under terms of the Novation
Agreement. The August 10, 2016 agreement requires Alliacense to provide PDS s second licensing company with certain materials
and to cooperate with reasonable discovery requests relating to infringement litigation currently pending in the U.S. District
Court for the Northern District of California. MMP Licensing, LLC will provide commercialization services to PDS for the MMP portfolio
with respect to certain companies. The August 10, 2016 agreement will expire on October 4, 2022. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

Please see Part I, Item 2, above, for our risk factors. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

None.  

Item 5. Other Information  

None. 

Item 6. Exhibits  

Those exhibits marked with an asterisk (*)
refer to exhibits filed herewith. The other exhibits are incorporated herein by reference, as indicated in the following list. 

Those exhibits marked with a cross ( )
refer to management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

DATED:  October 17, 2016  
     
         PATRIOT SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION 
           
          /S/ CLIFFORD L. FLOWERS  
           
         Clifford L. Flowers 
         Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
         (Duly Authorized and Principal Financial Officer) 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 patriot_10q-ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
Rule 13a 14(a)/15d 14(a) Certification 

I, Clifford L. Flowers, Interim Chief Executive
Officer of the registrant, certify that: 

1.       I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 31, 2016 of Patriot Scientific Corporation; 

2.       Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.       Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.       I
am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

(a)       Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)       Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)       Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)       Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.       I
have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and
the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)       All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)       Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 17, 2016 

/s/ Clifford L. Flowers  

Clifford L. Flowers 
         Interim Chief Executive Officer  
          Principal Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 patriot_10q-ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
Rule 13a 14(a)/15d 14(a) Certification 

I, Clifford L. Flowers, Chief Financial Officer
of the registrant, certify that: 

1.       I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 31, 2016 of Patriot Scientific Corporation; 

2.       Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.       Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.       I
am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

(a)       Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)       Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)       Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)       Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.       I
have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and
the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)       All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)       Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 17 ,  2016 

/s/ Clifford L. Flowers  

Clifford L. Flowers 
         Chief Financial Officer  
          Principal Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 patriot_10q-ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION FURNISHED PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the quarterly report of
Patriot Scientific Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended August 31, 2016, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission and to which this Certification is an exhibit (the  Report ), the undersigned
officer of the Company does hereby certify, pursuant to Rule 13a 14(b) or Rule 15d 14(b) of the Securities and Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 

(1)       The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2)       The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: October 17, 2016 

/s/ Clifford L. Flowers  
          
         Clifford L. Flowers 
          Interim Chief Executive Officer  
          and Chief Financial Officer  
          Principal Executive Officer and  
          Principal Financial Officer   

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to Patriot Scientific Corporation and will be retained by Patriot Scientific Corporation
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

This Certification is being furnished pursuant
to Rule 15(d) and shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.
78r), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. This Certification shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference
into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it
by reference.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 ptsc-20160831.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ptsc-20160831.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ptsc-20160831_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ptsc-20160831_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ptsc-20160831_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ptsc-20160831_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

