<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1584770_0001571049-16-019745_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6088173</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>95301</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>268524</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1627511</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2762276</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1161768</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>89</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001571049-16-019745.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110163146
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001571049-16-019745
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Edgewater Bancorp, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001584770
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55129
		FILM NUMBER:		161988503

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		321 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			ST. JOSEPH
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			49085
		BUSINESS PHONE:		269-982-4175

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		321 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			ST. JOSEPH
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			49085

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001571049-16-019745.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 t1602660_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended
September 30, 2016 

OR  

For the transition period from
_______________ to _______________ 

Commission File No. 000-55129  

Edgewater Bancorp, Inc.   

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Maryland    
       
        46-3687434     
 
       (State
        or other jurisdiction of  
          in
        Company or organization)   
         
       (I.R.S.
        Employer  
          Identification
        Number)    

321 Main Street, St. Joseph, Michigan    
       
        49085     
 
      (Address of Principal Executive Offices)  
         
      Zip Code   

(269) 982-4175   

  (Registrant s
telephone number)  

N/A   

  (Former name
or former address, if changed since last report)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
requirements for the past 90 days. 

 YES  x      NO

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). 

 YES  x      NO

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (Check one) 

Large accelerated filer      
       
      Accelerated filer       
 
      Non-accelerated filer      
       
      Smaller reporting company  x    
 
      (Do not check if smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 YES         NO
 x  

As of November 8, 2016, there were issued and outstanding 667,898
shares of the Registrant s Common Stock with a par value of $0.01 per share. 

Edgewater Bancorp, Inc.   

  Form 10-Q  

Index  

Page    
 
        Part I. Financial Information     

Item 1.   
       
       Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September  30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   
       
     3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the Three Months Ended and Nine Months Ended September  30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
       
      4   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive  Income for the Three Months Ended and Nine Months Ended September  30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
       
      5   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited)   

6   

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
       
      7   

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
      8   

Item 2.   
       
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
       
      31   

Item 3.   
       
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
       
      44   

Item 4.   
       
       Controls and Procedures   
       
      44   

Part II. Other Information     

Item 1.   
       
       Legal Proceedings   
       
      44   

Item 1A.   
       
       Risk Factors   
       
      44   

Item 2.   
       
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
       
      44   

Item 3.   
       
       Defaults upon Senior Securities   
       
      45   

Item 4.   
       
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
       
      45   

Item 5.   
       
       Other Information   
       
      45   

Item 6.   
       
       Exhibits   
       
      45   

Signature Page   
       
      46   

Table of Contents   

Part I.   Financial Information 

Financial Statements 

Edgewater Bancorp, Inc. 

 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statements. 

Table of Contents   

Edgewater Bancorp, Inc. 

 Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Income 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statements. 

Table of Contents   

Edgewater Bancorp, Inc. 

 Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Comprehensive Income 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statements. 

Table of Contents   

Edgewater Bancorp, Inc. 

 Condensed Consolidated Statement of
Changes in Stockholders  Equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  

Table of Contents   

Edgewater Bancorp, Inc. 

 Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statements. 

Table of Contents   

Edgewater Bancorp, Inc. 

 Form 10-Q 

Notes
to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

Note
1: Nature of Operation and Conversion  

Edgewater Bank, a federally chartered stock savings
association (the  Bank ) is primarily engaged in providing a full range of banking and financial services to individual
and corporate customers in the Berrien, Van Buren and to a lesser extent Cass Counties, Michigan. The Bank is subject to competition
from other financial institutions. The Bank is subject to the regulation of the certain federal and state agencies and undergoes
periodic examinations by those regulatory authorities. 

The Banks s wholly-owned subsidiaries, Explorer
Financial Service Corporation (EFSC) and Edgewater Insurance Agency, Inc. (EIA) are included in the consolidated financial statements.
EFSC is primarily engaged in providing title insurance services and EIA is used to collect premiums and receive commissions for
insurance related benefits the Bank offers its employees. 

On January 16, 2014, in accordance with a Plan of
Conversion and Reorganization, the Bank completed a mutual to-stock conversion pursuant to which the Bank became the wholly
owned subsidiary of Edgewater Bancorp, Inc. (the  Company ), a Maryland stock holding corporation. In connection with
the conversion, the Company sold 667,898 shares of common stock, at an offering price of $10 per share. The Company s stock
began being quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board on January 17, 2014 under the symbol  EGDW,  and is currently quoted on
the OTCQB operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc. under the symbol  EGDW.  

The net proceeds from the stock offering, net of offering
costs of approximately $1,455,000, amounted to approximately $4,690,000. 

Also, in connection with the Conversion, the Bank
established an employee stock ownership plan (the  ESOP ), which purchased 53,431 shares of the Company s common
stock at a price of $10 per share. 

In accordance with the OCC regulations, at the time
of the conversion of the mutual bank to a stock holding company, the Company was required to substantially restrict retained earnings
by establishing a liquidation account and the Bank established a parallel liquidation account. The liquidations account will be
maintained for the benefit of eligible holders who continue to maintain their accounts at the Bank after conversion. The liquidation
account will be reduced annually to the extent that eligible account holders have reduced their qualifying deposits. Subsequent
increases will not restore an eligible account holders  interest in the liquidation account. In the event of a complete liquidation
of the Bank, and only in such event, each account holder will be entitled to receive a distribution from the liquidation account
in an amount proportionate to the adjusted qualifying account balances then held. The Bank may not pay dividends if those dividends
would reduce equity capital below the required liquidation account amount. 

Note
2: Basis of Presentation  

The accompanying condensed consolidated financial
statements were prepared in accordance with instructions for Form 10-Q and Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X and, therefore, certain
information or footnotes necessary for a complete presentation of financial position, results of operations, and cash flows in
conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) for interim financial information have been condensed or omitted
pursuant to such rules and regulations. The 

Table of Contents   

preparation of financial statements in conformity
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  Estimates used in the preparation of the financial
statements are based on various factors including the current interest rate environment and the general strength of the local economy. 
Changes in the overall interest rate environment can significantly affect the Company s net interest income and the value
of its recorded assets and liabilities.  Actual results could differ from those estimates used in the preparation of the financial
statements. However, in the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of only normal recurring accruals) which are necessary
for a fair presentation of the financial statements have been included. The results of operations for the three-month and nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2016, are not necessarily indicative of the results which may be expected for the entire year. Accordingly,
these financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto of
the Company as of December 31, 2015 included in Edgewater Bancorp, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2015. 

Note
3: Principles of Consolidation  

The consolidated financial statements include the
accounts of the Edgewater Bancorp, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary, Edgewater Bank. All significant intercompany accounts
and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Note
4: Securities  

The amortized cost and approximate fair values of
investment securities are as follows: 

Table of Contents   

The amortized cost and fair value of investment securities at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, by contractual maturity, are shown below. Expected maturities will differ from contractual
maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 

The carrying value of investment securities pledged
as collateral, to secure public deposits and for other purposes was $205,313 at September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and $246,401 at
December 31, 2015. 

For the three and nine month period ended September
30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, there were no sales of securities available-for-sale. 

Certain investments in debt securities have fair values
at an amount less than their historical cost. Total fair value of these investments at September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December
31, 2015 was $2,000,084 and $6,612,243, which is approximately 20% and 56%, respectively, of the Company s investment portfolio.
These declines primarily resulted from changes in market interest rates since the securities were purchased. 

Management believes the declines in fair value for
these investment securities are temporary. 

Should the impairment of any of these investment securities become other than temporary,
the cost basis of the investment will be reduced and the resulting loss recognized in net income in the period the other-than-temporary
impairment is identified. 

Table of Contents   

Investment securities with unrealized losses were
as follows: 

The unrealized losses on the Company s investments
in direct obligations of U.S. Government and federal agencies and mortgage-backed GSE residential securities were caused by interest
rate changes. The contractual terms of those investments do not permit the issuer to settle the securities at a price less than
the amortized cost bases of the investments. Because the Company does not intend to sell the investments and it is not more likely
than not the Company will be required to sell the investments before recovery of their amortized cost bases, which may be maturity,
the Company does not consider those investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired at September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015. 

Note
5: Loans and Allowance  

The Company s loan and allowance policies are
as follows: 

Loans Receivable 

Loans that management has the intent and ability
to hold for the foreseeable future or until maturity or payoffs are reported at their outstanding principal balances adjusted for
unearned income, charge-offs, the allowance for loan losses, any unamortized deferred fees or costs on originated loans and unamortized
premiums or discounts on purchased loans. 

Table of Contents   

For loans amortized at cost, interest income is accrued
based on the unpaid principal balance. Loan origination fees, net of certain direct origination costs, as well as premiums and
discounts, are deferred and amortized as a level yield adjustment over the respective term of the loan. 

The accrual of interest on loans is discontinued
at the time the loan is 90 days past due unless the credit is well-secured and in process of collection. Past-due status is based
on contractual terms of the loan. In all cases, loans are placed on nonaccrual or charged off at an earlier date if collection
of principal or interest is considered doubtful. There were no changes in the Company s nonaccrual policy during the three
and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and September 30, 2015 (unaudited). 

All interest accrued but not collected for loans
that are placed on nonaccrual or charged off are reversed against interest income. The interest on these loans is accounted for
on the cash-basis or cost-recovery method, until qualifying for return to accrual. Loans are returned to accrual status when all
the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured. 

For all loan portfolio segments, the Company promptly
charges off loans, or portions thereof, when available information confirms that specific loans are uncollectible based on information
that includes, but is not limited to, (1) the deteriorating financial condition of the borrower, (2) declining collateral values,
and/or (3) legal action, including bankruptcy, that impairs the borrower s ability to adequately meet its obligations. For
impaired loans that are considered to be solely collateral dependent, a partial charge-off is recorded when a loss has been confirmed
by an updated appraisal or other appropriate valuation of the collateral. 

When cash payments are received on impaired loans
in each loan class, the Company records the payment as interest income unless collection of the remaining recorded principal amount
is doubtful, at which time payments are used to reduce the principal balance of the loan. Troubled debt restructured loans recognize
interest income on an accrual basis at the renegotiated rate if the loan is in compliance with the modified terms. 

Allowance for Loan Losses 

The allowance for loan losses is established as losses
are estimated to have occurred through a provision for loan losses charged to income. Loan losses are charged against the allowance
when management believes the uncollectibility of a loan balance is confirmed. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the
allowance. 

The allowance for loan losses is evaluated on a regular
basis by management and is based upon management s periodic review of the collectibility of the loans in light of historical
experience, the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay,
estimated value of any underlying collateral and prevailing economic conditions. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it
requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. 

The allowance consists of allocated and general components.
The allocated component relates to loans that are classified as impaired. For those loans that are classified as impaired, an allowance
is established when the discounted cash flows (or collateral value or observable market price) of the impaired loan is lower than
the carrying value of that loan. The general component covers nonclassified loans and is based on historical charge-off experience
and expected loss given default derived from the Company s internal risk rating process. Other adjustments may be made to
the allowance for pools of loans after an assessment of internal or external influences on credit quality that are not fully reflected
in the historical loss or risk rating data. 

A loan is considered impaired when, based on current
information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest
when due 

Table of Contents   

according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement.
Factors considered by management in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value and the probability of collecting
scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally
are not classified as impaired. Management determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case
basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay,
the reasons for the delay, the borrower s prior payment record and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal
and interest owed. Impairment is measured on a loan-by-loan basis for commercial and construction loans by either the present value
of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, the loan s obtainable market price
or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. 

Groups of loans with similar risk characteristics
are collectively evaluated for impairment based on the group s historical loss experience adjusted for changes in trends,
conditions and other relevant factors that affect repayment of the loans. Accordingly, the Company does not separately identify
individual consumer and residential loans for impairment measurements, unless such loans are the subject of a restructuring agreement
due to financial difficulties of the borrower. 

Categories of loans receivable include: 

The risk characteristics of each loan portfolio segment
are as follows: 

Residential 1-4 Family, Home Equity Loans and Lines
of Credit and Other Consumer:  The residential 1-4 family real estate loans are generally secured by owner-occupied 1-4 family
residences. Home equity loans and lines of credit are typically secured by a subordinate interest in 1-4 family residences and
consumer loans are secured by consumer assets such as automobiles and other personal property. Repayment of these loans is primarily
dependent on the personal income and credit rating of the borrowers. Credit risk in these loans can be impacted by economic conditions
within the Bank s market areas that might impact either property values or a borrower s personal income. Risk is mitigated
by the fact that the loans are of smaller individual amounts and spread over a large number of borrowers. 

Table of Contents   

Commercial Real Estate including Construction and
Land:  Commercial real estate loans typically involve larger principal amounts, and repayment of these loans is generally dependent
on the successful operations of the property securing the loan or the business conducted on the property securing the loan. These
loans are viewed primarily as cash flow loans and secondarily as loans secured by real estate. Construction and land real estate
loans are usually based upon estimates of costs and estimated value of the completed project and include independent appraisal
reviews and a financial analysis of the developers and property owners. Sources of repayment of these loans may include permanent
loans, sales of developed property or an interim loan commitment from the Bank until permanent financing is obtained. These loans
are considered to be higher risk than other real estate loans due to their ultimate repayment being sensitive to interest rate
changes, general economic conditions and the availability of long-term financing. Credit risk in these loans may be impacted by
the creditworthiness of a borrower, property values and the local economies in the Company s market areas. 

Commercial and Industrial:  The commercial and
industrial portfolio includes loans to commercial customers for use in financing working capital needs, equipment purchases and
expansions. The loans in this category are repaid primarily from the cash flow of a borrower s principal business operation.
Credit risk in these loans is driven by creditworthiness of a borrower and the economic conditions that impact the cash flow stability
from business operations. 

Warehouse Line:  The residential mortgage warehouse
line is a wholesale mortgage line participation. The lending is done with a specific mortgage company that is a customer with the
participating bank. The participating bank underwrites each individual mortgage and the related mortgagee. Financing is provided
to an approved mortgage company for the origination and sale of residential mortgage loans. A portion of each individual mortgage
is assigned to the Edgewater Bank until the loans is sold on the secondary market. These loans are typically sold within 30 days
and are seldom held more than 90 days. Interest income is accrued during this period and collected at the time each loan is sold.
Edgewater Bank has established several controls to minimize potential risks including reviewing documents provided on the approved
mortgage warehouse participants. Also, certain loan documents are received and reviewed on each loan in which Edgewater Bank is
asked to participate in that allows Edgewater Bank to accept or reject the individual loan participation. 

The following presents by portfolio segment, the activity
in the allowance for loan losses: 

Table of Contents   

The following presents the allowance for loan losses
and the recorded investment in loans based on portfolio segment and impairment method as of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015: 

Table of Contents   

Internal Risk Categories 

In adherence with policy, the Bank uses the following
internal risk grading categories and definitions for loans: 

RISK RATING 1   EXCELLENT 

General: The highest quality asset rating reflects
superior, in-depth management, and superior financial flexibility. Conservative balance sheets are both strong and liquid, and
historic cash flows (last five years) have provided exceptionally large and stable margins of protection. 

Specific: Financial statements are current, audited,
of superior quality and in complete detail. Financial condition is superior and compares favorably to the industry average. Cash
flow is outstanding relative to historical and projected debt service requirements. The borrower adheres to all loan covenants.
Management (or individual) integrity and ability are outstanding. 

RISK RATING 2   STRONG 

General: The borrower is fully responsible for the
credit. Asset quality and liquidity are very good, and debt capacity and coverage are strong. The company has strong management
in all positions, and is highly regarded with excellent financial flexibility including access to other sources of financing. 

Specific: Financial statements are current, of excellent
quality and in adequate detail. Financial condition is very good and compares favorably to the industry average. Statements reflect
a stable record of earnings over time and consistent profitability. Cash flow is strong relative to historical and projected debt
service requirements. The borrower consistently adheres to the repayment schedules for both principal and interest. The borrower
adheres to all loan covenants. Management (or individual) integrity and ability are outstanding. 

RISK RATING 3   GOOD 

General: Asset quality and liquidity are strong, and
debt capacity and coverage are good to above average. General financial trends are stable to favorable and financial and profitability
ratios are consistent with industry peers. Management strength is apparent. The industry is average. Some modest elements of uncertainty
may be present due to liquidity, margin and cash flow stability, asset of customer concentrations, dependence on one business type,
or cyclical trends that may affect the borrower. 

Specific: The financial statements are generally current,
of adequate detail, and of good quality. Publication of statements is at least once annually but in most cases more frequent. Financial
condition is good relative to the industry. The earnings record is stable and consistent, although modest year-to-year earnings
may fluctuate more than for borrowers rated Excellent (1) or Strong (2). Cash flow may vary during the repayment of the loan but
does not fall below debt service requirements. Historical profitability may be inconsistent but losses are typically non-existent
or infrequent. Liquidity and leverage are at the industry average. The borrower consistently adheres to repayment schedules for
both principal and interest, and adheres to all loan covenants. Any waivers are immaterial, and do not negatively impact the strength
of the credit. Management (or individual) integrity and ability are sound. Depth and breadth of management is also sound. 

RISK RATING 4   ACCEPTABLE 

General: Asset quality and liquidity are good, and
debt capacity and coverage are average to good. General financial trends are stable to favorable and financial and profitability
ratios are consistent with industry peers. Management strength is apparent but may be limited to key positions. The industry is
average. Some elements of uncertainty may be present due to liquidity, margin and cash 

Table of Contents   

flow stability, asset of customer concentrations,
dependence on one business type, or cyclical trends that may affect the borrower. Adverse economic conditions may lead to declining
trends. 

Specific: The financial statements are generally
current, of adequate detail, and of average quality. Publication of statements is at least once annually. Financial condition is
average relative to the industry. The earnings record is satisfactory, although year-to-year earnings patterns may fluctuate more
than for borrowers rated Good (3). Cash flow may vary during the repayment of the loan but does not fall below debt service requirements.
Historical profitability may be inconsistent and may have losses in recent years. Liquidity and leverage may be below the industry
average, and the borrower may be highly leveraged. The borrower consistently adheres to repayment schedules for both principal
and interest, and adheres to all loan covenants. Any waivers are immaterial, and do not negatively impact the strength of the credit.
Management (or individual) integrity and ability are sound. Depth and breadth of management is also sound. 

RISK RATING 5   WATCH 

General: Loans in this category are considered to
be acceptable credit quality, but contain greater credit risk than Risk Rating 4 loans due to weak balance sheets, marginal earnings
or cash flow, lack of financial information, weakening markets, insufficient or questionable collateral coverage, or other uncertainties.
These loans warrant a higher than average level of monitoring to ensure that potential weaknesses do not emerge. The level of risk
in a Watch loan is within acceptable underwriting guidelines so long as the loan is given the proper level of management supervision. 

Specific: The financial statements may be missing,
outdated, of poor quality, or lacking in important details. Financial condition is below the industry average. The borrower may
be experiencing negative trends and/or erratic or unstable financial performance. The borrower may have suffered a loss in a recent
period; however, losses have not been of the magnitude to have adversely affected the balance sheet. The borrower generally adheres
to repayment schedules for principal and consistently for interest. Cash flow from primary sources has generally been adequate
but, if existing trends continue may not be adequate to meet projected debt service requirements in the future. The borrower may
have violated one or more financial or other covenants, but such has not materially impacted financial condition or performance.
Industry outlook may be unfavorable. The integrity and quality of management remains good; however, management depth may be limited. 

RISK RATING 6   SPECIAL MENTION 

General: Assets in this category have potential weaknesses
that deserve the Bank s close attention. If potential weaknesses are left unchecked or uncorrected, they may result in deterioration
of the repayment prospects for the asset or inadequately protect the Bank s credit position at some future date. These assets
pose elevated risk, but their weakness does not expose the Bank to sufficient risk to warrant adverse classification. 

Specific: Borrowers may be experiencing adverse operating
trends (declining revenues or margins) or an ill-proportioned balance sheet (increasing inventory without an increase in sales,
high leverage, tight liquidity). Adverse economic or market conditions, such as interest rate increases or the entry of a new competitor,
may also support a Special Mention (6) rating. Nonfinancial reasons for rating a credit Special Mention (6) include management
problems, pending litigation, an ineffective loan agreement or other material structural weaknesses, and any other significant
deviation from prudent lending practices. 

RISK RATING 7   SUBSTANDARD 

General: Assets in this category are inadequately
protected by the current sound worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. These assets have
a well-defined 

Table of Contents   

weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the timely
liquidation of the debt. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Bank will sustain some loss if the deficiencies
are not corrected. 

Specific: Substandard assets have a high probability
of payment default, or they have other well-defined weaknesses. The financial statements may be missing, seriously outdated, of
poor quality, or lacking in important details. Financial condition is less than satisfactory. The borrower is experiencing negative
trends and material losses. The primary source of cash flow is inadequate to meet current debt service requirements, and unless
present conditions improve is potentially inadequate to meet projected debt service requirements. The borrower may have reached
the point of employing its secondary source of cash flow. The borrower inconsistently adheres to repayment schedules for either
principal or interest. The borrower may have violated one or more financial or other covenants, reflecting unsatisfactory liquidity
and/or capitalization. Either the integrity or the ability of management may be in question. For some Substandard (7) assets, the
likelihood of full collection of interest and principal may be in doubt; such assets should be placed on nonaccrual. 

RISK RATING 8   DOUBTFUL 

General: Assets in this category have all the weaknesses
inherent in one classified substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full
on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable and improbable. 

Specific: An asset in this category has a high probability
of total or substantial loss, but because of specific pending events that may strengthen the asset, its classification as loss
is deferred. Doubtful borrowers are usually in default, lack adequate liquidity and capital, and lack the resources necessary to
remain an operating entity. Pending events can include mergers, acquisitions, liquidations, capital injections, and the perfection
of liens on additional collateral, the valuation of collateral and refinancing. Generally, pending events should be resolved within
a relatively short period and the ratings will be adjusted based on new information. Because of high probability of loss, nonaccrual
accounting treatment is required for Doubtful (8) assets. 

RISK RATING 9   LOSS 

General: Assets in this category are considered uncollectible
and of such little value that their continuance as bankable assets is not warranted. This classification does not mean that the
asset has absolutely no recovery or salvage value, but rather that it is not practical or desirable to defer writing off this basically
worthless asset even though partial recovery may be obtained in the future. 

Specific: With Loss (9) assets, the underlying borrowers
are often in bankruptcy, have formally suspended debt repayments, or have otherwise ceased normal business operations. Once an
asset is classified Loss (9), there is little prospect of collecting either its principal or interest. Losses are to be recorded
in the period an obligation becomes uncollectable. 

Table of Contents   

The following tables present the credit risk profile
of the Company s loan portfolio based on rating category and payment activity as of September 30, 2016: 

The following tables present the credit risk profile
of the Company s loan portfolio based on rating category and payment activity as of December 31, 2015: 

The following tables present the Company s loan
portfolio aging analysis as of September 30, 2016: 

Table of Contents   

The following tables present the Company s loan
portfolio aging analysis as of December 31, 2015: 

The following table presents the Company s nonaccrual
loans at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. This table excludes performing troubled debt restructurings. 

A loan is considered impaired, in accordance with
the impairment accounting guidance (ASC 310-10-35-16), when based on current information and events, it is probable the Company
will be unable to collect all amounts due from the borrower in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan. Impaired loans
include nonperforming commercial loans but also include loans modified in troubled debt restructurings. 

Table of Contents   

The following table presents impaired loans and specific
valuation allowance based on class level at September 30, 2016: 

The following table presents average impaired loans
based on class level for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Table of Contents   

The following table presents impaired loans and specific
valuation allowance based on class level at December 31, 2015: 

Interest income of $7,618, $21,695,
$10,777, $32,296 and $41,740 was recognized on impaired loans for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited)
and September 30, 2015 (unaudited) and for year-end December 31, 2015, respectively. 

At September 30, 2016, the Company
had several loans that were modified in troubled debt restructurings and impaired. The modification of terms of such loans included
one or a combination of the following: an extension of maturity, a reduction of the stated interest rate or a permanent reduction
of the recorded investment in the loan. Total troubled debt restructured loan balance on nine loans was $899,000 as of September
30, 2016 (unaudited). 

There were no new troubled debt
restructurings for the three or nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

There was no troubled debt restructured
loans modified in the past 12 months that subsequently defaulted. 

At September 30, 2016, the Company
had one residential real estate loan as foreclosed property totaling $26,000. There were no consumer mortgage loans in the process
of foreclosure according to local requirements of the applicable jurisdictions. 

Note
6: Disclosures about Fair Value of Assets and Liabilities  

Fair value is the price that would be received to
sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair
value measurements must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. There is a hierarchy
of three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: 

Level 1   
      Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.   

Level 2   
      Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.   

Table of Contents   

Level 3   
      Unobservable inputs supported by little or no market activity and are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.   

Recurring Measurements 

The following table presents the fair value measurements
of assets recognized in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets measured at fair value on a recurring basis and the level
within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall at September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and for the year end
December 31, 2015: 

Following is a description of the valuation methodologies
and inputs used for assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis and recognized in the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets, as well as the general classification of such assets pursuant to the valuation hierarchy. There have been no significant
changes in the valuation techniques during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and the year ended December 31,
2015. For assets classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, the process used to develop the reported fair value is
described on the following page. 

Table of Contents   

Available-for-Sale
Securities 

Where quoted market prices are available in an active
market, securities are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. If quoted market prices are not available, then
fair values are estimated by using quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics or independent asset pricing services
and pricing models, the inputs of which are market-based or independently sourced market parameters, including, but not limited
to, yield curves, interest rates, volatilities, prepayments, defaults, cumulative loss projections and cash flows. Such securities
are classified in Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy including U.S. Government and federal agency, state and political subdivisions,
mortgage-backed securities GSE, and collateralized mortgage debt obligations GSE. In certain cases, where Level 1 or Level 2
inputs are not available, securities are classified within Level 3 of the hierarchy. The Company has no securities classified
as Level 3. 

Mortgage Servicing
Rights 

Mortgage servicing rights do not trade in an active,
open market with readily observable prices. Accordingly, fair value is estimated using discounted cash flow models having significant
inputs of discount rate, prepayment speed and default rate. Due to the nature of the valuation inputs, mortgage servicing rights
are classified within Level 3 of the hierarchy. 

Mortgage servicing rights are tested for impairment
on a quarterly basis. The Chief Financial Officer s (CFO) office contracts with a pricing specialist to generate fair value
estimates on at least a quarterly basis. The CFO s office challenges the reasonableness of the assumptions used and reviews
the methodology to ensure the estimated fair value complies with accounting standards generally accepted in the United States. 

Level 3 Reconciliation 

The following is a reconciliation of the beginning
and ending balances of recurring fair value measurements recognized in the accompanying balance sheets using significant unobservable
(Level 3) inputs: 

Table of Contents   

Nonrecurring Measurements 

The following table presents the fair value measurement
of assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value
measurements fall at September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015: 

Following is a description of the valuation methodologies
and inputs used for assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis and recognized in the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets, as well as the general classification of such assets pursuant to the valuation hierarchy. For assets classified within
Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, the process used to develop the reported fair value is described below. 

Other Real Estate
Owned 

Other real estate owned (OREO) is carried at the lower
of fair value at acquisition date or current estimated fair value, less estimated cost to sell when the real estate is acquired.
Estimated fair value of OREO is based on appraisals or evaluations. OREO is classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 

Appraisals of OREO are obtained when the real estate
is acquired and subsequently as deemed necessary by the CFO s office. Appraisals are reviewed for accuracy and consistency
by the CFO s office. Appraisers are selected from the list of approved appraisers maintained by management. 

Collateral-dependent
Impaired Loans, Net of ALLL 

The estimated fair value of collateral-dependent impaired
loans is based on the appraised fair value of the collateral, less estimated cost to sell. Collateral-dependent impaired loans
are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 

The Company considers the appraisal or evaluation
as the starting point for determining fair value and then considers other factors and events in the environment that may affect
the fair value. Appraisals of the collateral underlying collateral-dependent loans are obtained when the loan is 

Table of Contents   

determined to be collateral-dependent and subsequently
as deemed necessary by the CFO s office. Appraisals are reviewed for accuracy and consistency by the CFO s office.
Appraisers are selected from the list of approved appraisers maintained by management. The appraised values are reduced by discounts
to consider lack of marketability and estimated cost to sell if repayment or satisfaction of the loan is dependent on the sale
of the collateral. These discounts and estimates are developed by the CFO s office by comparison to historical results. 

Unobservable (Level
3) Inputs 

The following table presents quantitative information
about unobservable inputs used in recurring and nonrecurring Level 3 fair value measurements: 

Table of Contents   

Fair Value of Financial Instruments   

The following tables present estimated fair values
of the Company s financial instruments and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements
fall at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Table of Contents   

The following methods were used to estimate the fair
value of all other financial instruments recognized in the accompanying balance sheets at amounts other than fair value. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents
and Federal Home Loan Bank Stock 

The carrying amount approximates fair value. 

Loan Held for Sale 

The carrying amount approximates fair value due to
the insignificant time between origination and date of sale. The carrying amount is the amount funded and accrued interest. 

Loans, Net of Allowance
for Loan Losses 

Fair value is estimated by discounting the future
cash flows using the market rates at which similar notes would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and for the same
remaining maturities. The market rates used are based on current rates the Bank would impose for similar loans and reflect a market
participant assumption about risks associated with nonperformance, illiquidity, and the structure and term of the loans along with
local economic and market conditions. 

Accrued Interest Receivable
and Payable 

The carrying amount approximates fair value. The carrying
amount is determined using the interest rate, balance and last payment date. 

Deposits 

Fair value of term deposits is estimated by discounting
the future cash flows using rates of similar deposits with similar maturities. The market rates used were obtained from a knowledgeable
independent third party and reviewed by the Bank. The rates were the average of current rates offered by local competitors of the
Bank. 

The estimated fair value of demand, savings and money
market deposits is the book value since rates are regularly adjusted to market rates and amounts are payable on demand at the reporting
date. 

Federal Home Loan
Bank Advances 

Fair value is estimated by discounting the future
cash flows using rates of similar advances with similar maturities. These rates were obtained from current rates offered by the
FHLB. 

Note 7: Accounting Developments  

Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB )  

In February 2016, the FASB issued
  ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842).    The provisions of ASU 2016-02 was issued to increase transparency
and comparability among entities by requiring lessees to recognize assets and liabilities on the balance sheet for the rights and
obligations created by leases and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. For public entities, ASU 2016-02 is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-02 on its consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents   

In March
2016, the FASB issued   ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718)-Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accounting.    The provisions of ASU 2016-09 simplify several aspects for share-based payment transactions,
including income tax consequences, forfeitures, statutory tax withholding requirements and classifications of the income tax effects
of certain share-based payment transactions in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 eliminates equity treatment for tax benefits
or deficiencies that result from differences between compensation costs recognized for GAAP purposes and the related tax deduction
and require such differences be recognized as income tax expense. Since excess tax benefits are no longer recognized in additional
paid-in capital, the assumed proceeds from applying the treasury stock method will exclude the amount of excess tax benefits when
calculating earnings per share. Under ASU 2016-09, forfeitures can be estimated and considered in the accrual of compensation expense,
as in current practice, or accounted for as they occur. In addition, for awards to qualify as equity instruments the employer must
have a statutory obligation to withhold taxes on the employee s behalf and the withholdings cannot exceed the maximum statutory
tax rates in the applicable jurisdictions. Excess tax benefits are now classified as operating activities and cash paid by an employer
when directly withholding shares for tax-withholding purposes is classified as a financing activity. Since the Company qualifies
as an emerging growth company, ASU 2016-09 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim
periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-09
on its consolidated financial statements. 

In June
2016, the FASB issued   ASU No. 2016-13,  Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326).    The provisions
of ASU 2016-13 was issued to provide financial statement users with more decision-useful information about the expected credit
losses on financial instruments that are not accounted for at fair value through net income, including loans held for investment,
held-to-maturity debt securities, trade and other receivables, net investment in leases and other commitments to extend credit
held by a reporting entity at each reporting date. ASU 2016-13 requires that financial assets measured at amortized cost be presented
at the net amount expected to be collected, through an allowance for credit losses that is deducted from the amortized cost basis.
The amendments in ASU 2016-13 eliminate the probable initial recognition in current GAAP and reflect an entity s current
estimate of all expected credit losses. The measurement of expected credit losses is based upon historical experience, current
conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the financial assets. For purchased financial
assets with a more-than-insignificant amount of credit deterioration since origination ( PCD assets ) that are measured
at amortized cost, the initial allowance for credit losses is added to the purchase price rather than being reported as a credit
loss expense. Subsequent changes in the allowance for credit losses on PCD assets are recognized through the statement of income
as a credit loss expense. Credit losses relating to available-for-sale debt securities will be recorded through an allowance for
credit losses rather than as a direct write-down to the security. Since the Company qualifies as an emerging growth company, ASU
2016-13 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2021. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-13 on its consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents   

Note
8: Earnings Per Share  

Table of Contents   

Item 2.     Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

General  

Management s discussion and analysis of the
financial condition and results of operations at and for three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is intended
to assist in understanding the financial condition and results of operations of the Company on a consolidated basis. The information
contained in this section should be read in conjunction with the unaudited financial statements and the notes thereto, appearing
on Part I, Item 1 of this quarterly report on 

 Form 10-Q. 

Forward Looking Statements  

This report contains forward-looking statements that
are based on management s beliefs, assumptions, current expectations, estimates and projections about the financial services
industry, the economy, and our company. Words such as  anticipates,   believes,   estimates, 
 expects,   forecasts,   intends,   is likely,   plans,   projects, 
and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These statements
are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions ( Future Factors )
that are difficult to predict with regard to timing, extent, likelihood and degree of occurrence. Therefore, actual results and
outcomes may materially differ from what may be expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation
to update, amend, or clarify forward looking-statements, whether as a result of new information, future events (whether anticipated
or unanticipated), or other 

Future Factors include, among others, changes in interest
rates and interest rates relationships; demand for products and services; the degree of competition by traditional and non-traditional
competitors; changes in banking regulation or actions by bank regulators; changes in tax laws; our ability to manage expenses;
the impact of technological advances; governmental and regulatory policy changes; the outcomes of contingencies; trends in customer
behavior as well as their ability to repay loans; changes in local real estate values; changes in the national and local economies;
and risk factors described in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. These are representative of
the Future Factors that could cause a difference between an ultimate actual outcome and a forward-looking statement. 

Critical
Accounting Policies  

There are no material changes to the critical accounting
policies disclosed in Edgewater Bancorp, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Comparison
of Financial Condition at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  

Total Assets.   Total
assets increased by $18.7 million, or 13.8%, to $154.0 million at September 30, 2016 from $135.4 million at December 31, 2015.
The increase was primarily the result of increases in loans and loans held for sale loans of $13.6 million and $388,000, respectively.
Also, cash and cash equivalents increased $6.8 million. This is partially offset by decreases in available-for-sale securities. 

Net Loans.   Net
loans increased by $13.6 million, or 12.8%, to $120.6 million at September 30, 2016 from $107.0 million at December 31, 2015. During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, one-to- four family residential real estate loans increased $2.2 million, or 4.8%, to
$47.6 million at September 30, 2016 from $45.4 million at December 31, 2015; commercial real estate loans increased $5.2 million
or 16.2%, to $37.6 million from $32.4 million; construction and land loans 

Table of Contents   

increased $2.0 million, or 103.0%,
to $4.0 million from $2.0 million; commercial and industrial loans increased $1.3 million, or 15.8%, to $9.4 million from $8.1
million; warehouse line increased $4.3 million or 42.7% to $14.3 million from $10.0 million at September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015 and consumer loans, including home equity loans and lines of credit, decreased $1.2 million, or 12.0%, to $8.9 million
from $10.1 million. The increase in residential 1-4 family loans is the result of new customer relationships established with second
homes being purchased. The increase in commercial real estate is the result of new customer relationships being established. The
increase in construction and land is due to market demand for residential home construction and commercial real estate construction.
The increase in the warehouse line is result of increasing the threshold limit of the line. The decreases in the remaining loan
classes reflect repayments in excess of originations, and loan sales of refinanced loans. 

Investment Securities.
  Investment securities available for sale decreased $1.8 million, or 15.1%, to $9.9 million at September 30, 2016 from $11.7
million at December 31, 2015. Mortgage-backed securities including collateralized mortgage obligations, decreased $774,000, or
24.0%, to $2.5 million at September 30, 2016 from $3.2 million at December 31, 2015, and states and political subdivision securities
decreased $497,000, or 19.4%, to $2.1 million at September 30, 2016 from $2.6 million at December 31, 2015. U.S. government and
federal agency securities decreased $502,000, or 8.5%, to $5.4 million at September 30, 2016 from $5.9 million at December 31,
2015. There were four securities purchased for $3.0 million and four securities called or matured for $4.7 million during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016. Net unrealized gains on securities recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
increased by $66,000 to an unrealized gain of $52,000 at September 30, 2016 compared to an unrealized loss of $14,300 at December
31, 2015. At September 30, 2016, investment securities classified as available-for-sale consisted entirely of government-sponsored
mortgage-backed securities, government-sponsored debentures, state and political subdivision securities, and U.S. government and
agency securities with a focus on suitable government-sponsored securities to augment risk-based capital. 

Real Estate Owned and Other
Repossessed Assets.   Real estate owned and held for sale increased $14,000, or 5.4% to $276,167 at September 30, 2016 from
$262,100 at December 31, 2015. The Company sold $35,000 of foreclosed properties during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.
There were two residential properties that were foreclosed on during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. There were no foreclosed
non-performing loans, no recorded valuation adjustments and $16,500 in net loss on sales during the nine months ended September
30, 2016. At September 30, 2016, real estate owned included two commercial real estate properties, the largest has a carrying value
of $202,100 and two residential properties. 

Deposits.   Deposits
increased by $11.2 million, or 9.9%, to $124.6 million at September 30, 2016 from $113.3 million at December 31, 2015. Interest-bearing
deposits increased $10.1 million 10.2% to $109.5 million at September 30, 2016 from $99.4 million at December 31, 2015. Noninterest
bearing increased $1.1 million, or 7.8% to $15.0 million at September 30, 2016 from $13.9 million at December 31, 2015. 

Federal Home Loan Bank
Advances and Other Liabilities.   Federal Home Loan Bank advances increased $7.0 million, or 87.5% to $15.0 million at September
30, 2016 from $8.0 million at December 31, 2015. Other liabilities, which include, interest and accounts payable, customer escrow
balances, and accruals for items such as employee pension and medical plans, increased $256,000 or 38.1%, to $929,000 at September
30, 2016 from $672,000 at December 31, 2015. 

Total Equity.    Total
equity increased $160,000 or 1.2%, to $13.5 million at September 30, 2016. Retained earnings increased $94,000 due to the net income
at September 30, 2016, as well as an increase of $66,000 in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) due to unrecognized gains
on investment securities.  

Table of Contents   

Delinquencies, Classified Assets and Non-Performing
Assets  

Delinquent Loans  .
The following table sets forth our loan delinquencies, including non-accrual loans, by type and amount at the dates indicated. 

The decrease in delinquent loans
at September 30, 2016 compared to December 31, 2015 was primarily attributable to loans that were paid off or brought to a current
status. 

Classified Assets  .
The following table sets forth our amounts of classified assets as of the dates indicated. Amounts shown at September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015 include approximately $853,000 and $1.3 million of nonperforming loans, respectively. The related specific
valuation allowance in the allowance for loan losses for such nonperforming loans was $15,120 and $15,000 at September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

Table of Contents   

(1)  Includes non-accruing loans that are more than 90 days
past due. 

The increase in classified assets
to $2.6 million at September 30, 2016 from $1.6 million at December 31, 2015 was primarily due to the enhanced review of a larger
commercial real estate relationship that resulted in being changed to a classified status and moved to nonperforming assets. The
largest component of classified loans is commercial real estate loans which totaled $1.5 million, or 63.8% of our total classified
loans, at September 30, 2016. Our largest classified loan relationship, was a commercial real estate relationship totaling $968,000
at September 30, 2016. 

Non-Performing Assets.
  The following table sets forth information regarding our non-performing assets and troubled debt restructurings at the
dates indicated. The information reflects net charge-offs but not specific reserves. Troubled debt restructurings are loans where
the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and for which either a portion of interest or principal has been forgiven or
an extension of term granted, or the terms of which have been modified to reflect interest rates materially less than current market
rates. 

Table of Contents   

(table continues on following page) 

Table of Contents   

(1) Represents real estate that is subject to the redemption
period under Michigan law. 

Non-performing assets decreased $418,000,
or 0.76% of total assets, at September 30, 2016 from $1.6 million, or 1.17% of total assets, at December 31, 2015. Nonperforming
one-to-four family real estate loans decreased $438,000 to $796,000. Total non-performing loans to total loans decreased 49 basis
points to 0.73% at September 30, 2016 from 1.22% at December 31, 2015. Construction and land nonperforming loans decreased $33,000
to zero on September 30, 2016 from $33,000 at December 31, 2015. The largest non-performing loan relationship was a one-to-four
family residential mortgage relationship totaling $158,000 at September 30, 2016. 

Other Loans of Concern.   At
September 30, 2016, there was a $34,000 commercial real estate loan designated by management as  special mention, 
where there is information about possible credit problems of the borrower that caused management to have doubts about the ability
of the borrowers to comply with present loan repayment terms. Management continues to actively monitor the performance of this
loan. 

Comparison of Operating
Results for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

General.   Net income for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 was $114,000, compared to net income of $19,000 for the three months ended September 30,
2015, an increase of $95,000. The increase in earnings was primarily due to increases in net interest income and noninterest income
offset by decreases in noninterest expense in occupancy and other real estate expenses. 

Interest Income.   Interest
income increased $120,000, or 9.9%, to $1.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $1.2 million for the three
months ended September 30, 2015. 

Table of Contents   

This increase was attributable to a $121,000
increase in interest and fee income on loans receivable. The increase was due to volume increase in new loans. The average balance
of loans during the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased $11.5 million to $118.1 million compared to $106.6 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2015, and the average yield on loans decreased by 2 basis points to 4.33% for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 from 4.35% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The average balance of investment securities
decreased $2.4 million to $9.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $11.5 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2015, and the average yield on investment securities decreased by 7 basis point to 1.31% for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 from 1.38% for the three months ended September 30, 2015, resulting in income on securities decreasing only
$2,400. 

Interest Expense.   Total interest
expense increased $26,000, or 19.1%, to $162,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $136,000 for the three months
ended September 30, 2015. Interest expense on deposit accounts increased $26,000, or 26.0%, to $126,000 for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 from $100,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. An increase of 4 basis points in the average cost
of interest-bearing deposits to 0.49% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 0.45% for the three months ended September
30, 2015, and there was an increase of $14.5 million, or 16.5%, in the average balance of deposits to $102.5 million for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 from $87.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in deposits was
in demand deposit of $11.7 million, savings accounts by $1.9 million, and money market account by $1.1 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2016. This was offset by a slight decline of $187,000 in certificates of deposit for three months ended September
30, 2016. 

Interest expense on FHLB-Indianapolis advances
decreased $1,000 to $36,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $37,000 for the three months ended September 30,
2015. The average balance of advances decreased by $4.8 million to $12.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016
from $17.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The average cost on the advances increased 31 basis points to
1.13% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from .82% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Net Interest Income .  Net interest
income increased $94,000, or 8.7%, to $1.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $1.1 million for the three
months ended September 30, 2015. The interest rate spread decreased to 3.27% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from
3.33% for the three months ended September 30, 2015, and decreased the net interest margin to 3.36% for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 from 3.41% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in the interest rate spread and net interest
margin reflected was a result of the decrease in yield on interest earning assets as well as the increase in yield on interest
earning liabilities for the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Provision for Loan Losses.  
Based on our analysis of the factors described in  Critical Accounting Policies Allowance for Loan Losses,  we
recorded a provision for loan losses of $80,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $30,000 for the three months
ended September 30, 2015. The allowance for loan losses was $1.2 million, or 1.00% of total loans, at September 30, 2016, compared
to $1.1 million, or .96% of total loans, at September 30, 2015. Total nonperforming loans were $888,000 at September 30, 2016,
compared to $1.6 million at September 30, 2015. As a percentage of nonperforming loans, the allowance for loan losses was 137.4%
at September 30, 2016 compared to 64.5% at September 30, 2015. At September 30, 2016, $48,000 of the $888,000 in nonperforming
loans were contractually current, compared to $762,000 of $1.6 million at September 30, 2015. 

The allowance for loan losses reflects
the estimate we believe to be appropriate to cover incurred probable losses which were inherent in the loan portfolio at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. While we believe the estimates and assumptions used in our determination of the adequacy
of the allowance are reasonable, such estimates and assumptions could be proven incorrect in the future, and the actual amount
of future provisions may exceed the amount of past provisions, and the increase in future 

Table of Contents   

provisions that may be required may adversely
impact our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, bank regulatory agencies periodically review our allowance
for loan losses and may require an increase in the provision for possible loan losses or the recognition of further loan charge-offs,
based on judgments different than those of management. 

Non-Interest Income   .  Non-interest
income increased $80,000 or 33.7%, to $316,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $237,000 for the three months
ended September 30, 2015. The increase was due to an increase of $76,000 in mortgage banking activities, which includes gains on
sale of loans and changes in the value of mortgage servicing rights. Gains on sale of loans increased as originations, particularly
on new home purchases and refinanced homes, increased during the period. There were increases of $2,000 on service charges on deposits
and $2,000 in other noninterest income. 

Non-Interest Expense.   Non-interest
expense increased $29,000, or 2.3%, to $1.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $1.3 million for the three
months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was reflected in salaries and benefits of $29,000 and other expense of $19,000 which
was offset by decreases in occupancy and equipment of $21,000 and other real estate expenses of $8,000. At this time, we do not
expect any reductions in non-interest expenses related to our participation in the defined benefit plan because of the continued
participation in the plan. 

Table of Contents   

Average Balances and Yields.   The
following tables set forth average balance sheets, average yields and costs, and certain other information for the periods indicated.
All average balances are daily average balances. Nonaccrual loans were included in the computation of average balances, but have
been reflected in the table as loans carrying a zero yield. The yields set forth below include the effect of net deferred costs,
discounts and premiums that are accreted to interest income. 

(1)  Yield and rates are annualized.   

(2)  Consists of stock in the FHLB-Indianapolis and interest bearing deposits in other banks.   

(3)  Net interest spread represents the difference between the yield on average interest-earning assets and the cost of average
interest-bearing liabilities.   

(4)  Net interest-earning assets represents total interest-earning assets less total interest-bearing liabilities.   

(5)  Net interest margin represents net interest income divided by average total interest-earning assets.   

Table of Contents   

Comparison of Operating
Results for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

General.   Net income for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $94,000, compared to net income of $62,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015,
an increase of $33,000. The increase in earnings was primarily due to increases in net interest income and non-interest income
offset by increases in the provision for loan losses and increases in noninterest expense in salaries and benefits and data processing. 

Interest Income.   Interest
income increased $297,000, or 8.3%, to $3.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $3.6 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. This increase was attributable to a $299,000 increase in interest and fee income on loans receivable.
The increase was due to volume increase in new loans. The average balance of loans during the nine months ended September 30, 2016
increased $12.1 million to $112.6 million compared to $100.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, and the average
yield on loans decreased by 15 basis points to 4.39% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 4.54% for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. The yield declined because $119,000 of interest was collected on a nonaccrual loan paid off during the
first quarter ending March 31, 2015. The average balance of investment securities decreased $1.4 million to $10.7 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $12.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, while the average yield on
investment securities increased slightly by 1 basis point to 1.38% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 1.37% for
the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Interest Expense.   Total interest
expense increased $73,000, or 18.5%, to $465,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $392,000 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. Interest expense on deposit accounts increased $79,000, or 26.7%, to $375,000 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 from $296,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. An increase of 5 basis points in the average cost
of interest-bearing deposits to 0.50% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 0.45% for the nine months ended September
30, 2015, and there was an increase of $13.4 million, or 15.3%, in the average balance of deposits to $101.0 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 from $87.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in deposits is in
demand deposits of $12.3 million, money market accounts by $639,000, and savings account by $522,000 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016. This was offset partially by decline of $116,000 in certificates of deposit for nine months ended September
30, 2016. 

Interest expense on FHLB-Indianapolis advances
decreased $7,000 to $89,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $96,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.
The average balance of advances decreased by $4.1 million to $9.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $13.7
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The average cost on the advances increased 31 basis points to 1.25% for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 0.94% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 because shorter term advances with
lower yields paid off. 

Net Interest Income .  Net interest
income increased $224,000, or 7.0%, to $3.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $3.2 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. The interest rate spread decreased to 3.31% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from
3.40% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, and decreased the net interest margin to 3.41% for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 from 3.49% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in our interest rate spread and net interest margin
reflected was offset by an increase in our interest earning assets over interest earning liabilities of $2.0 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016. 

Provision for Loan Losses.  
Based on our analysis of the factors described in  Critical Accounting Policies Allowance for Loan Losses,  we
recorded a provision for loan losses of $143,000 for the nine ended September 30, 2016 and $45,000 for the nine months ended September
30, 2015. See 

Table of Contents   

Comparison of Operating Results for
Three Months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 .  Provision for Loan Losses  for additional information as the
reasons for changes are comparable. 

Non-Interest Income   .  Non-interest
income increased $28,000, or 4.0%, to $724,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $696,000 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. Mortgage banking activities increased $59,000 or 18.7% to $372,000 for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 from $313,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, which includes gains on sale of loans and changes in the value
of mortgage servicing rights. This was offset by decreases in service charges, deposits of $12,000 and other noninterest income
of $19,000. The other non-interest income category decreased $15,000 because late fee charges on loans are down $15,000. 

Non-Interest Expense.   Non-interest
expense increased $121,000, or 3.2%, to $3.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $3.8 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. Salaries and benefits increased $94,000 and data processing increased $16,000. At this time,
we do not expect any reductions in non-interest expenses related to our participation in the defined benefit plan because of the
continued participation in the plan. 

Table of Contents   

Average Balances and Yields.   The
following tables set forth average balance sheets, average yields and costs, and certain other information for the periods indicated.
All average balances are daily average balances. Nonaccrual loans were included in the computation of average balances, but have
been reflected in the table as loans carrying a zero yield. The yields set forth below include the effect of net deferred costs,
discounts and premiums that are accreted to interest income. 

(1)  Yield and rates are annualized.   

(2)  Consists of stock in the FHLB-Indianapolis and interest bearing deposits in other banks.   

(3)  Net interest spread represents the difference between the yield on average interest-earning assets and the cost of average
interest-bearing liabilities.   

(4)  Net interest-earning assets represents total interest-earning assets less total interest-bearing liabilities.   

(5)  Net interest margin represents net interest income divided by average total interest-earning assets.   

Table of Contents   

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Liquidity describes our ability
to meet the financial obligations that arise in the ordinary course of business. Liquidity is primarily needed to meet the borrowing
and deposit withdrawal requirements of our customers and to fund current and planned expenditures. Our primary sources of funds
are deposits, principal and interest payments on loans and securities, proceeds from the sale of loans, and proceeds from maturities
and calls of securities. We also have the ability to borrow from the FHLB-Indianapolis. At September 30, 2016, we had the capacity
to borrow approximately $1.6 million from the FHLB-Indianapolis and an additional $2.0 million on a line of credit with the FHLB-Indianapolis
and the United Bankers Bank. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had $15.0 million and $8.0 million, respectively,
outstanding in advances from the FHLB-Indianapolis. 

While maturities and scheduled
amortization of loans and securities are predictable sources of funds, deposit flows and loan prepayments are greatly influenced
by general interest rates, economic conditions, and competition. Our most liquid assets are cash and short-term investments including
interest-bearing demand deposits. The levels of these assets are dependent on our operating, financing, lending, and investing
activities during any given period. 

Our cash flows are comprised
of three primary classifications: cash flows from operating activities, investing activities, and financing activities. Net cash
provided by operating activities was $668,000 and $128,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
Net cash used in investing activities, which consists primarily of disbursements for loan originations, offset by principal collections
on loan, purchase of securities, proceeds from maturing and callable securities and pay downs of securities was $12.1 million and
$17.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Net cash provided by financing activities was
$18.2 million and $9.3 million, which consisted primarily of the activity in deposit accounts, the Federal Home Loan Bank advances,
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

We are committed to maintaining
a strong liquidity position. We monitor our liquidity position on a daily basis. We anticipate that we will have sufficient funds
to meet our current funding commitments. Based on our deposit retention experience and current pricing strategy, we anticipate
that a significant portion of maturing time deposits will be retained. 

At September 30, 2016, we exceeded
all of our regulatory capital requirements with a Tier 1 leverage capital level of $12.9 million, or 8.98% of adjusted total assets,
which is above the required level of $5.8 million, or 4.00%; the common equity tier 1 capital ratio of $12.9 million, or 12.79
%, which is above the required level of $4.6 million or 4.5%; the tier 1 capital ratio of $12.9 million or 12.79%, which is above
the required level of $6.0 million or 6.0%, and the total capital ratio of $14.2 million, or 13.99% of risk-weighted assets, which
is above the required level of $8.1 million, or 8.0%. We opted-out of the accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) capital
rule that went into effect on January 1, 2015. Implementation of the deductions and other adjustment to Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1)
began on January 1, 2015, and will phase in over a four-year period (beginning at 40% on January 1, 2015, and an additional 20%
per year thereafter). Under the new rule, in order to avoid limitations on capital distributions, including dividend payments and
certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers, a banking organization must hold a capital conservation buffer composed
of CET1 capital above its minimum risk-based capital requirements. The implementation of the capital conservation buffer begins
on January 1, 2016, at the 0.625% level and will phase in over a four-year period (increasing by that amount on each subsequent
January 1 until it reaches 2.5% on January 1, 2019). At December 31, 2015, we exceeded all of our regulatory capital requirements
with a tier 1 leverage capital level of $12.6 million, or 9.42% of adjusted total assets, which is above the required level of
$6.7 million, or 5.00%; and total risk-based capital of $13.7 million, or 15.37% of risk-weighted assets, which is above the required
level of $8.9 million, or 10.00%. Accordingly, the Bank was categorized as well capitalized at September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015. 

Table of Contents   

Management is not aware of any conditions or events
since the most recent notification that would change our category. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements.  In the normal
course of operations, we engage in a variety of financial transactions that, in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting
Principles are not recorded in our financial statements. These transactions involved, to varying degrees, elements of credit, interest
rate and liquidity risk. Such transactions are used primarily to manage customer s request for fun ding and take the form
of loan commitments, lines of credit and standby letters of credit. 

Item 3.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk  

Quantitative and qualitative disclosures
above market risk are not required by smaller reporting companies, such as the Company. 

Item 4.    Controls and Procedures  

An evaluation was performed under
the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the and
Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of September
30, 2016. Based on that evaluation, the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial
Officer, concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

During the quarter ended September
30, 2016, there have been no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Part II   Other Information  

Item 1.    Legal Proceedings  

The Company is subject to various
legal actions arising in the normal course of business. In the opinion of management, the resolution of these legal actions is
not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition or results of operations. 

Item 1A.    Risk Factors  

Disclosure of risk factors is not required by smaller
reporting companies, such as the Company. 

Item 2.    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds  

(a)   There were no sales of unregistered securities during the period covered by this Report.    

(b)  Not applicable.   

Table of Contents   

(c)   There were no issuer repurchases of securities during the period covered by this Report.    

Item 3.    Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

None. 

Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not applicable. 

Item 5.    Other Information  

On October 21, 2016, the Company filed a Form 15 Notice of Termination of Registration under Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Company continues to file SEC reports under Sections 13 and 15(d) and will continue to do so through January 17, 2017. 

Item 6.    Exhibits  

The exhibits required by Item 601
of Regulation S-K are included with this Form 10-Q and are listed on the  Index to Exhibits  immediately following
the signatures. 

Table of Contents   

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Edgewater Bancorp, Inc.   

Date:  November 10, 2016 
      /s/ Richard E. Dyer   

Richard E. Dyer  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

Date:  November 10, 2016 
      /s/ Coleen S. Frens-Rossman   

Coleen S. Frens-Rossman  

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

Table of Contents   

INDEX TO EXHIBITS  

31.1  Certification of Richard E. Dyer, President and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act
of 2002   

31.2  Certification of Coleen S. Frens-Rossman, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the
Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002   

32  Certification of Richard E. Dyer, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Coleen S. Frens-Rossman, Senior Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer, Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002   

101  The following materials from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016,
formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Operations; (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss; (iv) Condensed
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders  Equity; (v) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (v) Notes
to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements*   

*  Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, the Interactive
Data Files on Exhibit 101 hereto are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections
11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise are not subject to liability under these sections. 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 t1602660_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

I, Richard E. Dyer, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Edgewater Bancorp, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly
present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors:   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:  November 10,
    2016  
      /s/ Richard E. Dyer   

Richard E. Dyer   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 t1602660_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

Certification of Chief Financial Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

I, Coleen S. Frens-Rossman, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Edgewater Bancorp, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly
present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors:   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:  November 10,
    2016  
      /s/ Coleen S. Frens-Rossman   

Coleen S. Frens-Rossman   

Senior Vice President and 
         Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 t1602660_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

Richard E. Dyer, President and
Chief Executive Officer of Edgewater Bancorp, Inc., (the  Company ) and Coleen S. Frens-Rossman, Senior Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each certify in his and her capacity as an officer of the Company that he or she has
reviewed the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) and that to the
best of his knowledge: 

1.  
      the Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  
      the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date:  November
    10, 2016  
      /s/ Richard E. Dyer   

Richard E. Dyer   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

Date:  November
    10, 2016  
      /s/ Coleen S. Frens-Rossman   

Coleen S. Frens-Rossman   

Senior Vice President and 
         Chief Financial Officer   

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 edge-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 edge-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 edge-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 edge-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 edge-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 edge-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

