<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1445283_0001564590-16-028797_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5773114</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>367138</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>204775</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1598750</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1642813</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1109328</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>25</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-028797.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110063212
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-028797
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PROTEOSTASIS THERAPEUTICS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001445283
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37695
		FILM NUMBER:		161985910

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 TECHNOLOGY SQUARE
		CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02139
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-225-0096

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 TECHNOLOGY SQUARE
		CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02139

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PROTEOSTASIS THERAPEUTICS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080916

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-028797.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 pti-10q_20160930.htm
 10-Q

pti-10q_20160930.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
   
 Form 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 
 OR 

For the transition period from                        to                        
 Commission file number: 001-37695 
   
 Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware  
 
 20-8436652  

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization)  
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.)  

200 Technology Square, 4th Floor 
 Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139 
 (Address of principal executive office) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (617) 225-0096 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes         No      
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes         No      
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
 
       (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   
 
 Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes         No       
 As of November 8, 2016, there were 24,960,243 shares of the registrant s Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share, outstanding. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. We make such forward-looking statements pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other federal securities laws. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may,   will,   should,   expects,   intends,   plans,   anticipates,   believes,   estimates,   predicts,   potential,   continue  or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: 

the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses, future revenues and capital requirements;     

our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of PTI-428 for any indication, and the labeling under any approval we may obtain;     

the timing of initiation and completion of clinical trials of PTI-428 and our other product candidates;     

intense competition in the CF market and the ability of our competitors, many of whom have greater resources than we do, to offer different, better or lower cost therapeutic alternatives than our product candidates;     

anticipated regulatory developments in the United States and foreign countries;     

anticipated developments with respect to, and the commercial availability of, CFTR modulators with which PTI-428 is intended to be administered, including Vertex s ivacaftor and lumacaftor;     

our plans to develop and commercialize PTI-428 and our combination solutions, including PTI-NC-733, including the initiation, timing, progress and results of our preclinical and clinical studies, and our research and development programs;     

the performance of our third-party manufacturers and clinical research organizations;     

our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our proprietary assets;     

the size and growth of the potential markets for PTI-428 and our combination solutions, and our ability to serve those markets;     

the rate and degree of market acceptance of PTI-428 and our combination solutions for any indication;     

our ability to obtain financing as needed;     

the success of competing products that are or become available for the indications that we are pursuing;     

our ability to hire and retain key scientific and management personnel; and     

other risks and uncertainties, including those listed under Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors.     

 Any forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q reflect our current views with respect to future events or to our future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, among other things, those listed under Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available in the future. 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q also contains estimates, projections and other information concerning our industry, our business, and the markets for certain diseases, including data regarding the estimated size of those markets, and the incidence and prevalence of certain medical conditions. Information that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections, market research or similar methodologies is inherently subject to uncertainties and actual events or circumstances may differ materially from events and circumstances reflected in this information. Unless otherwise expressly stated, we obtained this industry, business, market and other data from reports, research surveys, studies and similar data prepared by market research firms and other third parties, industry, medical and general publications, government data and similar sources. 

2 

Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc.  
 INDEX 

Page  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.  

Financial Statements (unaudited)  

Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015    

4  

Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

5  

Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

6  

Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholder s Equity (Deficit) for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016    

7  

Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

8  

Notes to Financial Statements    

9  

Item 2.  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

18  

Item 3.  

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    

27  

Item 4.  

Management s Evaluation of our Disclosure Controls and Procedures    

27  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1.  

Legal Proceedings    

28  

Item 1A.  

Risk Factors    

28  

Item 2.  

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

59  

Item 6.  

Exhibits    

60  

Signatures      

61  

3 

PART I   FINANC  IAL INFORMATION  
 PROTEOSTASIS THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
     BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying unaudited notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

4 

PROTEOSTASIS THERAPEUTICS, INC.  
   STATEMENTS OF   OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying unaudited notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

5 

PROTEOSTASIS THERAPEUTICS, INC.  
     STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 

6 

PROTEOSTASIS THERAPEUTICS, INC.  
     STATEMENTS OF CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 (In thousands, except share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying unaudited notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

7 

PROTEOSTASIS THERAPEUTICS, INC.  
     STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying unaudited notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

8 

PROTEOSTASIS THERAPEUTICS,   INC.  
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

1.   
 
 Nature of the Business    

 Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. (the  Company ) was incorporated in Delaware on December 13, 2006. The Company is an innovative biopharmaceutical company committed to the discovery and development of novel therapeutics that treat diseases caused by an imbalance in the proteostasis network, a set of pathways that control protein biosynthesis, folding, trafficking and clearance. The Company s initial therapeutic focus is on cystic fibrosis, which is caused by defects in the cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator ( CFTR ) protein and insufficient CFTR protein function. The Company s lead product candidate, PTI-428, is in early clinical development, and the Company s other drug candidates are in the preclinical development and discovery phases. 
 The Company has incurred losses from operations since its inception. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had an accumulated deficit of $148.0 million. The Company has primarily funded its operations with proceeds received from its initial public offerings and sale of convertible preferred stock. As of September 30, 2016, the Company expects that its cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $100.2 million will be sufficient to fund its operating expenses and capital requirements through the second quarter of 2018. 
 Reverse Stock Split 
 On January 19, 2016, the Company effected a 1-for-10.8102 reverse stock split of its issued and outstanding shares of common stock and a proportional adjustment to the existing conversion ratios for each series of the Company s Preferred Stock. Accordingly, all share and per share amounts for all periods presented in the accompanying financial statements and notes thereto have been adjusted retroactively, where applicable, to reflect this reverse stock split and adjustment of the preferred stock conversion ratios. 
 Public Offerings 
 In February 2016, the Company issued and sold 6,250,000 shares of its common stock in its initial public offering ( IPO ) at a public offering price of $8.00 per share, for net proceeds of $42.5 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of $3.5 million and other offering expenses of $4.0 million. Upon the closing of the IPO, all shares of convertible preferred stock then outstanding converted into an aggregate of 9,699,600 shares of common stock, and the Company issued 2,590,742 shares of common stock as payment of $36.0 million of accruing dividends due to holders of Series A preferred stock. In addition, the Company s convertible preferred stock warrant outstanding at the close of the IPO converted to a warrant to purchase common stock. 
 In connection with the completion of the IPO, the Company amended its certificate of incorporation to authorize the future issuance of up to 5,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share. As of September 30, 2016, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 
 In September 2016, the Company issued and sold 5,750,000 shares of its common stock in a public offering at a public offering price of $13.00 per share, for net proceeds of $69.5 million after deducting underwriter discounts and commissions of $4.5 million and other offering expenses of $0.8 million. The foregoing includes the exercise by the underwriters of their options to purchase an additional 750,000 shares of our common stock within 30 days following the date of the final prospectus for the offering. 
        
 Unaudited Interim Financial Information 
 The accompanying unaudited interim financial statements as of September 30, 2016 and for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 have been prepared by the Company, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) for interim financial statements. The year-end balance sheet data was derived from the Company s audited financial statements, but certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. However, the Company believes that the disclosures are adequate to make the information presented not misleading. These interim financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited financial statements and the notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2015 included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2016.  

9 

2.   
 
      Summary of Significant Accounting Policies      

 Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant estimates and assumptions reflected in these financial statements include, but are not limited to, revenue recognition, the accrual for research and development expenses and the valuation of common stock, preferred stock warrant liability and derivative liability. Estimates are periodically reviewed in light of changes in circumstances, facts and experience. Changes in estimates are recorded in the period in which they become known. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 Deferred Offering Costs 
 The Company capitalizes certain legal, professional accounting and other third-party fees that are directly associated with in-process equity financings as deferred offering costs until such financings are consummated. After consummation of the equity financing, these costs are recorded in stockholders  equity (deficit) as a reduction of additional paid-in capital generated as a result of the offering. As of December 31, 2015, the Company had recorded $2.7 million of deferred offering costs in contemplation of the Company s initial public offering. In conjunction with the completion of the IPO, the Company reclassified $4.0 million of deferred offering costs to additional paid-in capital as a reduction of the proceeds from the IPO. In September 30, 2016, the Company reclassified $0.8 million of deferred offering costs to additional paid-in capital as a reduction of the proceeds from the second public offering. 
 Restricted Cash 
 At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, restricted cash consisted of a certificate of deposit collateralizing a letter of credit issued as a security deposit in connection with the Company s lease of its corporate facilities. 
 Cash Equivalents 
 The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. As of September 30, 2016, the Company s cash equivalents consisted of money market funds and U.S. government-sponsored enterprise securities. 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 Certain assets and liabilities are carried at fair value under GAAP. Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. Financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value are to be classified and disclosed in one of the following three levels of the fair value hierarchy, of which the first two are considered observable and the last is considered unobservable: 

Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.     

Level 2 Observable inputs (other than Level 1 quoted prices), such as quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not active for identical or similar assets or liabilities, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.     

Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to determining the fair value of the assets or liabilities, including pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies and similar techniques.     

 The Company s derivative liability, short-term investments and cash equivalents are carried at fair value determined according to the fair value hierarchy described above (see Note 3). The carrying value of cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate their fair value due to the short-term nature of these assets and liabilities. 
 In connection with the automatic conversion of the Company s convertible preferred stock, which occurred upon the listing of the Company s common stock on the NASDAQ on February 10, 2016, the preferred stock warrant became a warrant to purchase common stock and the liability was remeasured at fair value and reclassified to additional paid-in capital. 
 10 

Net Income (Loss) per Sha  re  
 In February 2016, upon the closing of the IPO, all of the outstanding shares of the Company s redeemable convertible preferred stock automatically converted into 9,699,600 shares of the Company s common stock. Prior to this conversion, the Company followed the two-class method when computing net loss per share as the Company had issued shares that met the definition of participating securities. The two-class method determines net loss per share for each class of common and participating securities according to dividends declared or accumulated and participation rights in undistributed earnings. The two-class method requires income available to common stockholders for the period to be allocated between common and participating securities based upon their respective rights to receive dividends as if all income for the period had been distributed. The Company s redeemable convertible preferred stock contractually entitled the holders of such shares to participate in dividends, but did not contractually require the holders of such shares to participate in losses of the Company. Accordingly, the two-class method did not apply for periods in which the Company reported a net loss or a net loss attributable to common stockholders resulting from dividends or accretion related to its redeemable convertible preferred stock. 
 Basic net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders is computed by dividing the net loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders is computed by dividing the diluted net loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares, including potential dilutive common shares assuming the dilutive effect of outstanding stock options and unvested restricted common shares, as determined using the treasury stock method. For periods in which the Company has reported net losses, diluted net loss per common share attributable to common stockholders is the same as basic net loss per common share attributable to common stockholders, since dilutive common shares are not assumed to have been issued if their effect is anti-dilutive. For any period in which the Company has reported net income, basic net income per common share attributable to common stockholders is adjusted for certain amounts to calculate diluted net loss per common share attributable to common stockholders, since dilutive common shares are assumed to have been issued if their effect is dilutive and not to have been issued if their effect is anti-dilutive. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  ( ASU 2014-09 ), which supersedes existing revenue recognition guidance under GAAP. The standard s core principle is that a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The standard defines a five-step process to achieve this principle, and will require companies to use more judgment and make more estimates than under the current guidance. The Company expects that these judgments and estimates will include identifying performance obligations in the customer contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. ASU 2014-09 also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date , which delays the effective date of ASU 2014-09 such that the standard is effective for public entities for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and for interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the standard is permitted for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of ASU 2014-09 will have on its financial statements and related disclosures. 
 In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,  Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern  (ASU 2014-15). The amendments in this update will explicitly require a company s management to assess an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures in certain circumstances. The new standard will be effective in the first annual period ending after December 15, 2016. Early application is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of the adoption of this standard. 
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases.  This guidance will require that lease arrangements longer than 12 months result in an entity recognizing an asset and liability equal to the present value of the lease payments in the statement of financial position. This guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods therein. This standard requires a modified retrospective transition approach for all leases existing at, or entered into after, the date of initial application, with an option to use certain transition relief. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of ASU 2016-17 will have on its financial statements and related disclosures. 
   In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  The new standard involves several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities and classification on the  
 11 

statement of cash flows. The new standard will be effective for the Company on Jan  uary 1, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of ASU 2016-09 will have on its financial   statements   and related disclosures  .  
 In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,  Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing . The new standard clarifies two aspects of ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (Topic 606) : identifying performance obligations and the licensing implementation guidance. This ASU will become effective for the Company on January 1, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of ASU 2016-10 will have on its financial statements and related disclosures. 
 In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments . The new standard clarifies certain aspects of the statement of cash flows, including the classification of debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs, settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments or other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing, contingent consideration payments made after a business combination, proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims, proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies, distributions received from equity method investees and beneficial interests in securitization transactions. The new standard also clarifies that an entity should determine each separately identifiable source or use within the cash receipts and cash payments on the basis of the nature of the underlying cash flows. In situations in which cash receipts and payments have aspects of more than one class of cash flows and cannot be separated by source or use, the appropriate classification should depend on the activity that is likely to be the predominant source or use of cash flows for the item. The new standard will be effective for the Company on January 1, 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of this standard will have on its statements of cash flows. 

3.   
 
 Short Term Investments    

 Short-term investments represent holdings of available-for-sale marketable securities in accordance with the Company s investment policy and cash management strategy. Short-term investments mature within one-year from the balance sheet date. Investments in marketable securities are recorded at fair value, with any unrealized gains and losses, net of taxes, reported as a component of stockholders  equity until realized or until a determination is made that an other-than-temporary decline in market value has occurred. The cost of marketable securities sold is determined based on the specific identification method and any realized gains or losses on the sale of investments are reflected as a component of other expense, net.  The following table summarizes the Company s short term investments as of September 30, 2016 (in thousands):  

The Company did not have any realized gains or losses on its short-term investments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. There were no other-than-temporary impairments recognized for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. The Company did not hold any short-term investments at or during the year ended December 31, 2015. 

12 

4.   
 
      Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities     

 The following tables present information about the Company s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and indicate the level of the fair value hierarchy utilized to determine such fair values (in thousands): 

The Company did not hold any cash equivalents or short-term investments as of December 31, 2015. During the periods ended September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3. 
 Preferred Stock Warrant Liability 
 The warrant liability in the table above is comprised of the fair value of a warrant for the purchase of Series A preferred stock and is based on significant inputs not observable in the market, which represents a Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. On February 10, 2016, upon the closing of the IPO the Series A preferred stock converted into common stock, the preferred stock warrant became exercisable for common stock instead of preferred stock, and the preferred stock warrant liability, was remeasured at the fair value at that time, then reclassified to additional paid-in capital. The following assumptions and inputs were used in determining the fair value of the preferred stock warrant liability valued using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model: 

Derivative Liability 
 The fair value of the derivative liability is based on significant inputs not observable in the market, which represents a Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. The fair value of the derivative instrument was determined using the Monte-Carlo simulation analysis. In determining the fair value of the derivative liability, the inputs impacting fair value include the fair value of the Company s common stock, expected term of the derivative instrument, expected volatility of the common stock price, risk-free interest rate, expected sales-based milestone payments, discount rate, probability of a change of control event, and the probability that the counterparty would elect to accept the alternative cash payment in lieu of its right to the future sales-based milestone payments. 
   
 13 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company determined the per share common stock price available based on publicly traded markets. As of December 31, 2015, the Company determined the per share fair value of the underlying stock price by taking into consideratio  n recent business development and economic factors it deemed relevant. The Company determined the expected term of the instrument to be 2.50 years and 0.12 years as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The Company estimated its expect  ed stock volatility to be 8  1.5  % and 74.1% as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, based on the historical volatility of publicly traded peer companies for terms matching the expected term of the instrument for each respective period.   The risk-free interest rate was determined to be 0.  82  % and 0.14% as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, by reference to the U.S. Treasury yield curve for terms matching the expected term of the instrument for each respective period.  
 Changes in the values of the preferred stock warrant liability and the derivative liability are summarized below (in thousands): 

5.   
 
 Accrued Expenses    

 Accrued expenses consisted of the following (in thousands): 

6.   
 
 Stock-Based Compensation    

 2016 Stock Option and Incentive Plan 
 On February 3, 2016, the Company s stockholders approved the 2016 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the  2016 Plan ), which became effective on February 9, 2016. The 2016 Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units, restricted stock awards and other stock-based awards. The number of shares initially reserved for issuance under the 2016 Plan is 1,581,839 shares. The number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the 2016 Plan will automatically increase on each January 1, beginning on January 1, 2017, by the lesser of 3% of the shares of the Company s common stock outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31 or an amount determined by the Company s board of directors or the compensation committee of the board of directors. The shares of common stock underlying any awards that are forfeited, canceled, repurchased or are otherwise terminated by the Company under the 2016 Plan and the 2008 Plan will be added back to the shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2016 Plan. 
 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 On February 3, 2016, the Company s stockholders approved the 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the  2016 ESPP ), which became effective in connection with the completion of the Company s initial public offering. A total of 138,757 shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under this plan. In addition, the number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the 2016 ESPP will automatically increase on each January 1, beginning on January 1, 2017 and ending on January 1, 2026, by the least of (i) 138,757 shares of common stock, (ii) 1% of the Company s shares of common stock outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31 and (iii) an amount determined by the Company s board of directors or the compensation committee of the board of directors. 
 14 

Stock-Based Compensation  
 The Company grants stock-based awards under the 2016 Plan and is authorized to issue common stock under the 2016 ESPP. The Company also has outstanding stock options under its 2008 Equity Incentive Plan, but is no longer granting awards under this plan. As of September 30, 2016, 1,260,609 shares of common stock were available for issuance under the 2016 Plan. As of September 30, 2016, 138,757 shares of common stock were available for issuance to participating employees under the 2016 ESPP. Stock-based compensation expense was classified in the statements of operations and comprehensive loss as follows (in thousands): 

Prior to 2013, the Company issued options to purchase 203,964 shares of common stock to non-employees, primarily members of the Company s scientific advisory board, that vest upon the achievement of specified development and clinical milestones. As of September 30, 2016, options for the purchase of 83,250 shares held by non-employees remained unvested, pending achievement of the specified milestones, and had an aggregate fair value of $1.1 million. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company did not grant any options to non-employees. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 the Company did not record any stock-based compensation expense for options granted to non-employees prior to 2013. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense for options granted to non-employees prior to 2013 of less than $(0.1)  million and $(0.1)  million, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company granted 12,103 shares of common stock to a non-employee as compensation under the Letter Agreement described in Note 10. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded $0.1 million of stock-based compensation expense for shares granted to a non-employee.  
 Stock-based compensation expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was reduced by $0.5 million for the cumulative correction of immaterial errors associated with the recognition of stock-based compensation for certain stock options with performance-based vesting conditions. Of this amount, $0.2 million related to years prior to 2015 and $0.3 million related to the three months ended March 31, 2015. Based upon its evaluation of relevant factors, the Company concluded that the uncorrected errors in its previously issued financial statements for any of the periods affected are immaterial and that the impact of recording the cumulative correction during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 is not material to the Company s results for the year ending December 31, 2015. 

7.   
 
 Collaboration Agreement    

 Astellas 
 In May 2016, the Company entered into a fourth amendment, effective as of January 31, 2016, to the Collaborative Research, Development, Commercialization and License Agreement (as further amended the  Astellas Agreement ) with Astellas Pharma Inc. ( Astellas ). In connection with the amendment, in June 2016 the Company received a payment of $1.0 million to conduct certain experiments in order to gain additional data on compounds being researched. The payment is being recognized by the Company as revenue over the three and a half year research term of the agreement, which commenced in January 2015, with a cumulative catch-up for the elapsed portion of the research term. 
 In July 2016, the Company entered into a fifth amendment effective as of July 31, 2016, to the Astellas Agreement as a result of achieving a pre-clinical milestone and progressing to the optimization phase. These amendments provide for the Joint Research Committee to evaluate the progress at various intervals throughout the lead optimization phase. In connection with the amendment, the Company received a payment of a $0.8 million non-substantive milestone payment which is being recognized, over the three and half-year research term of the agreement, with a cumulative catch-up for the elapsed portion of the research term. 
 15 

Biogen  
 In December 2015, the Company commenced the third year of the research term under the Collaborative Research, Development, Commercialization and License Agreement (the  Biogen Agreement ) with Biogen New Ventures ( Biogen ). Under the original terms of the agreement, beginning in the third year and continuing through the fourth year of the research term, the Company is entitled to receive reimbursement of costs incurred for actual full-time equivalent employees conducting research under the Biogen agreement. During the first two years of the research term the Company received research funding payments on a guaranteed basis in the amount of $4.0 million. The Company is not guaranteed to receive additional research funding payments throughout the remainder of the research term. Payments received as reimbursement for actual costs incurred will be accounted for in the same manner as the guaranteed research funding payments, such that the payments will be recognized over the four-year research term of the agreement, which commenced in December 2013, with a cumulative catch-up for the elapsed research term being recognized at the time any such payments are earned. 

8.   
 
 Income Taxes    

 The Company did not record a federal or state income tax benefit for its losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 due to the conclusion that a full valuation allowance is required against the Company s deferred tax assets.   

9.   
 
 Net Loss per Share    

 Basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders was calculated as follows (in thousands, except share and per share amounts): 

The Company s potential dilutive securities, which include stock options, convertible preferred stock as converted to common stock and a warrant to purchase preferred stock, have been excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share as the effect would be to reduce the net loss per share. Therefore, the weighted average number of common shares outstanding used to calculate both basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders is the same. 
 The  Company has reported a net loss for all periods presented. Therefore, diluted net loss per common share is the same as basic net loss per common share. The following potentially dilutive securities outstanding, prior to the use of the treasury stock method or if-converted method, have been excluded from the computation of diluted weighted-average shares outstanding, because such securities had an antidilutive impact due to the losses reported : 

16 

10.   
 
      Commitments and Contingencies     

 Dr. Stelios Papadopoulos 
 In May 2016 the Company entered into a Letter Agreement with Dr. Stelios Papadopoulos with an effective date of July 1, 2016 and a term of 36 months. Under the terms of the Letter Agreement, Dr. Papadopoulos will provide certain consulting and advisory services to the Company as and when requested. The Company will pay a quarterly retainer of $0.2 million to Dr. Papadopoulos for the duration of the Letter Agreement with aggregate fees totaling $2.5 million over the term of the Letter Agreement. The retainer may be paid in cash, common stock of the Company or a combination of the two at the discretion of the Company. Any common stock issued in settlement of payments due under this agreement will be valued at the average closing price of the stock for 20 trading days, as listed on the NASDAQ, ending three trading days prior to the issuance of the shares. Additionally, under the terms of the Letter Agreement, if the Company consummates a merger and acquisition ( M A) transaction, as defined in the Letter Agreement, with another party during the term of the Agreement or the 12-month period following the expiration of the Letter Agreement, Dr. Papadopoulos will be entitled to a M A transaction fee equal to 1% of the value of the transaction, as defined in the Letter Agreement. 

17 

Item 2.   
 
            Management s       Discussion and Analysis o  f Financial Condition and Results   of Operation     

 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and the results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q ( Quarterly Report ) and our audited financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (the  Annual Report ) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2016. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Quarterly Report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. As a result of many factors, including those factors set forth in the  Risk Factors  section in our Annual Report and in this Quarterly Report, our actual results could differ materially from the results described, in or implied, by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. 
 Overview 
 We are an innovative biopharmaceutical company committed to the discovery and development of novel therapeutics that treat diseases caused by an imbalance in the proteostasis network, a set of pathways that control protein biosynthesis, folding, trafficking and clearance. Leveraging our unique and comprehensive expertise of the proteostasis network, we have developed the Disease Relevant Translation, or DRT, technology platform, a validated drug screening approach for identifying highly translatable therapeutics based on predictive and functionally pertinent phenotypic assays and disease relevant models. Using this proprietary platform, we identified a new class of small molecules, which we call amplifiers, that modulate proteins in the proteostasis network. Our initial therapeutic focus is on cystic fibrosis, or CF, which is caused by defects in the cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator, or CFTR, protein and insufficient CFTR protein function. We are initially developing and intend to commercialize our lead amplifier of CFTR protein, PTI-428, to improve CFTR protein function. 
 Our lead product candidate PTI-428 is an orally bioavailable CFTR modulator belonging to the amplifier class. CFTR modulators are compounds that affect the folding, trafficking and clearance of CFTR protein and can be classified according to the ways in which they affect CFTR protein. Amplifiers, which include PTI-428, are CFTR modulators that selectively increase the amount of an unfolded form of CFTR protein to provide additional substrate for other CFTR modulators, such as certain correctors and potentiators, to act upon. Using industry-standard  in vitro  studies, we have confirmed that co-administration of PTI-428 with other CFTR modulators significantly improves the  in vitro  CFTR protein activity achieved by those CFTR modulators alone. 
 In December 2015, the investigational new drug application, or IND, that we submitted to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, for a Phase 1 clinical trial to evaluate our PTI-428 product candidate became effective. We initiated our first Phase 1 clinical trial in the first quarter of 2016, to assess safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetics in CF subjects. We initiated the second Phase 1 study of PTI-428 in healthy volunteers to assess potential drug-drug interactions with oral contraceptives in the second quarter of 2016 and have initiated the additional cohorts described below. The Phase 1 trial in CF patients includes single ascending dose, or SAD, multiple ascending dose, or MAD, and proof-of-concept cohorts. The Phase 1 in healthy volunteers includes SAD and MAD cohorts to assess the safety, pharmacokinetic and exploratory biomarker results as well as drug-drug interaction, or DDI, cohort to assess the potential for DDIs between oral contraceptives and PTI-428. We have reported preliminary safety, pharmacokinetic and exploratory biomarker data from subjects in some of the other cohorts in the Phase 1 clinical trial in healthy volunteers and CF subjects. We aim to have substantially complete topline proof of concept efficacy data in a total of 20 CF patients on the standard of care of Orkambi in the first quarter of 2017. We expect to assess improvement in lung function, as measured by forced expiratory volume in one second, or FEV 1, as well as other endpoints such as sweat chloride, over four weeks of dosing. We have also received notification from the regulatory authority in Canada allowing us to expand the Phase 1 study in patients.  
 We are leveraging our DRT technology platform and other expertise to design and develop our own correctors and potentiators that are optimized to work more synergistically with PTI-428 than other third-party CFTR modulators. We believe there is significant potential for improvement in clinical outcomes beyond existing treatments and therapies presently in clinical development for the treatment of CF.  
 Our drug discovery efforts include building a broader CFTR modulator pipeline, intended to include our own proprietary correctors and potentiators. For example, the Company has nominated its CFTR modulators PTI-801 as a corrector and PTI-808 as a potentiator as clinical candidates. In combination with PTI-428, the three compounds together comprise PTI-NC-733. We aim to be substantially ready to file an IND for each of PTI-801 and PTI-808 by the end of 2016, subject to satisfactory completion of our toxicology and other preclinical testing to support such applications.  We are also progressing the development of proprietary back-ups for these candidates. 
   Since our inception in 2006, we have devoted substantially all of our resources to organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, acquiring and developing product and technology rights, and conducting research and development activities  
 18 

for our product candidates. We do not have any products approved for sale and have not generated any revenue from product sales. We have funded our operations to date with proceeds from the sale of preferred stock, the issuance of convertible promis  sory notes, proceeds from our initial public offering in February 2016, our follow-on public offering in September 2016, and, to a lesser extent, payments received in connection with collaboration agreements and a research grant.  
 On February 10, 2016, we completed an initial public offering, or IPO, of our common stock, and issued and sold 6,250,000 shares of common stock at a public offering price of $8.00 per share, resulting in net proceeds of approximately $42.5 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses. Upon the listing of our common stock on The NASDAQ Global Select Market, or NASDAQ, on February 11, 2016, all outstanding shares of the Company s convertible preferred stock automatically converted into 9,699,600 shares of the Company s common stock and 2,590,742 common shares were issued for payment of $36.0 million of accruing dividends due to the holders of Series A preferred stock. 
 In September 2016, we completed a follow-on offering of our common stock and issued and sold 5,750,000 shares of our common stock in a public offering at a public offering price of $13.00 per share, resulting in net proceeds of $69.5 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of $4.5 million and other offering expenses of $0.8 million. The foregoing includes the exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase an additional 750,000 shares of our common stock within 30 days following the date of the final prospectus for the offering. 
 Since our inception, we have incurred significant operating losses. Our net losses were $10.8 million and $7.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively and $27.8 million and $19.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. As of September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $148.0 million. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses for at least the next several years. We expect our expenses and capital requirements will increase substantially in connection with our ongoing activities, as we: 

seek regulatory approval for our product candidates;     

hire personnel to support our product development, commercialization and administrative efforts; and     

advance the research and development efforts of our DRT technology platform and other product candidates.     

 We will not generate revenue from product sales unless and until we successfully complete clinical development and obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates. If we obtain regulatory approval for any of our product candidates, we expect to incur significant expenses related to developing our internal commercialization capability to support product sales, marketing and distribution. Further, we expect to incur additional costs going forward associated with operating as a public company. 
 As a result, we will need substantial additional funding to support our continuing operations and pursue our growth strategy. Until such time as we can generate significant revenue from product sales, if ever, we expect to finance our operations through the sale of public or private equity, debt financings or other capital sources, including potential collaborations with other companies or other strategic transactions. We may be unable to raise additional funds or enter into such other agreements or arrangements when needed on favorable terms, or at all. If we fail to raise capital or enter into such agreements as, and when, needed, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development and commercialization of one or more of our product candidates. 
 Components of our Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 To date, we have not generated any revenue from product sales and do not expect to generate any revenue from the sale of products in the foreseeable future. All of our revenue during the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 has been derived from our collaboration agreements with Astellas and Biogen. 
   Under the Astellas collaboration agreement, entered into in November 2014, we recognized revenue of $1.0 million and $0.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively and $2.2 million and $0.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We recognize revenue from all upfront payments, research funding payments, non-substantive milestone payments and reimbursements of third-party costs under this arrangement, together as a single unit, over the three and a half-year research term, which commenced in January 2015, with a cumulative catch-up for the elapsed portion of the research  
 19 

services being recognized at the time any non-substantive milestone payment or other consideration is earned. Amounts recorded as deferred revenue under the Astellas collaboration agreement totaled $3.  2   million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  
 In May 2016, we entered into a fourth amendment, effective as of January 31, 2016, to the Collaboration and License Agreement with Astellas Pharma, Inc. In connection with such amendment, in June 2016 we received a payment of $1.0 million to conduct certain experiments during the period from February 1, 2016 through July 31, 2016. During this period, we did not receive any other payment or reimbursement under the agreement. The payment is being recognized over research term of the agreement with a cumulative catch-up for the elapsed portion of the research term being recognized at the time any such payments are earned. In July 2016, we entered into a fifth amendment effective as of July 31, 2016, to the Collaboration and License Agreement with Astellas Pharma, Inc. as a result of achieving a pre-clinical milestone and have progressing to the optimization phase. The amendment provides for the Joint Research Committee to evaluate the progress at various intervals throughout the optimization phase. The amendment provides for the Joint Research Committee to evaluate the progress at various intervals throughout the optimization phase. In connection with the amendment, the Company received a $0.8 million non-substantive milestone payment which is being recognized, over the three and a half-year research term of the agreement, with a cumulative catch-up for the elapsed portion of the research term. 
 Under the Biogen collaboration agreement, we recognized revenue of $0.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and $2.1 million and $2.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We recognize revenue from all upfront license payments, research funding payments, non-substantive milestone payments and reimbursements of third-party costs under this arrangement, together as a single unit, over the four-year research term, which commenced in December 2013, with a cumulative catch-up for the elapsed portion of the research services being recognized at the time any non-substantive milestone payment or other consideration is earned. Amounts recorded as deferred revenue under the Biogen collaboration agreement totaled $3.1 million and $5.1 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. In December 2015, we commenced the third year of the research term under the Biogen collaboration agreement. Under the original terms of the agreement, beginning in the third year and continuing through the fourth year of the research term, we are entitled to receive reimbursement of costs incurred for actual full-time equivalent employees conducting research under the Biogen agreement. During the first two years of the research term, we received research funding payments on a guaranteed basis in the amount of $4.0 million. 
 We expect that any future revenue recognized under the collaboration agreements will fluctuate from quarter to quarter as a result of the uncertain timing of future milestone payments and the uncertain quantity of our research services provided from quarter to quarter. Further, subject to the terms and conditions of our collaboration agreements, our collaborators have certain unilateral rights to discontinue their participation in the research activities and, as a result, future payments to us under the agreements. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses, which include costs of research services incurred in connection with our collaboration agreements and research grant, consist primarily of costs incurred in connection with the discovery and development of our product candidates, which include: 

employee-related expenses, including salaries, related benefits, travel and stock-based compensation expense for employees engaged in research and development functions;     

expenses incurred in connection with the preclinical and clinical development of our product candidates and under agreements with contract research organizations, or CROs;     

facilities, depreciation and other expenses, which include direct and allocated expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities, insurance and supplies; and     

payments made under third-party licensing agreements.     

 We expense research and development costs as incurred. We recognize external development costs based on an evaluation of the progress to completion of specific tasks using information provided to us by our service providers. 
 Our direct research and development expenses are tracked on a program-by-program basis and consist primarily of external costs, such as fees paid to consultants, central laboratories, contractors and CROs in connection with our preclinical development activities. We do not allocate employee costs, costs associated with our platform technology and facility expenses, including depreciation or other indirect costs, to specific product development programs because these costs are deployed across multiple product development programs and, as such, are not separately classified. We use internal resources to manage our preclinical development activities and perform data analysis for such activities. These employees work across multiple development programs and, therefore, we do not track their costs by program. 
 20 

The   table   below summarizes our research and development   expenses incurred by development program:  

We expect that our expenses will increase substantially in connection with our ongoing preclinical development activities and our clinical trials. At this time, we cannot reasonably estimate the costs for completing the clinical development of PTI-428 for the treatment of CF or the cost associated with the development of any of our other product candidates. 
 The successful development and commercialization of our product candidates is highly uncertain. This is due to the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with product development and commercialization, including the uncertainty of: 

the scope, progress, outcome and costs of our preclinical development activities, clinical trials and other research and development activities;     

establishing an appropriate safety profile with IND-enabling studies;     

successful patient enrollment in, and the initiation and completion of, clinical trials;     

the timing, receipt and terms of any marketing approvals from applicable regulatory authorities;     

establishing commercial manufacturing capabilities or making arrangements with third-party manufacturers;     

obtaining, maintaining, defending and enforcing patent claims and other intellectual property rights;     

significant and changing government regulation;     

launching commercial sales of our product candidates, if and when approved, whether alone or in collaboration with others; and     

maintaining a continued acceptable safety profile of the product candidates following approval.     

 Any changes in the outcome of any of these variables with respect to the development of our product candidates in preclinical and clinical development could mean a significant change in the costs and timing associated with the development of these product candidates. For example, if the FDA or another regulatory authority were to delay our planned start of clinical trials or require us to conduct clinical trials or other testing beyond those that we currently expect or if we experience significant delays in enrollment in any of our planned clinical trials, we could be required to expend significant additional financial resources and time on the completion of clinical development of that product candidate. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and related costs, including stock-based compensation, for personnel in executive, finance and administrative functions. General and administrative expenses also include direct and allocated facility-related costs as well as professional fees for legal, patent, consulting, accounting and audit services. 
 We anticipate that our general and administrative expenses will increase in the future as we increase our headcount to support our continued research activities and development of our product candidates. We also anticipate that we will incur increased accounting, audit, legal, regulatory, compliance, expenses related to the Board of Directors, director and officer insurance costs as well as investor and public relations expenses associated with being a public company. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Interest Income . Interest income consists of interest earned on cash equivalents and short-term investments held by us during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. There were no cash equivalents or short-term investments held by us during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
 21 

Interest Expense  . Interest expense consists of interest accrued on $15.0 million in convertible promissory notes we issued during 2015 and 2014, all of which notes and accrued interest   were converted into Series B preferred stock in September 2015.  
 Other Income (Expense), Net . Other income (expense), net consists primarily of the gains or losses associated with the changes in the fair values of our preferred stock warrant liability and our derivative liability. We previously issued a warrant for the purchase of our Series A preferred stock that we believe is a financial instrument that may require a transfer of assets because of the redemption features of the underlying stock. Therefore, we have classified this warrant as a liability that we have remeasured to fair value at each reporting period, and we have recorded the changes in the fair value as a component of other income (expense), net. Upon the closing of our initial public offering in February 2016, the underlying convertible preferred stock was converted into common stock, the preferred stock warrant became exercisable for common stock instead of preferred stock, and the fair value of the warrant liability was reclassified to additional paid-in capital. The derivative liability relates to a cash settlement option associated with the change of control provision in our CFFT collaboration agreement, which meets the definition of a derivative. Therefore, we have classified this derivative as a liability that we remeasure to fair value at each reporting period, and we record the changes in the derivative liability as a component of other income (expense), net.  
 Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 
 Our financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, or GAAP. The preparation of our financial statements and related disclosures requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our financial statements. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. 
 Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, there were no material changes to our critical accounting policies. Our critical accounting policies are described under the heading  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, on March 30, 2016 and the notes to the financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We believe that of our critical accounting policies, the following accounting policies involve the most judgment and complexity: 

revenue recognition;     

accrued research and development expenses;     

stock-based compensation;     

valuation of preferred stock warrant liability; and     

valuation of derivative liability.     

 Accordingly, we believe the policies set forth above are critical to fully understanding and evaluating our financial condition and results of operations. If actual results or events differ materially from the estimates, judgments and assumptions used by us in applying these policies, our reported financial condition and results of operations could be materially affected. 
 22 

Results of Operations  
 Comparison of Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands): 

Revenue 
 Revenue was $1.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $1.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase of $0.5 million was the result of an increase in revenue recognized from our collaboration with Astellas. The increase in revenue from the Astellas collaboration in the 2016 period was primarily the result of the $1.8 million payments received under the fourth and fifth amendments of the agreement. Payments received under the agreement are recognized as revenue over the research term, with a cumulative catch-up for the elapsed research term being recognized at the time any such payments are earned.  
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses were $9.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $6.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase of $2.9 million was primarily due to an increase of $2.6 million related to activities supporting our Phase 1 clinical trials of PTI-428 which commenced during the first quarter of 2016. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses were $3.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $1.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase of $1.8 million in in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to an increase of $0.6 million in professional fees and an increase of $0.3 million in occupancy and other facility-related costs. Additionally, there was an increase of $0.8 million in personnel-related costs, including $0.3 million in employee stock-based compensation expense and $0.1 million in non-employee stock-based compensation expense. 
 Interest Income 
 We recorded interest income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 of an immaterial amount as compared to no interest income for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was due to interest earned on cash equivalents and short-term investments held during the three months ended September 30, 2016. There were no cash equivalents or short-term investments outstanding during the three months ended September 30, 2015. 
 Interest Expense 
 We recorded no interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $0.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was due to interest accrued on principal amount of our convertible promissory notes issued during 2014 and 2015, prior to the conversion of all of our outstanding convertible promissory notes and accrued interest thereon into shares of Series B preferred stock in September 2015. 
 23 

Other Expense, Net  
 We recorded an immaterial amount of other expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0.3 of other income for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The $0.2 million net decrease in other expense was primarily due to the decrease in the fair value of our derivative liability during the second half of 2015. 
 Comparison of Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands): 

Revenue 
 Revenue was $4.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $3.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase of $1.2 million was the result of an increase of $1.3 million of revenue recognized from our collaboration with Astellas. The increase in revenue from the Astellas collaboration in the 2016 period was the result of the $1.8 million payments received under the fourth and fifth amendments of the agreement. Payments received under the agreement are recognized as revenue over the research term, with a cumulative catch-up for the elapsed research term being recognized at the time any such payments are earned. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses were $23.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $16.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase of $6.8 million was primarily due to an increase of $7.8 million in costs incurred in advancing the preclinical and clinical development of our CF program, of which $3.9 million related to activities supporting our Phase 1 clinical trials of PTI-428 which commenced during the first quarter of 2016. Additionally, there was an increase of $1.4 million in personnel-related costs, of which $0.4 million was related to stock-based compensation expense. These increases were offset by a decrease of $2.0 million in costs incurred on our Usp14 program as we focused our resources on the clinical development of PTI-428. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses were $8.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $4.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase of $4.1 million in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to an increase of $2.2 million in professional fees primarily associated with our SEC filings as a result of becoming a public company, including annual and quarterly filings and proxy statements. Additionally, facility-related costs increased by $0.5 million and personnel-related costs increased by $1.3 million, including $0.7 million in employee stock-based compensation expense and $0.1 million in non-employee stock-based compensation expense. 
 24 

Interest Income  
 We recorded less than $0.1 million of interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to no interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was due to interest earned on cash equivalents and short-term investments held during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. There were no cash equivalents or short-term investments outstanding during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
 Interest Expense 
 We recorded no interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $0.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The decrease was due to interest accrued on principal amount of our convertible promissory notes issued during 2014 and 2015, prior to the conversion of all of our outstanding convertible promissory notes and accrued interest thereon into shares of Series B preferred stock in September 2015. 
 Other Expense, Net 
 We recorded an immaterial amount of other expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0.6 million other expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The $0.6 million net decrease in other expense was primarily due to the decrease in the fair value of our derivative liability during 2015. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Since our inception, we have incurred significant operating losses. We have generated limited revenue to date from our collaboration agreements and research grant. We have not yet commercialized any of our product candidates, which are in various phases of preclinical development, and we do not expect to generate revenue from sales of any product for several years, if at all. We have funded our operations to date with proceeds received from our initial public offering and subsequent follow-on offering, the sale of preferred stock, the issuance of convertible promissory notes and, to a lesser extent, payments received in connection with collaboration agreements and a research grant. As of September 30, 2016, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $100.2 million. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our sources and uses of cash for each of the periods presented (in thousands): 

Operating Activities.  Net cash used in operating activities was $27.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $12.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The $14.9 million increase in cash used in operating activities was primarily driven by a higher net loss of $8.4 million and fluctuations of $6.4 million in working capital for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in the prior year.  
 Investing Activities.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we used $56.3 million of cash in investing activities as a result from our purchases of short-term investments in the third quarter of 2016.  
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we used $0.2 million of cash in investing activities, consisting of purchases of property and equipment. 
 Financing Activities.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net cash provided by financing activities was $114.1 million, primarily resulting from gross proceeds of $116.8 million from the sale of common stock in connection with the initial and follow-on public offerings, partially offset by payments of $2.8 million of initial public offering costs.  
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, net cash used by financing activities was $25.2,  primarily resulting from net proceeds of $21.1 million from the sale of Series B preferred stock and proceeds of $5.0 million from the issuance of convertible promissory notes, partially offset by payments of $0.9 million of initial public offering costs . 
 25 

Operating Capital Requirements  
 We expect our expenses to increase substantially in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we advance the preclinical activities and clinical trials of our product candidates in development. In addition, we expect to incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company. 
 Our expenses will also increase as we: 

pursue the clinical development of our most advanced product candidates, including PTI-428;     

continue the research and development of our other product candidates;     

seek to identify and develop additional product candidates;     

seek marketing approvals for any of our product candidates that successfully complete clinical development;     

develop and expand our sales, marketing and distribution capabilities for our product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval;     

scale up our manufacturing processes and capabilities to support our ongoing preclinical activities and clinical trials of our product candidates and commercialization of any of our product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval;     

maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio;     

expand our operational, financial and management systems and increase personnel, including personnel to support our clinical development, manufacturing and commercialization efforts and our operations as a public company; and     

increase our product liability and clinical trial insurance coverage as we initiate our clinical trials and commercialization efforts.     

 Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with research, development and commercialization of pharmaceutical drugs, we are unable to estimate the exact amount of our working capital requirements. Our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including: 

the number and characteristics of the product candidates we pursue;     

the scope, progress, results and costs of researching and developing our product candidates, and conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials;     

the timing of, and the costs involved in, obtaining regulatory approvals for our product candidates;     

the timing of, and costs involved in, manufacturing our drug candidates and any drugs we successfully commercialize;     

our ability to establish and maintain strategic collaborations, licensing or other arrangements and the financial terms of such agreements;     

delays that may be caused by changing regulatory requirements;     

cost and timing of hiring new employees to support our continued growth;     

the costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining, defending and enforcing patent claims, including litigation costs and the outcome of such litigation; and     

the timing, receipt and amount of sales of, or milestone payments related to or royalties on, our current or future product candidates, if any.     

   Until such time, if ever, as we can generate product revenue sufficient to achieve profitability, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, collaboration agreements, other third-party funding, strategic alliances, licensing arrangements or marketing and distribution arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a common stockholder. Debt financing and preferred equity financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we raise additional funds through other third-party funding, collaborations agreements, strategic alliances, licensing arrangements or marketing and distribution arrangements, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when  
 26 

needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our produ  ct development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market products or product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves.  
 Based upon our current operating plan, we believe our existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements through the first half of 2018. 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 The following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of September 30, 2016 and the effects that such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in future periods (in thousands): 

(1)   
 
 Amounts in the table reflect payments due for our lease of office and laboratory space in Cambridge, Massachusetts under an operating lease agreement that, as amended, expires in May 2018.    

(2)   
 
 We have entered into an agreement with Dr. Stelios Papadopoulos to provide consulting and advisory services as and when requested. We will pay a quarterly retainer of $0.2 million to Dr. Papadopoulos over three-year term for a total of $2.5 million. The quarterly retainer may be settled in cash, common stock of the Company or a combination thereof, at our discretion.    

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We did not have during the periods presented, and we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Item  3.   
 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks    

 Interest Rate Fluctuation Risk 
 Our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments as of September 30, 2016, consisted of money market funds, government-sponsored enterprise securities and U.S. treasury securities. The primary objectives of our investment activities are to preserve principal, provide liquidity and maximize income without significantly increasing risk. Our primary exposure to market risk is interest income sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general level of U.S. interest rates. However, because of the nature of the instruments in our portfolio, a sudden change in market interest rates would not be expected to have a material impact on our financial condition and/or results of operation. 

Item  4.   
 
     Management s Evaluation of our Disclosure Controls and Procedures.    

 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 is (1) recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer, who is our principal executive officer, and our Chief Financial Officer, who is also our principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 As of September 30, 2016, our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934). Our management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded based upon the evaluation described above that, as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

27 

PART II   OTHE  R INFORMATION  

Item  1.   
 
     Legal Proceedings    

 In the ordinary course of business, we are from time to time involved in lawsuits, claims, investigations, proceedings, and threats of litigation relating to intellectual property, commercial arrangements, employment and other matters. While the outcome of these proceedings and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, as of September 30, 2016, we were not party to any material pending legal proceedings, and we are not aware of any claims or actions pending or threatened against us that would have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Item  1A.   
 
     Risk Factors    

 Risks Relating to Our Business 
 We have incurred significant losses since our inception. We anticipate that we will continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future, and we may never achieve or maintain profitability. 
 We are a drug development company focused primarily on developing our lead product candidate, PTI-428, for the treatment of CF. We have incurred significant net losses in each year since our inception, including net losses of $15.7 million, $15.8 million and $25.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2014 and 2015, respectively, and $19.4 million and $27.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $148.0 million. 
 To date, we have financed our operations primarily through the sale of equity securities and debt financings. We have devoted most of our financial resources to research and development, including our preclinical and clinical development activities. We have not completed the development of any of our product candidates. We expect to continue to incur significant and increasing losses and negative cash flows for the foreseeable future. The size of our losses will depend, in part, on the rate of future expenditures and our ability to generate revenues. In particular, we expect to incur substantial and increased expenses as we: 

continue the clinical development of our lead product candidate, PTI-428, for the treatment of CF;     

seek to obtain regulatory approvals for PTI-428;     

conduct our ongoing clinical trials and prepare for additional clinical trials and potential commercialization of PTI-428;     

scale up contracted manufacturing processes and quantities to conduct our ongoing clinical trials and prepare for additional clinical trials and the commercialization of PTI-428 for any indications for which we receive regulatory approval;     

establish outsourcing of the commercial manufacturing of PTI-428 for any indications for which we may receive regulatory approval;     

establish an infrastructure for the sales, marketing and distribution of PTI-428 for any indications for which we may receive regulatory approval;     

advance our combination therapy candidates, PTI-801 and PTI-808, components of PTI-NC-733, as a treatment for CF into Phase 1 and Phase 2 clinical trials;     

expand our research and development activities and advance the discovery and development programs for other product candidates;     

maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio;     

continue our research and development efforts and seek to discover additional product candidates; and     

add operational, financial and management information systems and personnel, including personnel to support our clinical development and commercialization efforts and operations as a public company.     

 To become and remain profitable, we must succeed in developing and eventually commercializing products with significant market potential. This will require us to be successful in a range of challenging activities, including discovering product candidates, completing preclinical testing and clinical trials of our product candidates, obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval for these product candidates, and manufacturing, marketing and selling those products. We are only in the preliminary stages of these activities. 
 28 

None of our product candidates have been approved or commercialized. We may never succeed in obtaining   regulatory approval for or commercializing any of our product candidates. If our product candidates are not approved or commercialized, if any products that do receive regulatory approvals later show unanticipated properties (for example, unexpected safety   issues), or if revenues from any products that do receive regulatory approvals are insufficient, we will not achieve profitability and our business may fail.  
 Even if we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to become and remain profitable would depress the value of our company and could impair our ability to raise capital, expand our business, diversify our product offerings or continue our operations. A decline in the value of our company could cause you to lose all or part of your investment. 
 Our ability to generate future revenues from product sales is uncertain and depends upon our ability to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize our product candidates, as well as the receipt and/or maintenance of regulatory approval of products and product candidates under development by third parties that our product candidates will or may in the future depend on. 
 Our ability to generate revenue and achieve profitability depends on our ability, alone or with collaborators, to successfully complete the development of, obtain the necessary regulatory approvals for, and commercialize, a product candidate. Our PTI-428 development program is currently focused on demonstrating its clinical benefit for CF patients. If PTI-428 is approved, it may be approved for co-administration with ivacaftor and lumacaftor. We do not anticipate generating revenues from sales of PTI-428 or any product candidate for the foreseeable future, if ever. Our ability to generate future revenues from product sales depends heavily on: 

Vertex s continued compliance with regulatory requirements, the continued commercial availability of ivacaftor and lumacaftor, the reimbursement of their cost to CF patients by insurers and their overall success on the market;     

the successful regulatory approval and commercial launch of CFTR modulators other than ivacaftor and lumacaftor that we desire to test for administration with PTI-428;     

obtaining favorable results for and advancing the development of PTI-428, including successfully completing our ongoing clinical trials and initiating and completing additional clinical trials;     

obtaining regulatory approval in the United States of PTI-428 for CF and equivalent foreign regulatory approvals;     

launching and commercializing PTI-428, including building a production infrastructure and a sales force, and collaborating with third parties;     

achieving broad market acceptance of PTI-428 in the medical community and with third-party payors; and     

generating a pipeline of product candidates other than PTI-428, such as our novel combination solutions comprised of our own CFTR modulators such as PTI-801 and PTI-808.     

 Conducting preclinical testing and clinical trials is a time-consuming, expensive and uncertain process that takes years to complete, and we may never generate the data necessary to obtain regulatory approval and achieve product sales. Our anticipated development costs would likely increase if we do not obtain favorable results or if development of any product candidate is delayed. In particular, if we are required by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, and comparable regulatory authorities in other countries to perform studies or trials in addition to those that we currently expect to undertake, we would likely incur higher costs than we anticipate. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with pharmaceutical product development, we are unable to predict the timing or amount of any increase in our anticipated development costs. 
 In addition, our product candidates, if approved, may not achieve commercial success. Our commercial revenues, if any, will be derived from sales of products that we do not expect to be commercially available for several years, if at all. Even if one or more of our product candidates is approved for commercial sale, we anticipate incurring significant costs in connection with commercialization. As a result, we cannot assure you that we will be able to generate revenues from sales of any approved product candidates, or that we will achieve or maintain profitability even if we do generate sales. 
 We will require additional capital to fund our operations. If we fail to obtain additional capital, we could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our product development programs, seek corporate partners for the development of our product development programs or relinquish or license on unfavorable terms our rights to technologies or product candidates. 
 Developing pharmaceutical products, including conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials, is a time-consuming, expensive and uncertain process that takes years to complete. We expect our research and development expenses to substantially increase in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we advance our clinical programs for PTI-428 and our other product candidates. 
 29 

Based upon our current operating plan, we believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents, will enable us to fund our operating expense  s and capital expenditure requirements through the first half of 2018. However, changing circumstances beyond our control may cause us to consume capital more rapidly than we currently anticipate, and we may need additional funds sooner than planned. For e  xample, our clinical trials may encounter technical, enrollment or other difficulties that could increase our development costs more than we expect, or the FDA may require us to perform studies or trials in addition to those that we currently anticipate. W  e may need to raise additional funds if we choose to initiate clinical trials for our product candidates other than PTI-428  , PTI-801 and PTI-808   or if we need to obtain regulatory approval for PTI-428 for administration with drugs other than ivacaftor and lumacaftor. In any event, we will require additional capital to obtain regulatory approval for, and to commercialize, our product candidates  , in  cluding PTI-428.  
 Securing additional financing may divert our management from our day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize our product candidates, including PTI-428. In addition, we cannot guarantee that future financing will be available in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when required or on acceptable terms, we may be required to: 

significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development or commercialization of our product candidates, including PTI-428;     

seek corporate partners for PTI-428, or any of our other product candidates at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable or on terms that are less favorable than might otherwise be available; or     

relinquish, or license on unfavorable terms, our rights to technologies or product candidates that we otherwise would seek to develop or commercialize ourselves.     

 If we are unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, we will be prevented from pursuing our development and commercialization efforts, which will have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and prospects and on our ability to develop our product candidates. 
 Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates on terms unfavorable to us. 
 Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenues, we expect to finance our cash needs primarily through the sale of equity securities, debt financings and government and foundation grants. We may also seek to raise capital through third-party collaborations, strategic alliances and similar arrangements. We currently do not have any committed external source of funds. 
 In order to raise additional funds to support our operations, we may sell additional equity or debt securities, enter into collaborations, strategic alliances, or licensing arrangements or other marketing or distribution arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or debt securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a stockholder. Debt financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures, and declaring dividends, and will impose limitations on our ability to acquire, sell or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. 
 If we raise additional funds through collaborations, strategic alliances, or licensing arrangements or other marketing or distribution arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates, or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to expand our operations or otherwise capitalize on our business opportunities, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or commercialization efforts, or grant others rights to develop and market product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. 
 We have a limited operating history, which may make it difficult for you to evaluate the success of our business to date and to assess our future viability. 
 We were formed and began operations in December 2006. Our operations to date have been limited to organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, acquiring and developing product and technology rights and conducting research and development activities for our product candidates. We are currently in preclinical development for PTI-NC-733 (PTI-428, PTI-801 and PTI-808) and clinical development for PTI-428. We have not obtained regulatory approval for any of our product candidates. Consequently, any predictions about our future success, performance or viability may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a longer operating history, more experience with clinical development or approved products on the market. 
 30 

We might not be ab  le to utilize all or a significant portion of our net operating loss carryforwards and research and development tax credit carryforwards.  
 As of December 31, 2015, we had federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of $102.1 million and $88.6 million, respectively, which begin to expire in 2026 and 2030, respectively. As of December 31, 2015, we also had federal and state research and development tax credit carryforwards of $3.6 million and $2.2 million, respectively, which begin to expire in 2027 and 2025, respectively. These net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards could expire unused and be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities. In addition, under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and corresponding provisions of state law, if a corporation undergoes an  ownership change,  which is generally defined as a greater than 50% change, by value, in its equity ownership over a three-year period, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change income may be limited. We have not determined if we have experienced Section 382 ownership changes in the past and if a portion of our net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards are subject to an annual limitation under Section 382. In addition, we may experience ownership changes in the future as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership, some of which may be outside of our control. If we determine that an ownership change has occurred and our ability to use our historical net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards is materially limited, it would harm our future operating results by effectively increasing our future tax obligations. We have a full valuation allowance against our net deferred tax assets. 
 Risks Relating to the Development and Regulatory Approval of Our Product Candidates 
 We depend almost entirely on the success of our lead product candidate, PTI-428, which is currently in early clinical development. We cannot be certain that we will be able to successfully complete the clinical development of, obtain regulatory approval for, or successfully commercialize PTI-428. 
 We currently have no products on the market, and our most advanced product candidate, PTI-428, is currently in early clinical development. We initiated our first Phase 1 clinical trial in CF patients in the first quarter of 2016 and initiated a second Phase 1 study of PTI-428 in healthy volunteers in the second quarter of 2016. 
 Our business depends almost entirely on the successful clinical development, regulatory approval and commercialization of PTI-428, and it will require substantial additional clinical development and regulatory approval efforts before we are permitted to commence its commercialization, if ever. The clinical trials and manufacturing and marketing of PTI-428 and any other product candidates will be subject to extensive and rigorous review and regulation by numerous government authorities in the United States, the European Union and other jurisdictions where we intend to test and, if approved, market our product candidates. Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of any product candidate, we must demonstrate through preclinical testing and clinical trials that the product candidate is safe and effective for use in each target indication, and potentially in specific patient populations, including the pediatric population. This process can take many years and may include post-marketing studies and surveillance, which would require the expenditure of substantial resources beyond the proceeds we have currently raised. Of the large number of drugs in development for approval in the United States and the European Union, only a small percentage successfully complete the FDA or European Medicines Agency, or EMA, regulatory approval processes, as applicable, and are commercialized. Accordingly, even if we are able to obtain the requisite financing to continue to fund our research, development and clinical programs, we cannot assure you that PTI-428 or any of our other product candidates will be successfully developed or commercialized. 
 The regulatory approval processes of the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities are lengthy, time-consuming and inherently unpredictable. If we are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for PTI-428 or our other product candidates, our business will be substantially harmed. 
 We are not permitted to market PTI-428 or any of our other product candidates in the United States or the European Union until we receive approval of a New Drug Application, or NDA, from the FDA or a Marketing Authorization Application, or MAA, from the European Commission, respectively. Prior to submitting an NDA to the FDA or an MAA to the EMA for approval of any of our product candidates for a specific indication, we will need to complete preclinical and toxicology studies, as well as a proof-of-concept study and Phase 1, Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical trials. 
 Successfully initiating and completing our clinical program and obtaining approval of an NDA or an MAA is a complex, lengthy, expensive and uncertain process, and the FDA, the EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities may delay, limit or deny approval of any of our candidates for many reasons, including, among others: 

we may not be able to demonstrate that our product candidates are safe and effective to the satisfaction of the FDA or the EMA;     

the results of our clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical or clinical significance required by the FDA or the EMA for marketing approval;     

 31 

the FDA or the EMA may disagree with the number, design, size, conduct or implementation of our clinical trials;     

the FDA or the EMA may require that we conduct additional clinical trials;     

the FDA or the EMA may not approve the formulation, labeling or specifications of PTI-428 or our other product candidates;     

the clinical research organizations, or CROs, that we retain to conduct our clinical trials may take actions outside of our control that materially adversely impact our clinical trials;     

the FDA or the EMA may find the data from preclinical studies and clinical trials insufficient to demonstrate that PTI-428 s and our other product candidates  clinical and other benefits outweigh their safety risks;     

the FDA or the EMA may disagree with our interpretation of data from our preclinical studies and clinical trials, including our characterization of observed toxicities;     

the FDA or the EMA may not accept data generated at our clinical trial sites;     

if our NDAs or MAAs, if and when submitted, are reviewed by the FDA or the EMA, as applicable, the regulatory agency may have difficulties scheduling the necessary review meetings in a timely manner, may recommend against approval of our application or may recommend that the FDA or the EMA, as applicable, require, as a condition of approval, additional preclinical studies or clinical trials, limitations on approved labeling or distribution and use restrictions;     

the FDA may require development of a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy as a condition of approval or post-approval, and the EMA may grant only conditional approval or impose specific obligations as a condition for marketing authorization, or may require us to conduct post-authorization safety studies;     

the FDA or the EMA may find deficiencies with or not approve the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we contract; or     

the FDA or the EMA may change their approval policies or adopt new regulations.     

 Any of these factors, many of which are beyond our control, could jeopardize our ability to obtain regulatory approval for and successfully market PTI-428 or any of our other product candidates. Any such setback in our pursuit of regulatory approval would have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects. 
 In addition to the United States and the European Union, we intend to market our product candidates, if approved, in other international markets. Such marketing will require separate regulatory approvals in each market and compliance with numerous and varying regulatory requirements. The approval procedures vary from country-to-country and may require additional testing. Moreover, the time required to obtain approval may differ from that required to obtain FDA or EMA approval. In addition, in many countries, a product candidate must be approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in that country. Approval by the FDA or the EMA does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions, and approval by one foreign regulatory authority does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other foreign countries or by the FDA or the EMA. The regulatory approval process in other international markets may include all of the risks associated with obtaining FDA or EMA approval. 
 Our lead product candidate, PTI-428, is designed to be administered with other CF therapies. Developing product candidates for administration with other therapies may lead to unforeseen side effects or failures in our clinical trials that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval or limit the commercial profile of an approved label. Such other therapies could also be removed from the market and result in significant negative consequences. 
   We are studying our lead product candidate PTI-428 in clinical trials as a combination therapy with therapies that are approved and commercially available to the patients we plan to enroll in such clinical trials. We anticipate that if our product candidate is approved for marketing, it will be approved to be administered only with other therapies. Our development programs and planned studies carry all the risks inherent in drug development activities, including the risk that they will fail to demonstrate meaningful efficacy or acceptable safety. In addition, our development programs are subject to additional regulatory, commercial, manufacturing and other risks because of the use of other therapies in combination with our product candidates. For example, the other therapies may lead to toxicities that are improperly attributed to our product candidates or the combination of our product candidates with other therapies may result in toxicities that the product candidate or other therapy does not produce when used alone. The other therapies we are using in combination may be removed from the market, or we may not be able to secure adequate quantities of such materials for which we have no guaranteed supply contract, and thus be unavailable for testing or commercial use with any of our approved products. Testing product candidates in combination with other therapies may increase the risk of significant adverse effects or test failures, or impact from drug-drug interactions. The timing, outcome and cost of developing products to be used in combination with other therapies is difficult to predict and dependent on a number of factors that are outside  
 32 

our reasonable control. If we experience safety or toxicity issues in our clinical trials or with any approved products  , we may not receive approval to market any products, which could prevent us from ever generating revenues or achieving profitability.  
 If the data from our ongoing and planned preclinical studies and clinical trials of PTI-428 as a combination therapy administered with ivacaftor and lumacaftor regarding the safety or efficacy of this combination are not favorable, the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities may not approve this combination therapy and we may be forced to delay or terminate the development of this combination therapy, which would materially harm our business. Further, even if we gain marketing approvals for this combination therapy from the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities in a timely manner, we cannot be certain that this combination therapy will be commercially successful. If the results of the anticipated or actual timing of marketing approvals for this combination therapy, or the market acceptance of this combination therapy, if approved, including treatment reimbursement levels agreed to by third-party payors, do not meet the expectations of investors or public market analysts, the market price of our common stock would likely decline. 
 Failures or delays in the commencement or completion of our clinical trials of our product candidates, including PTI-428, including due to amended or additional trials we decide to conduct or that are required by the FDA, could result in increased costs to us and could delay, prevent or limit our ability to generate revenue and continue our business. 
 Successful completion of the clinical trials for PTI-428 is a prerequisite to submitting an NDA to the FDA or a MAA to the EMA and, consequently, the ultimate approval and commercial marketing of PTI-428 in the United States and the European Union. Similar prerequisites apply in other foreign jurisdictions. Clinical trials are expensive, difficult to design and implement, can take many years to complete and are uncertain as to outcome. A product candidate can unexpectedly fail at any stage of clinical development. The historical failure rate for product candidates is high due to scientific feasibility, safety, tolerability, toxicology, efficacy, changing standards of medical care and other variables. If the FDA requires us to complete, or we choose to implement, amended or additional studies beyond what we currently expect, we may be delayed in completing our clinical trials for PTI-428 and our expenses will increase. We do not know whether all our clinical trials will begin or be completed on schedule, if at all, as the commencement and completion of clinical trials can be delayed or prevented for a number of reasons, including, among others: 

delays in reaching or failing to reach agreement on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites;     

inadequate quantity or quality of a product candidate or other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials;     

difficulties obtaining institutional review board, or IRB, or ethics committee approval to conduct a clinical trial at a prospective site or sites;     

challenges in recruiting and enrolling patients to participate in clinical trials, including the size and nature of the patient population, the proximity of patients to clinical sites (including, without limitation, if U.S. trial sites include international subjects coming to the U.S. on a visa), eligibility criteria for the clinical trial, the nature of the clinical trial protocol, risks included in the signed informed consent and any new or amended consents required by each study participant, the availability of approved effective treatments for the relevant disease and competition from other clinical trial programs for similar indications;     

unfavorable review of our clinical trials by the Protocol Review Committee, or PRC, of the Therapeutic Development Network of the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation s Therapeutic Branch which may not sanction our trial for conduct at prospective trial sites or may provide a ranking that adversely impacts recruitment in our clinical trials compared with other investigational new drugs in CF;     

severe or unexpected drug-related side effects experienced by patients in our clinical trials or by individuals using drugs similar to our product candidates;     

reports from preclinical or clinical testing of other similar therapies that raise safety or efficacy concerns; or     

difficulties retaining and/or obtaining data from patients who have enrolled in a clinical trial but may be prone to withdraw due to lack of efficacy, side effects, personal issues, loss of interest, difficulty travelling to the trial site or returning for required check-ins, or other factors, some of which are out of our control.     

 Additionally, in our ongoing Phase 1 clinical trial of PTI-428, we have activated eleven clinical trial sites in the United States as of November 8, 2016 with additional clinical trial sites planned. There are an unprecedented number of CF clinical trials ongoing in the United States and in other countries. As a result, the activation of clinical trial sites for our ongoing Phase 1 trial of PTI-428 and securing our target subject enrollment for this clinical trial has been delayed from what we had originally planned. If we are unable to increase our enrollment, we will not have a substantially complete data set for this trial by our target dates. 
 33 

W  e intend to expand our Phase 1 clinical trial of PTI-428 to include CF patients who are receiving Orkambi, patients who are   eligible for Kalydeco, and patients who are eligible for PTI-428 monotherapy. The expansion of the trial require  s   a protocol amendment to our IND that is in effect with the FDA. The FDA could issue a clinical hold in response to this protocol amendment th  us preventing us from expanding the trial. In addition, the FDA may not agree with the proposed design of our proposed Phase 1 proof-of-concept study for PTI-428. We also are required to receive IRB approval for the amended protocol but there is no guarant  ee that the IRBs of our existing and prospective clinical trial sites will approve the expansion. Any failure or delay in obtaining necessary permissions from the relevant IRBs or the receipt of a clinical hold in response to our protocol amendment to expa  nd our trial may delay the completion of our Phase 1 trial and our   overall   development plan for PTI-428  .  
 Clinical trials may also be delayed or terminated as a result of ambiguous or negative interim results. In addition, a clinical trial may be suspended or terminated by us, the FDA, other regulatory authorities or the IRBs at the sites where the IRBs are overseeing a clinical trial, or a data safety monitoring board, or DSMB, may recommend that the sponsor suspend or terminate a trial, due to a number of factors, including, among others: 

failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols;     

inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial sites by the FDA, the EMA or other regulatory authorities that reveals deficiencies or violations that require us to undertake corrective action, including the imposition of a clinical hold;     

unforeseen safety issues, including any that could be identified in our ongoing toxicology studies, adverse side effects or lack of effectiveness;     

changes in government regulations or administrative actions;     

problems with clinical supply materials; and     

lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial.     

 Positive results from preclinical or in vitro and in vivo testing of PTI-428 are not necessarily predictive of the results of our ongoing and future clinical trials of PTI-428. If we cannot achieve positive results in our clinical trials for PTI-428, we may be unable to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize PTI-428. These risks will apply to any other of our product candidates as well. 
 Positive results from our preclinical testing of PTI-428 in vitro and in vivo may not necessarily be predictive of the results from our clinical trials in humans. Many companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in clinical trials after achieving positive results in preclinical in vitro and in vivo studies, and we, or the third parties whose drug candidates we expect to be co-administered with PTI-428, may face similar setbacks. For example, CFTR mRNA levels in target tissues of rats and monkeys exposed to PTI-428 were observed to increase proportionally with exposure to PTI-428. Additionally, preliminary exploratory biomarker nasal CFTR mRNA and protein data from the SAD cohorts in our Phase 1 clinical trial in healthy volunteers confirm target engagement. However, later clinical trials may not show that this biomarker is predictive of clinical efficacy or we may not be able to successfully obtain biomarker data sufficient to analyze. Preclinical and clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses, and the FDA or other regulatory agencies may require changes to our protocols or other aspects of our clinical trials or require additional studies. Additionally, many companies that believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies and clinical trials nonetheless failed to obtain FDA or EMA approval. If we fail to produce positive results in our clinical trials of PTI-428, the development timeline and regulatory approval and commercialization prospects for our leading product candidate, and, correspondingly, our business and financial prospects would be materially adversely affected. 
 Even if we obtain positive clinical results for PTI-428 in early-stage clinical trials, those positive results may not be repeated in later-stage clinical trials. This risk will apply to any other of our product candidates as well. 
 Before obtaining regulatory approval for the sale of our product candidates, including PTI-428, we must conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates in humans. Successful completion of such clinical trials is a prerequisite to submitting an NDA to the FDA and, consequently, the ultimate approval and commercial marketing of PTI-428 in the United States. Similar requirements apply in the European Union and other foreign jurisdictions. A failure of one or more clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing. The outcome of preclinical testing and early clinical trials may not be predictive of the success of later clinical trials, and interim results of a clinical trial do not necessarily predict final results. 
 34 

Negative or inconclusive results of our clinical trials of PTI-428, or any other clinical trials we conduct, could mandate repeated or additional clinical studies. We do not know whether our clinical trials of PTI-428 will demonstrate adequate efficacy a  nd safety to result in regulatory approval to market PTI-428 or our other product candidates. Even if early-stage clinical results are favorable, if later-stage clinical trials do not produce favorable results, our ability to obtain regulatory approval for   our product candidates, including PTI-428, may be adversely impacted.  
 Our product candidates may cause adverse effects or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval or limit the scope of any approved label or market acceptance. 
 Undesirable side effects caused by our product candidates could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in the denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities. It is possible that, during the course of the development of PTI-428, or our other product candidates, results of our studies and clinical trials could reveal an unacceptable severity and prevalence of side effects and/or drug-drug interactions. For example, in preclinical testing of PTI-428 we observed reduced platelet counts in the animals we tested following administration of these compounds at doses in excess of the doses we expect to administer in our clinical trials. As a result of this or any other side effects, our clinical trials could be suspended or terminated and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities could order us to cease further development, or deny approval, of our product candidates for any or all targeted indications. The drug-related side effects could affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled patients to complete the trial or result in potential product liability claims or result in delays in the trials due to requirements to provide new informed consents to patients to disclose new or changed risks or side effects. 
 Additionally, if one or more of our product candidates receive marketing approval, and we or others later identify undesirable side effects caused by such products, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: 

regulatory authorities may withdraw approvals of such product or impose restrictions on its distribution in a form of a modified Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy;     

regulatory authorities may require additional labeling, such as warnings or contraindications;     

we may be required to change the way the product is administered or to conduct additional clinical studies;     

we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients; and     

our reputation may suffer.     

 Any of these events could delay or prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the particular product candidate, if approved, and could significantly harm our business, results of operations and prospects. 
 If we cannot demonstrate an acceptable toxicity profile for our product candidates in our clinical studies, we will not be able to continue our clinical trials or obtain approval for our product candidates. 
 In order to obtain approval of a product candidate, we must demonstrate safety in various nonclinical and clinical tests. At the time of initiating human clinical trials, we may not have conducted or may not conduct the types of nonclinical testing ultimately required by regulatory authorities, or future nonclinical tests may indicate that our product candidates are not safe for use. Nonclinical testing and clinical testing are both expensive and time-consuming and have uncertain outcomes. For example, results of an earlier laboratory study of PTI-130 in non-rodent species suggested potential hematologic and reproductive toxicology issues that we believe are specific to the non-rodent species. We cannot predict whether future safety and toxicology studies may produce these same problems or cause other undesirable effects. We also observed certain undesired hematological (including reduced platelet count) side effects in animals dosed at levels of PTI-428 that are higher than those intended for our clinical studies. We plan to complete additional toxicity studies of reproductive toxicity, carcinogenicity and long-term side effects prior to or concurrent with any Phase 3 clinical trials of our product candidates, and we cannot exclude the possible occurrence of these or other side effects in future nonclinical or clinical studies. In addition, success in initial tests does not ensure that later testing will be successful. We may experience numerous unforeseen events during, or as a result of, the testing process, which could delay or prevent our ability to develop or commercialize our product candidates, including: 

our preclinical and nonclinical testing may produce inconclusive or negative safety results, which may require us to conduct additional nonclinical testing or to abandon product candidates;     

our product candidates may have unfavorable pharmacology or toxicity characteristics;     

our product candidates may cause undesirable side effects; and     

the FDA or other regulatory authorities may determine that additional safety testing is required.     

 35 

Any such events would increase our cos  ts and could delay or prevent our ability to commercialize our product candidates, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
 PTI-428 is based on a novel technology, which may raise development issues we may not be able to resolve, regulatory issues that could delay or prevent approval, or personnel issues that may keep us from being able to develop our product candidates. 
 Our product candidates are based on our novel amplifier technology. We are not aware of other drugs that work in a manner that we believe our amplifier technology does. We cannot assure you that development problems related to our novel technology will not arise in the future that could cause significant delays or that we are not able to resolve. 
 Regulatory approval of novel product candidates such as ours can be more expensive and take longer than other, more well-known or extensively studied pharmaceutical product candidates due to our and regulatory agencies  lack of experience with them. To our knowledge, there are no other amplifiers in clinical development and none have been approved to date. The novelty of our technology may lengthen the regulatory review process, require us to conduct additional studies or clinical trials, increase our development costs, lead to changes in regulatory positions and interpretations, delay or prevent approval and commercialization of our product candidates or lead to significant post-approval limitations or restrictions. For example, the FDA could require additional studies or characterization that may be difficult or impossible to perform. 
 In addition, if we are unable to hire and retain the necessary personnel, the rate and success at which we can develop and commercialize product candidates will be limited. Any such events would increase our costs and could delay or prevent our ability to commercialize our product candidates, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Even if we meet safety and efficacy endpoints in clinical trials, we cannot predict whether or when we will obtain regulatory approval to commercialize our product candidates and we cannot, therefore, predict the timing of any future revenue from PTI-428 or any of our other product candidates. 
 We cannot commercialize our product candidates, including PTI-428, until the appropriate regulatory authorities, such as the FDA, have reviewed and approved the product candidate. The regulatory agencies may not complete their review processes in a timely manner, or we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for PTI-428 or our other product candidates at all. Additional delays may result if PTI-428 or any other product candidate is brought before an FDA advisory committee or an analogous foreign body, which could recommend restrictions on approval or recommend non-approval of the product candidate. In addition, we may experience delays or rejections based upon additional government regulation from future legislation or administrative action, or changes in regulatory agency policy during the period of product development, clinical studies and the review process. As a result, we cannot predict when, if at all, we will receive any future revenue from commercialization of any of our product candidates, including PTI-428.  
 Even if we obtain regulatory approval for PTI-428 and our other product candidates, we will still face extensive regulatory requirements and our products may face future development and regulatory difficulties. 
 Even if we obtain regulatory approval in the United States, the FDA may still impose significant restrictions on the indicated uses or marketing of our product candidates, including PTI-428, or impose ongoing requirements for potentially costly post-approval studies or post-market surveillance, including Phase 4 clinical trials. For example, the labeling, if approved for our product candidates, including PTI-428, will likely include restrictions on use due to the specific patient population and manner of use in which the drug was evaluated and the safety and efficacy data obtained in those evaluations. 
 PTI-428 and our other product candidates will also be subject to additional ongoing FDA requirements governing the labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, safety surveillance, advertising, promotion, record-keeping and reporting of safety and other post-market information. The holder of an approved NDA is obligated to monitor and report adverse events and any failure of a product to meet the specifications described in the NDA. The holder of an approved NDA must also submit new or supplemental applications and obtain FDA approval for certain changes to the approved product, product labeling or manufacturing process. Advertising and promotional materials must comply with FDA rules and are subject to FDA review, in addition to other potentially applicable federal and state laws. 
 In addition, manufacturers of drug products and their facilities are subject to payment of user fees and continual review and periodic inspections by the FDA and other regulatory authorities for compliance with current good manufacturing practice, or cGMP, requirements and adherence to commitments made in the NDA. If we, or a regulatory agency, discover previously unknown problems with a product, such as quality issues or adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or problems with the facility where the product is manufactured, a regulatory agency may impose restrictions relative to that product or the manufacturing facility, including requesting a recall or requiring withdrawal of the product from the market or suspension of manufacturing. 
 36 

If we fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements following approval of our product candidate, a regulatory agency may:  

issue an untitled or warning letter asserting that we are in violation of the law;     

seek an injunction or impose civil or criminal penalties or monetary fines;     

suspend or withdraw regulatory approval;     

suspend any ongoing clinical trials;     

refuse to approve a pending NDA or supplements to an NDA submitted by us; or     

request a recall and/or seize product.     

 Any government investigation of alleged violations of law could require us to expend significant time and resources in response and could generate negative publicity. The occurrence of any event or penalty described above may inhibit our ability to commercialize PTI-428 and our other product candidates and inhibit our ability to generate revenues. 
 Even if we obtain FDA approval for PTI-428 or any of our other product candidates in the United States, we may never obtain approval for or commercialize PTI-428 or any of our other product candidates outside of the United States, which would limit our ability to realize their full market potential. 
 In order to market any products outside of the United States, we must establish and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements on a country-by-country basis regarding safety and efficacy. Approval by the FDA does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions. In addition, clinical trials conducted in one country may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other countries, and regulatory approval in one country does not guarantee regulatory approval in any other country. Approval processes vary among countries and can involve additional product testing and validation and additional administrative review periods. Seeking foreign regulatory approval could result in difficulties and costs for us and require additional preclinical studies or clinical trials which could be costly and time consuming. Regulatory requirements can vary widely from country to country and could delay or prevent the introduction of our product candidates in those countries. We do not have any product candidates approved for sale in any jurisdiction, including international markets, and we do not have experience in obtaining regulatory approval in international markets. If we fail to comply with regulatory requirements in international markets or to obtain and maintain required approvals, or if regulatory approvals in international markets are delayed, our target market will be reduced and our ability to realize the full market potential of our product candidates will be unrealized. 
 If we are not able to obtain orphan product status for PTI-428 or obtain such status for future product candidates for which we seek this status, we will not be able to claim the tax credits for our clinical trials of such products provided by this status or potentially take advantage of other benefits of orphan drug status. 
 Regulatory authorities in some jurisdictions, including the United States and the European Union, may designate drugs for relatively small patient populations as orphan drugs. Under the Orphan Drug Act of 1983, the FDA may designate a product as an orphan drug if it is a drug intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally defined as a disease or condition that fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States have been diagnosed as having at the time of the submission of the request for orphan drug designation. Under Regulation No. (EC) 141/2000 on Orphan Medicinal Products, a medicinal product may be designated as an orphan medicinal product if, among other things, it is intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of a life-threatening or chronically debilitating condition affecting not more than five in 10,000 people in the European Union when the application is made. Generally, if a product with an orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first marketing approval for the indication for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to a period of market exclusivity. This exclusivity precludes the EMA or the FDA, as applicable, from approving another marketing application for the same or, in the European Union, a similar drug for the same indication for that time period, unless, among other things, the later product is clinically superior. The exclusivity period is seven years in the United States and ten years in the European Union following marketing approval. The EU exclusivity period can be reduced to six years if a drug no longer meets the criteria for orphan drug designation, for example if the drug is sufficiently profitable so that market exclusivity is no longer justified. We intend to seek orphan drug designation for PTI-428. 
   In the United States, orphan drug exclusivity may be lost if the FDA withdraws or revokes the orphan-drug designation as permitted by law, we withdraw the marketing application for the drug, we consent to another s marketing application for approval of the same use or indication as the designated orphan drug, or we fail to assure a sufficient quantity of the drug as required by law. Similarly, in the European Union, exclusivity may be lost if we request the removal of the orphan-drug designation or the drug no longer meets any of the criteria that made it eligible for orphan-drug status at the outset. Even after an orphan drug is approved, the same or, in the European  
 37 

Union, a similar drug can   subsequently be approved for the same condition if the competent regulatory agency concludes that the later drug is clinically superior to the original orphan drug by providing a significant therapeutic advantage over and above that drug.  
 If we do not obtain orphan drug exclusivity or if our competitors obtain orphan drug exclusivity for other rare diseases or conditions we are targeting before we do, we may be delayed in obtaining marketing authorization or we may lose out on the potential benefits of market exclusivity associated with the orphan drug designation. Among the other benefits of orphan drug designation are tax credits for certain research and a waiver of the NDA application user fee. If we do not obtain orphan designation for PTI-428, we will lose out on such benefits associated with orphan designation. 
 Risks Relating to Our Dependence on Third Parties 
 If third parties on which we depend to conduct our preclinical studies or any ongoing or future clinical trials do not perform as contractually required, fail to satisfy regulatory or legal requirements or miss expected deadlines, our development program could be delayed with materially adverse effects on our business and prospects. 
 We rely on CROs, clinical data management organizations and consultants to design, conduct, supervise and monitor preclinical studies of our product candidates and plan to do the same for our ongoing and future clinical trials for PTI-428 and any other clinical trials. We and our CROs are required to comply with various regulations, including Good Clinical Practice, or GCP, requirements, which are enforced by the FDA, and guidelines of the Competent Authorities of the Member States of the European Economic Area, and comparable foreign regulatory authorities to ensure that the health, safety and rights of patients are protected in clinical development and clinical trials, and that trial data integrity is assured. Regulatory authorities ensure compliance with these requirements through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, principal investigators and trial sites. If we or any of our CROs fail to comply with applicable requirements, or the CRO does not perform its contractually required obligations (or makes errors or mistakes), the clinical data, including, without limitation, biomarker data, generated in our clinical trials may not be collected or may be collected but be deemed unreliable and the FDA, the EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us (or we may choose ourselves) to perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. We cannot assure you that upon inspection by a given regulatory authority, such regulatory authority will determine that any of our clinical trials comply with such requirements. In addition, our clinical trials must be conducted with products produced under cGMP requirements, which mandate the methods, facilities and controls used in manufacturing, processing and packaging of a drug product to ensure its safety and identity. Failure to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat preclinical and clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process. 
 Our CROs are not our employees, and except for remedies available to us under our agreements with such CROs, we cannot control whether or not they devote sufficient time and resources to our ongoing clinical and preclinical programs. If CROs do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols, regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully commercialize our product candidates. As a result, our operations and the commercial prospects for our product candidates would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenues could be delayed. 
 Because we have relied on third parties, our internal capacity to perform these functions is limited. Outsourcing these functions involves risk that third parties may not perform to our standards, may not produce results in a timely manner or may fail to perform at all. In addition, the use of third-party service providers requires us to disclose our proprietary information to these parties, which could increase the risk that this information will be misappropriated. We currently have a small number of employees, which limits the internal resources we have available to identify and monitor our third-party providers. To the extent we are unable to identify and successfully manage the performance of third-party service providers in the future, our business may be adversely affected. Though we carefully manage our relationships with our CROs, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter similar challenges or delays in the future or that these delays or challenges will not have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and prospects. 
 If we cannot contract with acceptable third parties on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or if these third parties do not carry out their contractual duties, satisfy legal and regulatory requirements for the conduct of preclinical studies or clinical trials or meet expected deadlines, our clinical development programs could be delayed and otherwise adversely affected. In all events, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our preclinical studies and clinical trials is conducted in accordance with the general investigational plan and protocols for the trial. The FDA and the EMA require clinical trials to be conducted in accordance with GCP, including for conducting, recording and reporting the results of preclinical studies and clinical trials to assure that data and reported results are credible and accurate and that the rights, integrity and confidentiality of clinical trial participants are protected. Our reliance on third parties that we do not control does not relieve us of these responsibilities and requirements. Any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 38 

We rely on third-party manufacturers and suppliers and we intend to rely on thi  rd parties to produce preclinical, clinical and commercial supplies of PTI-428 and any future product candidates. These third parties may not perform as contractually required or expected and issues may arise that could delay the completion of clinical tri  als.  
 We rely on third parties to supply the materials and components for our research and development, preclinical and clinical trial supplies. We do not own manufacturing facilities or supply sources for such components and materials. There can be no assurance that our supply of research and development, preclinical and clinical development drugs and other materials will not be limited, interrupted, restricted in certain geographic regions or of satisfactory quality or continue to be available at acceptable prices. Any replacement of these third parties could require significant effort and expertise because there may be a limited number of qualified replacements. 
 The manufacturing process for a product candidate is subject to FDA, EMA and other foreign regulatory authority review. Suppliers and manufacturers must meet applicable manufacturing requirements and undergo rigorous facility and process validation tests required by regulatory authorities to comply with regulatory standards such as cGMP. In the event that any of our suppliers or manufacturers fails to comply with such requirements or to perform its obligations to us in relation to quality, timing or otherwise, or if our supply of components or other materials becomes limited or interrupted for other reasons, we may be forced to manufacture the materials ourselves, for which we currently do not have the capabilities or resources, or enter into an agreement with another third party, which we may not be able to do on reasonable terms, if at all. In some cases, the technical skills or technology required to manufacture our product candidates may be unique or proprietary to the original manufacturer and we may have difficulty, or there may be contractual restrictions prohibiting us from, transferring such skills or technology to another third party and a feasible alternative may not exist. These factors would increase our reliance on such manufacturer or require us to obtain a license from such manufacturer in order to have another third party manufacture our product candidates. If we are required to change manufacturers for any reason, we will be required to verify that the new manufacturer maintains facilities and procedures that comply with quality standards and with all applicable regulations and guidelines. The delays associated with the verification of a new manufacturer could negatively affect our ability to develop product candidates in a timely manner or within budget. 
 We expect to continue to rely on third-party manufacturers if we receive regulatory approval for any product candidate. To the extent that we have existing, or enter into future, manufacturing arrangements with third parties, we will depend on these third parties to perform their obligations in a timely manner consistent with contractual and regulatory requirements, including those related to quality control and assurance. If we are unable to obtain or maintain third-party manufacturing for product candidates, or to do so on commercially reasonable terms, we may not be able to develop and commercialize our product candidates successfully. Our or a third party s failure to execute on our manufacturing requirements could adversely affect our business in a number of ways, including: 

preventing us from initiating or continuing preclinical studies or clinical trials of product candidates under development;     

delaying our submissions of regulatory applications or receipt of regulatory approvals for product candidates;     

preventing a collaborator from cooperating with us;     

subjecting our product candidates to additional inspections by regulatory authorities;     

requiring us to cease distribution or to recall batches of our product candidates; and     

in the event of approval to market and commercialize a product candidate, preventing us from meeting commercial demands for our products.     

 If a current or future collaborative partner terminates or fails to perform its obligations under an agreement with us, the development and commercialization of the product candidates could be delayed or terminated. 
 We are currently party to collaborative arrangements with Biogen, Astellas and Cystic Fibrosis Foundation Therapeutics, Inc. If our collaborative partners do not devote sufficient time and resources to a collaboration arrangement with us, we may not realize the potential commercial benefits of the arrangement, and our results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 
 39 

Much of the potential revenue from our collaborations consists of contingent payments, such as payments for achieving regulatory milestones   or royalties payable on sales of drugs. The milestone and royalty revenue that we may receive under these collaborations will depend upon our collaborators  ability to successfully develop, introduce, market and sell new products. Our collaboration partner  s may fail to develop or effectively commercialize their products using our products or technologies or otherwise discontinue their research activities because they:  

exercise their unilateral right to terminate the collaboration agreement;     

decide not to devote the necessary resources due to internal constraints, such as limited personnel with the requisite expertise, limited cash resources or specialized equipment limitations, or the belief that other drug development programs may have a higher likelihood of obtaining marketing approval or may potentially generate a greater return on investment;     

decide to pursue other technologies or develop other product candidates, either on their own or in collaboration with others, including our competitors, to treat the same diseases targeted by our own collaborative programs;     

do not have sufficient resources necessary to carry the product candidate through clinical development, marketing approval and commercialization; or     

cannot obtain the necessary marketing approvals.     

 Competition may negatively impact a partner s focus on and commitment to our relationship and, as a result, could delay or otherwise negatively affect the commercialization of our products, which would have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 
 We face a number of challenges in seeking future collaborations. Collaborations are complex and any potential discussions may not result in a definitive agreement for many reasons. For example, whether we reach a definitive agreement for a collaboration will depend, among other things, upon our assessment of the collaborator s resources and expertise, the terms and conditions of the proposed collaboration, and the proposed collaborator s evaluation of a number of factors, such as the design or results of our clinical trials, the potential market for our product candidates, the costs and complexities of manufacturing and delivering our product candidates to patients, the potential of competing products, the existence of uncertainty with respect to ownership or the coverage of our intellectual property, and industry and market conditions generally. If we determine that additional collaborations for our product candidates are necessary and are unable to enter into such collaborations on acceptable terms, we might elect to delay or scale back the development or commercialization of our product candidates in order to preserve our financial resources or to allow us adequate time to develop the required physical resources and systems and expertise ourselves. 
 Collaboration agreements may not lead to development or commercialization of product candidates in the most efficient manner, or at all. In addition, there have been a significant number of recent business combinations among large pharmaceutical companies that have resulted in a reduced number of potential future collaborators. If a future collaborator of ours were to be involved in a business combination, the continued pursuit and emphasis on our product development or commercialization program could be delayed, diminished or terminated. 
 Risks Relating to Commercialization of Our Product Candidates 
 The commercial success of PTI-428 and our other product candidates will depend upon the acceptance of those products, if approved, by the medical community, including physicians, patients and health care payors. 
 Even if PTI-428 or our other product candidates are approved for sale, they may not achieve sufficient market acceptance by physicians, patients, healthcare payors and others in the medical community. If these product candidates, if approved, do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance, we may not generate significant product revenues and we may not become profitable. The degree of market acceptance of any of our product candidates, including PTI-428, will depend on a number of factors, including: 

demonstration of safety and efficacy in our clinical trials;     

the relative convenience, ease of administration and acceptance by physicians, patients and health care payors;     

the prevalence and severity of any adverse effects;     

limitations or warnings contained in the FDA-approved label for the relevant product candidate;     

availability of alternative treatments;     

pricing and cost-effectiveness;     

 40 

the effectiveness of our or any future collaborators    sales and marketing strategies; and     

our ability to obtain and maintain healthcare payor approval or reimbursement, which may vary from country to country.     

 If any of our product candidates, including PTI-428, is approved but does not achieve an adequate level of acceptance by physicians, patients and health care payors, we may not generate sufficient revenue and we may not become or remain profitable. 
 If we are unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to sell and market our product candidates, we may not be successful in commercializing our product candidates if and when they are approved. 
 We do not have a sales or marketing infrastructure, and we have limited experience in the sales, marketing or distribution of pharmaceutical products. Our commercialization strategy will target key prescribing physicians and advocacy groups, as well as provide patients with support programs, ensure product access and secure reimbursement. Outside of the United States, Canada, Europe and Australia, we may seek a partner to commercialize our products. In the future, we may choose to build a focused sales and marketing infrastructure to market or co-promote our product candidates if and when they are approved, which would be expensive and time-consuming. Alternatively, we may elect to outsource these functions to third parties. Either approach carries significant risks. For example, recruiting and training a sales force is expensive and time-consuming and, if done improperly, could delay a product launch and result in limited sales. If the commercial launch of a product candidate for which we recruit a sales force and establish marketing capabilities is delayed or does not occur for any reason, we would have prematurely or unnecessarily incurred these commercialization expenses. This may be costly, and our investment would be lost if we cannot retain or reposition our sales and marketing personnel. 
 Factors that may inhibit our efforts to commercialize our product candidates on our own include: 

inability to recruit, manage and retain adequate numbers of effective sales and marketing personnel;     

the inability of marketing personnel to develop effective marketing materials;     

the inability of sales personnel to obtain access to or persuade adequate numbers of physicians to prescribe any future products;     

the lack of complementary products to be offered by sales personnel, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage relative to companies with more extensive product lines; and     

unforeseen costs and expenses associated with creating an independent sales and marketing organization.     

 We may also not be successful in entering into additional arrangements with third parties to sell and market our product candidates or doing so on terms that are favorable to us. Even if we do enter into arrangements with third parties to perform sales, marketing and distribution services, our product revenues or the profitability of these product candidates are likely to be lower than if we were to market and sell our products ourselves. In addition, we likely will have little control over such third parties, and any of them may fail to devote the necessary resources and attention to sell and market our products effectively. If we do not establish sales and marketing capabilities successfully, either on our own or in collaboration with third parties, we will not be successful in commercializing our product candidates. 
 If our competitors develop technologies or product candidates more rapidly than we do or their technologies are more effective, our ability to develop and successfully commercialize our products may be adversely affected. Competitive products for treatment of CF may reduce or eliminate the commercial opportunity for our product candidates. 
 The clinical and commercial landscape for CF is highly competitive and subject to rapid and significant technological change. New data from clinical-stage products continue to emerge. It is possible that these data may alter the current standard of care, completely precluding us from further developing PTI-428 for CF. Further, it is possible that we may advance our clinical trials for PTI-428 only to find that data from competing products make it impossible for us to complete enrollment in these trials, resulting in our inability to file for marketing approval with regulatory agencies. Even if PTI-428 is approved for marketing, it may have limited sales due to particularly intense competition in the CF market. 
   Competitive therapeutic treatments include those that are currently in development and any new treatments that enter the market. We believe that a significant number of products are currently under development, and may become commercially available in the future, for the treatment of conditions for which we may try to develop product candidates. Our potential competitors include large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, specialty pharmaceutical and generic drug companies, academic institutions, government agencies and research institutions. Examples include Vertex, AbbVie Inc., Galapagos NV, ProQR Therapeutics N.V.,  
 41 

Nivalis Therapeutics, Inc., F. Hoffmann-LaRoche Ltd., Novartis AG, Gilead Sciences, Inc., Ampliphi Biosciences Corporation, Pfizer Inc., Parion Sciences, Inc. Genzyme Corporation, Bayer AG  , Laurent Pharmaceuticals Inc. and several other companies.  
 Although PTI-428 is being developed as a combination therapy to be administered with ivacaftor and lumacaftor, Vertex or other competitors could develop other drugs or combinations that may obviate the applicability of PTI-428. Changes in standard of care or use patterns could also make our combination therapy obsolete. If PTI-428 is approved for marketing as a combination therapy to be administered with ivacaftor and lumacaftor but use of another therapy becomes more prevalent than ivacaftor and lumacaftor, sales of PTI-428 could be negatively impacted and our financial results and stock price would be adversely affected. 
 Many of our competitors have greater financial, technical, manufacturing, marketing, sales and supply resources, technical and human resources or experience than us and significantly greater experience in the discovery and development of product candidates, obtaining FDA and other regulatory approvals of product candidates and the commercialization of those products. Accordingly, our competitors may be more successful than we may be in obtaining FDA and other regulatory approvals for therapies and achieving widespread market acceptance. Our competitors  products may be more effective, or more effectively marketed and sold, than any product candidate we may commercialize and may render our therapies obsolete or non-competitive before we can recover development and commercialization expenses. 
 If we successfully obtain approval for any product candidate, we will face competition based on many different factors, including the efficacy, safety and tolerability of our products, the ease with which our products can be administered and the extent to which patients accept relatively new routes of administration, the timing and scope of regulatory approvals for these products, the availability and cost of manufacturing, marketing and sales capabilities, price, reimbursement coverage and patent position. Competing products could present superior treatment alternatives, including being more effective, safer, or less expensive, or could be marketed and sold more effectively than any products we may develop. Competitive products may make any products we develop obsolete or noncompetitive before we recover the expense of developing and commercializing our product candidates. Such competitors could also recruit our employees, which could negatively impact our level of expertise and our ability to execute our business plan. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a small number of competitors. 
 We also compete with other clinical-stage companies and institutions for clinical trial participants, which could reduce our ability to recruit participants for our clinical trials. For example, actual or perceived risks of our product candidates, such as PTI-428, may negatively affect potential clinical trial participants or patients when deciding whether to participate in our clinical trials, and could result in patients seeking alternative clinical trials or commercial therapies from our competitors. Delay in recruiting clinical trial participants could adversely affect our ability to bring a product to market prior to our competitors. Further, research and discoveries by others may result in breakthroughs that render our product candidates obsolete even before they begin to generate any revenue. 
 In addition, our competitors may obtain patent protection or FDA approval and commercialize products more rapidly than we do, which may impact future sales of any of our product candidates that receive marketing approval. If the FDA approves the commercial sale of any of our product candidates, we will also be competing with respect to marketing capabilities and manufacturing efficiency, areas in which we have limited or no experience. We expect competition among products will be based on product efficacy and safety, the timing and scope of regulatory approvals, availability of supply, marketing and sales capabilities, product price, reimbursement coverage by government and private third-party payors, and patent position. Our profitability and financial position will suffer if we cannot compete effectively in the marketplace, even if our products receive regulatory approval. 
 Payor approval and reimbursement may not be available for PTI-428 and our other product candidates, which could make it difficult or impossible for us to sell our products profitably. 
   Market acceptance and sales of PTI-428, or any other product candidates that we develop, will depend in part on the extent to which reimbursement for these products and related treatments will be available from government health administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations. Government authorities and third-party payors, such as private health insurers, health maintenance organizations and pharmacy benefit management organizations, decide which medications they will pay for, at what tier level and establish reimbursement levels. A primary trend in the United States healthcare industry and elsewhere is cost containment. Government authorities and these third-party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medications. Increasingly, third-party payors are requiring that companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices and are challenging the prices charged for medical products. We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be available for any product that we commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, what the level of reimbursement will be. Even if we are successful in gaining reimbursement in one country, that does not mean we will achieve reimbursement at the same levels or at all in any other country. Reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, any product for which we obtain marketing approval. Obtaining reimbursement for our products may be particularly difficult because of  
 42 

the higher prices often associat  ed with products administered under the supervision of a physician. Also, reimbursement amounts may reduce the demand for, or the price of, our products. If reimbursement is not available, or is available only to limited levels, we may not be able to succe  ssfully commercialize PTI-428, or any other product candidates that we develop. We will also be required to establish systems and programs that assist patients in determining the reimbursement level and in some instances establishing patient economic suppo  rt programs to alleviate the economic burden of co-pays and/or co-insurance. These patient support programs are complex, costly and require knowledge and expertise that we currently do not possess.  
 There have been a number of legislative and regulatory proposals to change the healthcare system in the United States and in some foreign jurisdictions that could affect our ability to sell any future products profitably. These legislative and regulatory changes may negatively impact the reimbursement for any future products, following approval. The availability of generic treatments may also substantially reduce the likelihood of reimbursement for any future products, including PTI-428. The application of user fees to generic drug products will likely expedite the approval of additional generic drug treatments. We expect to experience pricing pressures in connection with the sale of PTI-428 and any other product candidate that we develop, due to the trend toward managed healthcare, the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations and additional legislative changes. 
 In addition, there may be significant delays in obtaining reimbursement for approved products, and coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the product is approved by the FDA or regulatory authorities in other countries. Moreover, eligibility for reimbursement does not imply that any product will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs, including research, development, manufacture, sale and distribution. Interim payments for new products, if applicable, may also not be sufficient to cover our costs and may not be made permanent. Payment rates may vary according to the use of the product and the clinical setting in which it is used, may be based on payments allowed for lower cost products that are already reimbursed, and may be incorporated into existing payments for other services. Net prices for products may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of products from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. Third-party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement policies. 
 Our inability to promptly obtain coverage and profitable payment rates from both government-funded and private payors for any of our product candidates, including PTI-428, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, our ability to raise capital needed to commercialize products and our overall financial condition. 
 We may expend our limited resources to pursue a particular product candidate or indication and fail to capitalize on product candidates or indications that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 
 The success of our business depends primarily on our ability to identify, develop and commercialize product candidates. Because we have limited financial and managerial resources, we focus on research programs and product candidates for the indications that take advantage of our deep expertise and knowledge and that we believe are the most scientifically and commercially promising. Our resource allocation decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize on viable scientific or commercial products or profitable market opportunities. In addition, we may spend valuable time and managerial and financial resources on research programs and product candidates for specific indications that ultimately do not yield any scientifically or commercially viable products. If we do not accurately evaluate the scientific and commercial potential or target market for a particular product candidate, we may relinquish valuable rights to that product candidate through collaboration, licensing or other royalty arrangements in situations where it would have been more advantageous for us to retain sole rights to development and commercialization. 
 43 

Risks Relating to Regulation of Our Industry  
 We may be subject, directly or indirectly, to federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws and health information privacy and security laws. Some of these laws were recently amended, and their interpretation following such amendments remains unclear. If we are unable to comply, or have not fully complied, with such laws, we could face substantial penalties. 
 If we obtain FDA approval for any of our product candidates and begin commercializing those products in the United States, our operations may be directly, or indirectly through our customers, subject to various federal and state fraud and abuse laws, including, without limitation, the federal anti-kickback statute. These laws may impact, among other things, our proposed sales, marketing and education programs. In addition, we may be subject to patient privacy regulation by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. The laws that may affect our ability to operate include: 

the federal anti-kickback statute which prohibits, among other things, persons or entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or paying any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe, or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, lease, order or recommendation of, any good, facility, item or service, for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under federal healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid;     

the federal false claims laws and civil monetary penalties, including civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment or approval that are false or fraudulent or from knowingly making a false statement to improperly avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government;     

the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) which, among other things, imposes criminal liability for knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or to obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any healthcare benefit program, regardless of the payor (e.g., public or private) and knowingly or willfully falsifying, concealing, or covering up by any trick or device a material fact or making any materially false statement using or making any false or fraudulent document, in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services relating to healthcare matters;     

HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH, and its implementing regulations, and as amended by the final HIPAA omnibus rule, Modifications to the HIPAA Privacy, Security, Enforcement, and Breach Notification Rules Under HITECH and the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act; Other Modifications to HIPAA, published in January 2013, which imposes certain obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information without appropriate authorization by entities subject to the rule, such as health plans, clearinghouses and healthcare providers;     

the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, which prohibits, among other things, the distribution of adulterated or misbranded drugs or medical devices;     

the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act, enacted as part of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, collectively referred to herein as the Affordable Care Act, or the ACA, and its implementing regulations, which requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologicals and medical supplies to report to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services information related to payments and other transfers of value made to physicians and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; and     

analogous state laws and regulations, including: state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to our business practices, including but not limited to, research, distribution, sales and marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by state governmental and non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers; state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government; and state laws and regulations that require manufacturers to file reports relating to pricing and marketing information, which requires tracking gifts and other remuneration and items of value provided to healthcare professionals and entities.     

   Further, the recently enacted ACA, among other things, amends the intent requirement of the federal anti-kickback and criminal health care fraud statutes. A person or entity can now be found guilty of fraud or false claims under ACA without actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it. In addition, ACA provides that the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal anti-kickback statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the false claims statutes. Possible sanctions for violation of these anti-kickback laws include monetary fines, civil and criminal penalties, exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid and other government programs and forfeiture of amounts collected in violation of such  
 44 

prohibitions. Any violations of these laws, or any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could result in a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of oper  ations and financial condition.  
 ACA also imposes new reporting requirements on device and pharmaceutical manufacturers to make annual public disclosures of payments to physicians and ownership or investment interest in the manufacturers by physicians or their immediate family members. Failure to submit required information may result in civil monetary penalties of up to an aggregate of $150,000 per year (or up to an aggregate of $1 million per year for  knowing failures ), for all payments, transfers of value, or ownership or investment interests that are not reported. 
 In addition, there has been a recent trend of increased federal and state regulation of payments made to physicians for marketing. Some states, such as California, Massachusetts and Vermont, mandate implementation of corporate compliance programs, along with the tracking and reporting of gifts, compensation, and other remuneration to physicians. 
 The scope and enforcement of these laws is uncertain and subject to change in the current environment of health care reform, especially in light of the lack of applicable precedent and regulations. Such changes are impossible to predict. It is possible that some of our business activities could be subject to challenge by federal or state regulatory authorities under one or more of these laws. Any such challenge could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition. Any state or federal regulatory review of us, regardless of the outcome, would be costly and time-consuming, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our employees may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We are exposed to the risk of employee fraud or other misconduct. Misconduct by employees could include intentional failures to comply with FDA regulations, provide accurate information to the FDA, comply with manufacturing standards we have established, comply with federal and state health-care fraud and abuse laws and regulations, report financial information or data accurately or disclose unauthorized activities to us. In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. Employee misconduct could also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics but it is not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent misconduct may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business and results of operations, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. 
 Health care reform measures could adversely affect our business. 
 In the United States and foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes to the healthcare system that could affect our future results of operations. In particular, there have been and continue to be a number of initiatives at the U.S. federal and state levels that seek to reduce healthcare costs. Most recently, the ACA, which includes measures to significantly change the way health care is financed by both governmental and private insurers, was enacted in March 2010. Among the provisions of the ACA of greatest importance to the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry are the following: 

an annual, nondeductible fee on any entity that manufactures or imports certain branded prescription drugs and biologic products, apportioned among these entities according to their market share in certain government healthcare programs;     

new requirements to report certain financial arrangements with physicians and teaching hospitals, including reporting any  transfer of value  made or distributed to physicians and teaching hospitals and reporting any investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members;     

a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research;     

 45 

creation of the Independent Payment Advisory Board which, beginning in 2014, has authority to recommend certain changes to t  he Medicare program that could result in reduced payments for prescription drugs, which recommendations can have the effect of law even without congressional action; and     

establishment of a Center for Medicare Innovation at the Centers for Medicare   Medicaid Services to test innovative payment and service delivery models to lower Medicare and Medicaid spending, potentially including prescription drug spending.     

 At this time, the full effect that the ACA would have on our business remains unclear. 
 Individual states have become increasingly aggressive in passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access, and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. Legally mandated price controls on payment amounts by third-party payors or other restrictions could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. In addition, regional healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other healthcare programs. This could reduce ultimate demand for our products or put pressure on our product pricing, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 In addition, given recent federal and state government initiatives directed at lowering the total cost of healthcare, Congress and state legislatures will likely continue to focus on healthcare reform, the cost of prescription drugs and biologics and the reform of the Medicare and Medicaid programs. While we cannot predict the full outcome of any such legislation, it may result in decreased reimbursement for drugs and biologics, which may further exacerbate industry-wide pressure to reduce prescription drug prices. This could harm our ability to generate revenues. Increases in importation or re-importation of pharmaceutical products from foreign countries into the United States could put competitive pressure on our ability to profitably price our products, which, in turn, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. We might elect not to seek approval for or market our products in foreign jurisdictions in order to minimize the risk of re-importation, which could also reduce the revenue we generate from our product sales. It is also possible that other legislative proposals having similar effects will be adopted. 
 Furthermore, regulatory authorities  assessment of the data and results required to demonstrate safety and efficacy can change over time and can be affected by many factors, such as the emergence of new information, including on other products, changing policies and agency funding, staffing and leadership. We cannot be sure whether future changes to the regulatory environment will be favorable or unfavorable to our business prospects. For example, average review times at the FDA for marketing approval applications can be affected by a variety of factors, including budget and funding levels and statutory, regulatory and policy changes. 
 Risks Relating to Protecting Our Intellectual Property 
 It is difficult and expensive to protect our intellectual property rights and we cannot ensure that they will prevent third parties from competing against us. If we are unable to adequately protect our proprietary technology, or obtain and maintain issued patents that are sufficient to protect our product candidates, others could compete against us more directly, which would have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property rights, both in the United States and other countries, successfully defend this intellectual property against third-party challenges and successfully enforce this intellectual property to prevent third-party infringement. We rely upon a combination of patents, trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements. 
 Our ability to protect any of our product candidates and technologies from unauthorized or infringing use by third parties depends in substantial part on our ability to obtain and maintain valid and enforceable patents in both the United States and other countries. Patent matters in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries can be highly uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions. Changes in the patent laws, their implementing regulations or their interpretations may diminish the value of our patent rights. 
   There can be no assurance that we will discover or develop patentable products or processes or that patents will issue from any pending patent applications owned or licensed by us, or if issued, the breadth of such patent coverage. We currently have no issued patents covering any of our product candidates, including PTI-428, or our technologies, and our patent applications related to our CF program are in the earliest stages, including several provisional patent applications. We cannot provide any assurances that any of our pending patent applications will lead to issued patents and, if they do, that such patents will include claims with a scope sufficient to protect our product candidates or otherwise provide any competitive advantage. Even if issued, we cannot guarantee that claims of issued patents owned or licensed to us are or will be held valid or enforceable by the courts or, even if unchallenged, will provide us  
 46 

with exclusivity or commercial value for our product candidates or technology or any significant protection ag  ainst competitive products or prevent others from designing around our claims. Further, if we encounter delays in regulatory approvals, the period of time during which we could market our product candidates under patent protection could be reduced. Our pat  ent rights also depend on our compliance with technology and patent licenses upon which our patent rights are based and upon the validity of assignments of patent rights from consultants and other inventors that were, or are, not employed by us.  
 The patent positions of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, including our patent position, involve complex legal and factual questions, and, therefore, the issuance, scope, validity and enforceability of any patent claims that we may obtain cannot be predicted with certainty. Patents, if issued, may be challenged, deemed unenforceable, invalidated, or circumvented. U.S. patents and patent applications may also be subject to interference proceedings,  ex parte  reexamination, or  inter partes  review proceedings, supplemental examination and challenges in district court. Patents may be subjected to opposition, post-grant review, or comparable proceedings lodged in various foreign, both national and regional, patent offices. These proceedings could result in either loss of the patent or denial of the patent application or loss or reduction in the scope of one or more of the claims of the patent or patent application. In addition, such proceedings may be costly. Thus, any patents, should they issue, that we may own or exclusively license may not provide any protection against competitors. 
 Patent applications are generally maintained in confidence until publication. In the United States, for example, patent applications are maintained in secrecy for up to 18 months after their filing. Similarly, publication of discoveries in scientific or patent literature often lags behind actual discoveries. Consequently, we cannot be certain that we were the first to file patent applications on our product candidates. There is also no assurance that all of the potentially relevant prior art relating to our patents and patent applications has been found, which could be used by a third party to challenge validity of our patents, should they issue, or prevent a patent from issuing from a pending patent application. 
 In addition, even if patents do successfully issue, third parties may challenge any such patent we own or license through adversarial proceedings in the issuing offices, which could result in the invalidation or unenforceability of some or all of the relevant patent claims. If a third party asserts a substantial new question of patentability against any claim of a U.S. patent we own or license, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, may grant a request for reexamination, which may result in a loss of scope of some claims or a loss of the entire patent. The adoption of the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the Leahy-Smith Act, on September 16, 2011, established additional opportunities for third parties to invalidate U.S. patent claims, including  inter partes  review and post-grant review, on the basis of a lower legal standards than reexamination and additional grounds. 
 We will incur significant ongoing expenses in maintaining our patent portfolio. Should we lack the funds to maintain our patent portfolio or to enforce our rights against infringers, we could be adversely impacted. Moreover, the failure of any patents that may issue to us or our licensors to adequately protect our product candidates or technology could have an adverse impact on our business. 
 We will not be able to seek and obtain protection for our intellectual property in all jurisdictions throughout the world, and we may not be able to adequately enforce our intellectual property rights even in the jurisdictions where we seek protection. 
 Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on all of our product candidates throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive. Competitors may manufacture and sell our potential products in those foreign countries where we do not file for and obtain patent protection or where patent protection may be unavailable, not obtainable or ultimately not enforceable. Our competitors might conduct research and development activities in countries where we do not have patent rights and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets and, further, may be able to export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection but where enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our products in jurisdictions where we do not have any issued patents and our patent claims or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from so competing. 
 The statutory deadlines for pursuing patent protection in individual foreign jurisdictions are based on the priority date of each of our patent applications. For all of our patent applications related to PTI-428, PTI-130, potentiators, correctors and our COPD programs, as well as for all but one of the remaining applications related to our CF program and most of the patent applications related to our Usp14 program, the relevant statutory deadlines have not yet expired. Thus, for each of these patent families, particularly those that we believe provide coverage for our lead product candidates, we will need to decide whether and where to pursue protection outside the United States by the relevant deadlines, and we will only have the opportunity to obtain patent protection in those jurisdictions where we file for protection, and prosecute and obtain issued claims. 
   The laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in certain foreign jurisdictions. The scope and available coverage thus may vary significantly. Outside of the United States, patents we own or license, if issued, may become subject to patent opposition in the European Patent Office or similar proceedings, which may result in loss of  
 47 

scope of some claims or loss of the entire patent. Participation in adversarial proceedings is very co  mplex and expensive, and may divert our management s attention from our core business and may result in unfavorable outcomes that could adversely affect our ability to prevent third parties from competing with us.  
 The legal systems of some countries, particularly developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, especially those relating to biotechnology. This could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents, if obtained, or the misappropriation of our other intellectual property rights. For example, many foreign countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner must grant licenses to third parties. In addition, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against third parties, including government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, patents may provide limited or no benefit. Patent protection must ultimately be sought on a country-by-country basis, which is an expensive and time-consuming process with uncertain outcomes. Accordingly, we may choose not to seek patent protection in certain countries, and we will not have the benefit of patent protection in such countries. 
 Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biopharmaceuticals, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing products in violation of our proprietary rights generally. For example, an April 2014 report from the Office of the United States Trade Representative identified a number of countries, including India and China, where challenges to the procurement and enforcement of patent rights have been reported. Several countries, including India and China, have been listed in the report every year since 1989. If we encounter difficulties in protecting our intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions, our business prospects could be substantially harmed. 
 Proceedings to enforce our patent rights, if obtained, in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly, could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. 
 Intellectual property rights do not necessarily address all potential threats to our competitive advantage. 
 The degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations, and may not adequately protect our business, or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. The following examples are illustrative: 

Others may be able to make compounds that are similar to our product candidates but that are not covered by the claims of any patents, should they issue, that we own or have exclusively licensed.     

We or our licensors or strategic collaborators might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by any issued patent or pending patent application that we own or have exclusively licensed.     

We or our licensors or strategic collaborators might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain of our inventions.     

Others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing our intellectual property rights.     

Our pending patent applications may not lead to issued patents.     

Patents, should they issue, that we own or that we have exclusively licensed, if any, may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or may be held invalid or unenforceable, as a result of legal challenges by our competitors.     

Our competitors might conduct research and development activities in countries where we do not have patent rights and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets.     

We may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable.     

The patents of others may have an adverse effect on our business.     

 Should any of these events occur, they could significantly harm our business, results of operations and prospects. 
 48 

Recent patent   reform legislation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents.  
 The Leahy-Smith Act includes a number of significant changes to United States patent law. These include provisions that affect the way patent applications will be prosecuted and may also affect patent litigation. Accordingly, it is not clear what, if any, impact the Leahy-Smith Act will have on the operation of our business, our current and pending patent portfolio and future intellectual property strategy. However, the Leahy-Smith Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 Periodic maintenance fees on any issued patent are due to be paid to the USPTO, the European Patent Office and other foreign patent agencies in several stages over the lifetime of the patent. The USPTO and various foreign national or international patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. While an inadvertent lapse can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. Non-compliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of patent rights include, but are not limited to, failure to file non-provisional applications claiming priority to our provisional applications by the statutory deadlines, failure to timely file national and regional stage patent applications based on an international patent application, failure to respond to official actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents. If we or our licensors fail to maintain the patents and patent applications covering our product candidates, our competitors might be able to enter the market, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 The patent protection and patent prosecution for some of our product candidates is dependent or may be dependent in the future on third parties. 
 While we normally seek and gain the right to fully prosecute the patents relating to our product candidates, there may be times when platform technology patents or product-specific patents that relate to our product candidates are controlled by our licensors or collaboration partners. In addition, our licensors and/or licensees and/or collaboration partners may have back-up rights to prosecute patent applications in the event that we do not do so or choose not to do so, and our licensees and/or collaboration partners may have the right to assume patent prosecution rights after certain milestones are reached. If any of our licensing partners fails to appropriately prosecute and maintain patent protection for patents covering any of our product candidates, our ability to develop and commercialize those product candidates may be adversely affected and we may not be able to prevent competitors from making, using and selling competing products. 
 We have entered into and may in the future enter into licenses to licensed intellectual property. If we were to lose our rights to licensed intellectual property, we may not be able to continue developing or commercializing a product candidate, if approved, that relied on such licensed intellectual property. 
 We are currently a party to and may in the future be party to license agreements under which we are or will be granted rights to intellectual property that are important to our business. Our existing license agreement imposes, and we expect that future license agreements will impose on us, various diligence obligations, payment of milestones and/or royalties and other obligations. If we fail to comply with our obligations under these agreements, or we are subject to a bankruptcy, the licensor may have the right to terminate the license, in which event we would not be able to market products covered by the license. Our business could suffer, for example, if any current or future licenses terminate, if the licensors fail to abide by the terms of the license, if the licensed patents or other rights are found to be invalid or unenforceable, or if we are unable to enter into necessary licenses on acceptable terms. 
 We may need to obtain licenses from third parties to advance our research or allow commercialization of our product candidates, and we cannot provide any assurances that third-party patents do not exist that might be enforced against our current product candidates or future products in the absence of such a license. We may fail to obtain any of these licenses on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. Even if we are able to obtain a license, it may be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. In that event, we may be required to expend significant time and resources to develop or license replacement technology. If we are unable to do so, we may be unable to develop or commercialize the affected product candidates, which could materially harm our business, and the third parties owning such intellectual property rights could seek either an injunction prohibiting our sales, or, with respect to our sales, an obligation on our part to pay royalties and/or other forms of compensation. 
 49 

Licensing of intellectual property involves complex legal, business and scientific issues. Disputes may arise between us and   our licensors regarding intellectual property subject to a license agreement, including:  

the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues;     

whether and the extent to which our technology and processes infringe on intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the licensing agreement;     

our right to sublicense patent and other rights to third parties under collaborative development relationships;     

our diligence obligations with respect to the use of the licensed technology in relation to our development and commercialization of our product candidates, and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; and     

the ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors and us and our partners.     

 If disputes over intellectual property that we license now or in the future prevent or impair our ability to maintain our licensing arrangements on acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected product candidates. 
 We may be subject to litigation alleging that we are infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties or litigation or other adversarial proceedings seeking to invalidate our patents or other proprietary rights, and we may need to resort to litigation to protect or enforce our patents or other proprietary rights, all of which will be costly to defend uncertain in its outcome and may prevent or delay development and commercialization efforts or otherwise harm our business. 
 Our success also will depend, in part, on our refraining from infringing patents or otherwise violating intellectual property owned or controlled by others. Numerous patents and pending applications are owned by third parties in the fields in which we are developing product candidates, both in the United States and elsewhere. It is difficult for industry participants, including us, to identify all third-party patent rights that may be relevant to our product candidates and technologies because patent searching is imperfect due to differences in terminology among patents, incomplete databases and the difficulty in assessing the meaning and scope of patent claims. Moreover, because some patent applications are maintained in secrecy until the patents publish, we cannot be certain that third parties have not filed patent applications that cover our products and technologies. We may fail to identify relevant patents or patent applications or may identify pending patent applications of potential interest but incorrectly predict the likelihood that such patent applications may issue with claims of relevance to our technology. In addition, we may be unaware of one or more issued patents that would be infringed by the manufacture, sale, importation or use of a current or future product candidate, or we may incorrectly conclude that a third-party patent is invalid, unenforceable or not infringed by our activities. Additionally, pending patent applications can, subject to certain limitations, be later amended in a manner that could cover our technologies, our future products or the manufacture or use of our future products. Pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, universities, research institutions and others may have filed patent applications or have received, or may obtain, issued patents in the United States or elsewhere relating to aspects of our technology, including our products, processes for manufacture or methods of use, including combination therapy. It is uncertain whether the issuance of any third-party patents will require us to alter our product candidates or processes, obtain licenses, or cease certain activities. 
 If patents issued to third parties contain blocking, dominating or conflicting claims we may choose to or, if such claims are ultimately determined to be valid, be required to obtain licenses to these patents or to develop or obtain alternative non-infringing technology and cease practicing those activities, including, potentially, the manufacture or marketing of any products deemed to infringe those patents. If any licenses are required, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain any such licenses on commercially favorable terms, if at all, and if these licenses are not obtained, we might be prevented from pursuing the development and commercialization of certain of our potential products entirely or for certain indications. Even if a license can be obtained on acceptable terms, the rights may be non-exclusive, which could give our competitors access to the same technology or intellectual property rights licensed to us. Our failure to obtain a license to any technology that we may require to commercialize our products on favorable terms may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
   We may be exposed to, or threatened with, future litigation by third parties, including our competitors, having patent or other intellectual property rights alleging that our technologies, including our products, processes for manufacture or methods of use, including combination therapy, or other proprietary technologies infringe either literally or under the doctrine of equivalents their intellectual property rights. Parties making claims against us may obtain injunctive or other equitable relief, which could effectively block our ability to further develop and commercialize one or more of our product candidates. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. In the event of a successful infringement or other intellectual property claim against us, we may have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys  fees for willful infringement, obtain one or more licenses from third parties, pay royalties or redesign our affected products, which may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary expenditure. We cannot  
 50 

predict whether any such license would be available at   all or whether it would be available on commercially reasonable terms. Parties making successful claims against us may obtain injunctive or other equitable relief, which could effectively block our ability to further develop and commercialize one or more   of our product candidates. We cannot provide any assurances that third-party patents do not exist which might be enforced against our products or product candidates, resulting in either an injunction prohibiting our sales, or, with respect to our sales, an   obligation on our part to pay royalties and/or other forms of compensation to third parties. Any of those occurrences would have a material adverse impact on our business.  
 Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation or any other patent litigation. There could also be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 
 We may be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our intellectual property, which could be time consuming, expensive and unsuccessful, and issued patents covering our product candidates could be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged in court. 
 Competitors may infringe our patents or the patents of our licensors, assuming patents issue from patent applications we own or license. Litigation, which could result in substantial costs to us (even if determined in our favor), may also be necessary to enforce any patents issued or licensed to us. The cost to us in initiating any litigation or other proceeding relating to patent or other proprietary rights, even if resolved in our favor, could be substantial, and litigation would divert our management s attention. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation more effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could delay our research and development efforts and limit our ability to continue our operations. In addition, in an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent of ours or our licensors is not valid, is unenforceable and/or is not infringed, or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology in question. 
 If we were to initiate legal proceedings against a third party to enforce a patent covering one of our product candidates or our technology, the defendant could counterclaim that our patent is invalid or unenforceable. In patent litigation in the United States and in most European countries, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity or unenforceability are commonplace. Grounds for a validity challenge could be an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, for example, lack of novelty, obviousness or non-enablement. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld relevant information from the USPTO, or made a misleading statement, during prosecution. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability during patent litigation is unpredictable. With respect to the validity question, for example, we cannot be certain that there is no invalidating prior art, of which we and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on one or more of our products or certain aspects of our platform technology. Such a loss of patent protection could have a material adverse impact on our business. Patents and other intellectual property rights also will not protect our technology if competitors design around our protected technology without legally infringing our patents or other intellectual property rights. 
 An adverse result in any litigation or defense proceedings could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing. Any of these outcomes would not only have an adverse effect on our patent portfolio but may also have an adverse effect on our business if we are unable to prevent the competitive activities of third parties. 
 Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation or any other patent litigation. There could also be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 
 51 

If we are not able to adequately prevent disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information, the value of our   technology and products could be significantly diminished.  
 We rely on trade secrets to protect technology, including our DRT technology platform, especially where patent protection is not believed to be appropriate or obtainable or where patents have not issued. We attempt to protect our proprietary technology and processes, in part, with confidentiality agreements and assignment of invention agreements with our employees and confidentiality agreements with our consultants and certain contractors. There can be no assurance that these agreements will not be breached, that we would have adequate remedies for any breach, or that our trade secrets will not otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors. We may fail in certain circumstances to obtain the necessary confidentiality agreements, or their scope or term may not be sufficiently broad to protect our interests. 
 If our trade secrets or other intellectual property become known to our competitors, it could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. To the extent that we or our consultants or research collaborators use intellectual property owned by others in work for us, disputes may also arise as to the rights to related or resulting know-how and inventions. 
 We may be subject to claims challenging the inventorship or ownership of our patents and other intellectual property. 
 We enter into confidentiality and intellectual property assignment agreements with our employees, consultants, outside scientific advisors, and sponsored researchers. These agreements generally provide that inventions conceived by the party in the course of rendering services to us will be our exclusive property. However, these agreements may not be honored and may not effectively assign intellectual property rights to us. Moreover, we may not obtain these agreements in all circumstances. 
 Litigation may be necessary to defend against these and other claims challenging inventorship or ownership. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, valuable intellectual property. Such an outcome could have a material adverse effect on our business. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. 
 We may be subject to claims that we or our employees or consultants have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of our employees  or consultants  former employers or their clients. These claims may be costly to defend and if we do not successfully do so, we may be required to pay monetary damages and may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. 
 Many of our employees and consultants were previously or concurrently employed at universities or biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although no claims against us are currently pending, we may be subject to claims that these employees, consultants or we have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary information of their employers. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. A loss of key research personnel or their work product could compromise our ability to commercialize, or prevent us from commercializing, our product candidates, which could severely harm our business. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. 
 Risks Relating to Our Business Operations and Industry 
 Our future success depends on our ability to retain executives and to attract, retain and motivate key personnel. 
 Because of the specialized scientific nature of our business and the unique properties of our technology, our success is highly dependent upon our ability to attract and retain qualified scientific and technical personnel, consultants and advisors. We are dependent on the principal members of our scientific and management staff, particularly Ms. Meenu Chhabra, Mr. James DeTore, and Drs. Po-Shun Lee, Geoffrey Gilmartin, and Benito Munoz, who have extensive knowledge of and experience developing our technology. The loss of their services might significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our research, development and business objectives. 
   We will need to recruit a significant number of additional personnel in order to achieve our operating goals. In order to pursue our product development and marketing and sales plans, we will need to hire additional qualified scientific personnel to perform research and development, as well as personnel with expertise in clinical testing, government regulation, manufacturing, marketing and sales, which may strain our existing managerial, operational, regulatory compliance, financial and other resources. We also rely on consultants and advisors to assist in formulating our research and development strategy and adhering to complex regulatory requirements. We face competition for qualified individuals from numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, universities and other research institutions. There can be no assurance that we will be able to attract and retain such individuals on  
 52 

acceptable terms, if at all. Additionally, our facilities are located in Massachusetts, wh  ich may make attracting and retaining qualified scientific and technical personnel from outside of Massachusetts difficult. The failure to attract and retain qualified personnel, consultants and advisors could have a material adverse effect on our business  , financial condition and results of operations.  
 As PTI-428 advances through clinical trials we may experience difficulties in managing our growth and expanding our operations. 
 We have limited experience in drug development. As our product candidates advance through preclinical studies and clinical trials, we will need to expand our development, regulatory and manufacturing capabilities or contract with other organizations to provide these capabilities for us. In the future, we expect to have to manage additional relationships with collaborators or partners, suppliers and other organizations. Our ability to manage our operations and future growth will require us to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. We may not be able to implement improvements to our management information and control systems in an efficient or timely manner and may discover deficiencies in existing systems and controls. 
 We are exposed to potential product liability or similar claims, and insurance against these claims may not be available to us at a reasonable rate in the future or at all. 
 Our business exposes us to potential liability risks that are inherent in the testing, manufacturing and marketing of human therapeutic products. Clinical trials involve the testing of product candidates on human subjects or volunteers under a research plan, and carry a risk of liability for personal injury or death to patients due to unforeseen adverse side effects, improper administration of the product candidate, or other factors. Many of these patients are already seriously ill and are therefore particularly vulnerable to further illness or death. 
 We carry clinical trial liability insurance. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain the amount of insurance necessary to cover potential claims or liabilities. We could be materially and adversely affected if we were required to pay damages or incur defense costs in connection with a claim outside the scope of indemnity or insurance coverage, if the indemnity is not performed or enforced in accordance with its terms, or if our liability exceeds the amount of applicable insurance. In addition, there can be no assurance that insurance, if obtained, will continue to be available on terms acceptable to us. Similar risks would exist upon the commercialization or marketing of any products by us or our collaborators. 
 Regardless of their merit or eventual outcome, product liability claims may result in: 

decreased demand for our product;     

injury to our reputation and significant negative media attention;     

withdrawal of clinical trial volunteers;     

costs of litigation;     

distraction of management; and     

substantial monetary awards to plaintiffs.     

 Should any of these events occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 We may become involved in securities class action litigation that could divert management s attention and adversely affect our business and could subject us to significant liabilities. 
 The stock markets have from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market prices for the common stock of pharmaceutical companies. These broad market fluctuations as well a broad range of other factors, including the realization of any of the risks described in this  Risk Factors  section of this report, may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. In the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following a decline in the market price of its securities. This risk is especially relevant for us because biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies generally experience significant stock price volatility. We may become involved in this type of litigation in the future. Litigation often is expensive and diverts management s attention and resources, which could adversely affect our business. Any adverse determination in any such litigation or any amounts paid to settle any such actual or threatened litigation could require that we make significant payments. 
 53 

Our employees may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements and insider trading.  
 We are exposed to the risk of employee fraud or other misconduct. Misconduct by employees could include intentional failures to comply with FDA regulations, to provide accurate information to the FDA, to comply with manufacturing standards we have established, to comply with federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations, to report financial information or data accurately or to disclose unauthorized activities to us. In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. Employee misconduct could also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. It is not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. 
 We must comply with environmental laws and regulations, and failure to comply with these laws and regulations could expose us to significant liabilities. 
 We use hazardous chemicals and biological materials in certain aspects of our business and are subject to a variety of U.S. federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the use, generation, manufacture, distribution, storage, handling, treatment and disposal of these materials. Although we believe our safety procedures for handling and disposing of these materials and waste products comply with these laws and regulations, we cannot eliminate the risk of accidental injury or contamination from the use, manufacture, distribution, storage, handling, treatment or disposal of hazardous materials. In the event of contamination or injury, or failure to comply with environmental, occupational health and safety and export control laws and regulations, we could be held liable for any resulting damages and any such liability could exceed our assets and resources, including any available insurance. 
 Risks Relating to Our Common Stock 
 Our stock price will likely continue to be volatile and an active, liquid and orderly trading market may not develop for our common stock. As a result you may not be able to resell your shares at or above your purchase price. 
 The market price of our common stock may fluctuate substantially as a result of many factors, some of which are beyond our control. These fluctuations could cause you to lose all or part of the value of your investment in our common stock. Factors that could cause fluctuations in the market price of our common stock include the following: 

the development status of our product candidates and when our products receive regulatory approval;     

the results of our preclinical studies and clinical trials;     

performance of third parties on whom we rely to manufacture our products, product components and product candidates, including their ability to comply with regulatory requirements;     

the success of, and fluctuation in, the sales of our product candidates, if approved;     

our execution of our sales and marketing, manufacturing and other aspects of our business plan;     

results of operations that vary from those of our competitors and the expectations of securities analysts and investors;     

changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by securities analysts and investors;     

our announcement of significant contracts, acquisitions, or capital commitments;     

announcements by our competitors of competing products or other initiatives;     

announcements by third parties of significant claims or proceedings against us;     

regulatory and reimbursement developments in the United States and abroad;     

future sales of our common stock;     

additions or departures of key personnel; and     

general domestic and international economic conditions unrelated to our performance.     

 54 

In addition, the stock market in general has experienced significant price and   volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to operating performance of individual companies. These broad market factors may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. In the p  ast, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted. A securities class action suit against us could result in significant liabilities and, regardless of the outco  me, could result in substantial costs and the diversion of our management s attention and resources.  
 Prior to our initial public offering in February 2016, there was no public market for shares of our common stock. The listing of our common stock on The NASDAQ Global Market does not assure that a meaningful, consistent and liquid trading market exists. Although our common stock is listed on The NASDAQ Global Market, trading volume in our common stock has been limited and an active trading market for our shares may never develop or be sustained. If an active market for our common stock does not develop, you may be unable to sell your shares when you wish to sell them or at a price that you consider attractive or satisfactory. The lack of an active market may also adversely affect our ability to raise capital by selling securities in the future, or impair our ability to license or acquire other product candidates, businesses or technologies using our shares as consideration. 
 We could be subject to securities class action litigation. 
 In the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following a decline in the market price of its securities. This risk is especially relevant for us because pharmaceutical companies have experienced significant stock price volatility in recent years. If we face such litigation, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which could harm our business. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. We do not have any control over these analysts. If one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades our stock or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of us or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our stock could decrease, which could cause our stock price and trading volume to decline. 
 Our principal stockholders have and will have a controlling influence over our business affairs and may make business decisions with which you disagree and which may adversely affect the value of your investment. 
 Our executive officers, directors and principal stockholders and their affiliates beneficially own or control, directly or indirectly, a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock. As a result, if some of these persons or entities act together, they will have the ability to exercise significant influence over matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election and removal of directors, amendments to our certificate of incorporation and by-laws and the approval of any business combination. These actions may be taken even if they are opposed by other stockholders. This concentration of ownership may also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of our company or discouraging others from making tender offers for shares of our common stock, which could prevent our stockholders from receiving a premium for their shares. Some of these persons or entities who make up our principal stockholders may have interests different from yours. 
 Future sales, or the expectation of future sales, of a substantial number of our common shares could depress the trading price of our common stock. 
 If we or our stockholders sell substantial amounts of shares of our common stock in the public market or if the market anticipates that these sales could occur, the market price of shares of our common stock could decline. These sales may make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem appropriate, or to use equity as consideration for future acquisitions. 
 Pursuant to our 2016 Stock Option and Incentive Plan, or the 2016 Plan, our board is authorized to grant stock options and other equity-based awards to our employees, directors and consultants. The number of shares available for future grant under the 2016 Plan automatically increases each year by up to 3% of all shares of our capital stock outstanding as of December 31 of the prior calendar year, subject to the ability of our board of directors or compensation committee to take action to reduce the size of the increase in any given year. Currently, we plan to register the increased number of shares available for issuance under the 2016 Plan each year. If our board of directors or compensation committee elects to increase the number of shares available for future grant by the maximum amount each year, our stockholders may experience additional dilution, which could cause our stock price to fall. 
 55 

A significant portion of our total outstanding shares may be sold into the market. This could cause the market price of our common stock to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well.  
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time. If our stockholders sell, or the market believes that our stockholders intend to sell, substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, the market price of our common stock could decline significantly. 
 The holders of a significant portion of shares of our common stock, or their transferees, have rights, subject to some conditions, to require us to file one or more registration statements covering their shares or to include their shares in registration statements that we may file for ourselves or other stockholders. If we were to register the resale of these shares, they could be freely sold in the public market. If these additional shares are sold, or if it is believed that they will be sold, in the public market, the trading price of our common stock could decline. 
 Actual or potential sales of our common stock by our employees, including our executive officers, pursuant to pre-arranged stock trading plans could cause our stock price to fall or prevent it from increasing for numerous reasons, and actual or potential sales by such persons could be viewed negatively by other investors. 
 In accordance with the guidelines specified under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and our policies regarding stock transactions, our employees and executive officers may adopt stock trading plans pursuant to which they have arranged to sell shares of our common stock from time to time in the future. Generally, sales under such plans by our executive officers and directors require public filings. Actual or potential sales of our common stock by such persons could cause the price of our common stock to fall or prevent it from increasing for numerous reasons. For example, a substantial number of shares of our common stock becoming available (or being perceived to become available) for sale in the public market could cause the market price of our common stock to fall or prevent it from increasing. Also, actual or potential sales by such persons could be viewed negatively by other investors. 
 We have broad discretion in the use of our cash and may not use them effectively or may use them in a way with respect to which stockholders do not approve. 
 Our management will have broad discretion in the use of our cash and could spend it in ways that do not improve our results of operations or enhance the value of shares of our common stock. The failure by our management to utilize our cash effectively could result in financial losses that could have a material adverse effect on our business, cause the market price of shares of our common stock to decline and delay the development of our product candidates. We may invest our cash in a manner that does not produce income or that loses value. If we do not invest in ways that enhance stockholder value, we may fail to achieve expected financial results, which could cause the price of shares of our common stock to decline. 
 As an  emerging growth company,  we are allowed to postpone the date by which we must comply with certain laws and regulations intended to protect investors and to reduce the amount of information we provide in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. This reduced disclosure could make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 The JOBS Act is intended to reduce the regulatory burden on  emerging growth companies.  As defined in the JOBS Act, a public company whose initial public offering of common equity securities occurred after December 8, 2011 and whose annual gross revenues are less than $1.0 billion will, in general, qualify as an  emerging growth company  until the earliest of: 

the last day of its fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of its initial public offering of common equity securities;     

the last day of its fiscal year in which it has annual gross revenue of $1.0 billion or more;     

the date on which it has, during the previous three-year period, issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt; and     

the date on which it is deemed to be a  large accelerated filer,  which will occur at such time as the company (1) has an aggregate worldwide market value of common equity securities held by non-affiliates of $700.0 million or more as of the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter, (2) has been required to file annual and quarterly reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, for a period of at least 12 months and (3) has filed at least one annual report pursuant to the Exchange Act.     

 56 

Under this definition, we are an  emerging growth company  and could remain an  emerging growth company  for more than five years. For so long as we are an  emerging growth company,  we will, among other thing  s:  

not be required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of section 404(b) of Sarbanes-Oxley;     

not be required to hold a nonbinding advisory stockholder vote on executive compensation pursuant to Section 14A(a) of the Exchange Act;     

not be required to seek stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved pursuant to Section 14A(b) of the Exchange Act;     

be exempt from any rule adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, requiring mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplemental auditor discussion and analysis; and     

be subject to reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements.     

 In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can use the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. This permits an emerging growth company to delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have irrevocably elected not to avail ourselves of this extended transition period and, as a result, we will adopt new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for other companies. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that our decision to opt out of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards is irrevocable. 
 In this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we have not included all of the executive compensation related information that would be required if we were not an emerging growth company. We cannot predict whether investors will find our common stock less attractive for relying on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 
 As a public reporting company, we are and will be subject to rules and regulations established from time to time by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, or PCAOB, regarding our internal control over financial reporting. We may not complete improvements to our internal control over financial reporting in a timely manner, or these internal controls may not be determined to be effective, which may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the market price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 We are a public reporting company subject to the rules and regulations established from time to time by the SEC and the PCAOB. These rules and regulations require, among other things, that we establish and periodically evaluate procedures with respect to our internal controls over financial reporting. Reporting obligations as a public company are likely to place a considerable strain on our financial and management systems, processes and controls, as well as on our personnel. 
 In addition, as a public company we are required to document and test our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, so that our management can certify as to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting by the time our annual report for the year ending December 31, 2016 is due and thereafter, which will require us to document and make significant changes to our internal controls over financial reporting. Likewise, our independent registered public accounting firm will be required to provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at such time as we cease to be an  emerging growth company,  as defined in the JOBS Act, although, as described in the preceding risk factor, we could potentially qualify as an  emerging growth company  for more than five years. At such time, our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our controls are documented, designed or operating. 
 If our senior management is unable to conclude that we have effective internal control over financial reporting, or to certify the effectiveness of such controls, or if our independent registered public accounting firm cannot render an unqualified opinion on management s assessment and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting once we cease to be an emerging growth company, or if material weaknesses in our internal controls are identified, we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny and a loss of public confidence, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and our stock price. In addition, if we do not maintain adequate financial and management personnel, processes and controls, we may not be able to manage our business effectively or accurately report our financial performance on a timely basis, which could cause a decline in our common stock price and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 57 

Our disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud.  
 We are subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to reasonably ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management and recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. We believe that any disclosure controls and procedures as well as internal controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are and will be met. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by an unauthorized override of the controls. Accordingly, because of the inherent limitations in our control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 Operating as a public company has significantly increased our costs and requires our management to devote substantial time to compliance efforts. 
 As a public company, we are incurring and will continue to incur significant legal, accounting, insurance and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. The Dodd-Frank Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as related rules implemented by the SEC and The NASDAQ Stock Market, have required changes in corporate governance practices of public companies. In addition, rules that the SEC is implementing or is required to implement pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act are expected to require additional changes. We expect that compliance with these and other similar laws, rules and regulations, including compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, will substantially increase our expenses, including our legal and accounting costs, and make some activities more time-consuming and costly. We also expect these laws, rules and regulations to make it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage, which may make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors or as officers. We expect that we will need to hire additional accounting, finance and other personnel in connection with our efforts to comply with the requirements of being a public company, and our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time towards maintaining compliance with these requirements. These requirements will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. Although the JOBS Act may for a limited period of time somewhat lessen the cost of complying with these additional regulatory and other requirements, we nonetheless expect a substantial increase in legal, accounting, insurance and certain other expenses in the future, which will negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company and may affect the trading price of our common stock. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws and the Delaware General Corporation Law contain provisions that may enable our board of directors to resist a change in control of our company even if a change in control were to be considered favorable by you and other stockholders. These provisions: 

provide that directors can be removed only for cause, and then only by a supermajority stockholder vote;     

establish advance notice requirements for nominating directors and proposing matters to be voted on by stockholders at stockholder meetings;     

require majority stockholder voting to effect certain amendments to our certificate of incorporation and by-laws;     

create a classified board of directors whose members serve staggered three-year terms;     

specify that special meetings of our stockholders can be called only by our board of directors;     

prohibit stockholder action by written consent;     

provide that vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by a majority of directors then in office, even though less than a quorum;     

specify that no stockholder is permitted to cumulate votes at any election of directors;     

expressly authorize our board of directors to modify, alter or repeal our amended and restated by-laws, subject to any limitations set forth therein;     

 58 

require supermajority votes of the holders of our common stock to amend specified provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation; and     

require supermajority votes of the holders of our common stock to amend our amended and restated by-laws, unless such amendments have been recommended to the stockholders, in which case only a majority vote is necessary.     

 In addition, we are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly-held Delaware corporation from engaging in a  business combination  with an  interested stockholder  for a three-year period following the time that this stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. A  business combination  includes, among other things, a merger, asset or stock sale or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. An  interested stockholder  is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns, or did own within three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder status, 15% or more of the corporation s voting stock. 
 A Delaware corporation may  opt out  of these provisions with an express provision in its original certificate of incorporation or an express provision in its certificate of incorporation or by-laws resulting from a stockholders  amendment approved by at least a majority of the outstanding voting shares. We have not opted out of these provisions. As a result, mergers or other takeover or change in control attempts of us may be discouraged or prevented. 
 We do not expect to pay any dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. 
 We currently expect to retain all future earnings, if any, for future operations, expansion and repayment of debt and have no current plans to pay any cash dividends to holders of our common stock for the foreseeable future. Any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. As a result, you may not receive any return on an investment in our common stock unless you sell our common stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 
 Our by-laws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders  ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or stockholders. 
 Our by-laws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty, any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, our certificate of incorporation or our by-laws, or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. The choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders (including beneficial owners), which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders (including beneficial owners). Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our by-laws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

Item  2.   
 
         Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

 Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities 
 On February 17, 2016, we closed the sale of 6,250,000 shares of common stock to the public at an initial public offering price of $8.00 per share. The offer and sale of the shares in the IPO were registered under the Securities Act pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-208735), which was filed with the SEC on December 23, 2015 and amended subsequently and declared effective on February 10, 2016. The underwriters of the offering were Leerink Partners and RBC Capital Markets, acting as joint book-running managers for the offering and as representatives of the underwriters. Baird and H.C. Wainwright   Co. acted as co-managers for the offering. We raised approximately $42.5 million in net proceeds in the IPO after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of approximately $3.5 million and other offering expenses of $4.0 million. No offering expenses were paid directly or indirectly to any of our directors or officers (or their associates) or persons owning ten percent or more of any class of our equity securities or to any other affiliates. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our initial public offering as described in our final prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act. 

59 

Item    3.   
 
        Defaults Upon Senior Securities     

 Not applicable. 

Item      4.   
 
     Mine Safety Disclosures    

 Not applicable. 

Item  5.   
 
     Other Information    

 Not applicable. 

Item      6.   
 
     Exhibits    

 The exhibits filed as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are set forth on the Exhibit Index, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

60 

SIGNA  TURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

PROTEOSTASIS THERAPEUTICS, INC.  

Date: November 10, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Meenu Chhabra   

Meenu Chhabra  

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: November 10, 2016  

By:  

/s/ James DeTore   

James DeTore  

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer)  

Date: November 10, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Brett Hagen   

Brett Hagen  

Controller 
 (Principal Accounting Officer)  

61 

EXHIBIT INDEX  

#   
 
 Represents management contract or compensation plan, contract, or agreement.    

62  

<EX-10.2>
 2
 pti-ex102_364.htm
 EX-10.2

pti-ex102_364.htm

Exhibit 10.2 

CONFIDENTIAL 
   
 October 21, 2016 

Re:   Amended and Restated Employment Agreement  
   
     Dear Meenu: 
                        The Board of Directors has   recently reviewed the terms and conditions of your employment and   is   pleased to provide this amended and restated letter agreement (the  Agreement ) modifying the terms of your employment in your   continuing   role as President and Chief   Executive  Officer of   Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. ( Proteostasis  or the  Company ).  This Agreement amends, restates, and supersedes in its entirety the letter agreement dated April 4, 2014 between you and the Company (the  Offer Letter Agreement ) and the letter agreement dated March 10, 2016.  This Agreement is effective as of the date hereof. 
                         1.   Position and Duties   .  You   will continue to   serve as   the   President   and   Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) of the Company.  In this capacity,   you will have control over and responsibili  ty for   the day-to-day business and affairs of the Company and the authority and duties customarily assigned to the President and CEO roles, as well as such other duties and responsibilities as   may from time to time be prescribed by the Board of Directors (the  Board ).  You will serve on the Board as long as you are President and CEO of the Company and will resign upon the termination of your employment for any reason.  You further agree to recuse yourself from any Board meeting or portion of a Board meetin  g concerning the terms of your employment or its continuation or possible termination.  You shall use your best efforts and devote your full working time to performing your responsibilities for the Company.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may serve on other boards of directors or undertake other professional or charitable activities if (i) they do not conflict with any of your obligations to the Company and (ii) such activities are approved by the Board or its Executive Committee.  You may also undertake charitable activities without the approval of the Board or its Executive Committee if (i) they do not conflict with any of your obligations to the Company and (ii) they do not involve a material time commitment, individually or in the aggregate.   
 Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. | 200 Technology Square, Fourth Floor, Cambridge, MA 02139 | T: 617.225.0096 

Meenu Chhabra   
 October 21, 2016 
 Page 2 

2.    Compen  sation and Benefits  .   
   (a)   Base Salary   . Your base salary will be at the rate of $465,000 per year and will be paid out on a bi-weekly basis for so long as you remain an employee of Proteostasis.  Your base salary shall be reviewed annually by the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board (the  Compensation Committee ). 
 (b)   Bonus Plan .  You will be eligible to receive an annual cash bonus pursuant to the Company s Senior Executive Cash Incentive Bonus Plan, as it may be amended from time to time, with an individual  target bonus opportunity  for purposes of such plan of 50% of your base salary. 
           (c)   Equity Grant   .  Nothing in this Agreement affects any prior grant by the Company to you of options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock as set forth in Incent  ive Stock Option   Agreements   ( Stock Agreements ), which are   subject to the Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2008 Plan ) and the 2016 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the  2016 Plan ) and, together with the Stock Agreements, the  Equity Documents .     
   (d)   Other Benefits .  Proteostasis offers a range of fringe benefit plans, including a 401(k) plan and medical, dental, life, and disability insurances.   Some of these plans require that you share in the cost; some are paid for by the Company.  Information relating to these plans has previously been made available to you.  You will be entitled to participate in or receive benefits under the Company s existing and future employee benefit plans, as amended or adopted from time to time,   subject to the terms and conditions of those employee benefit plans.  You shall be entitled to participate in all benefit plans that are made generally available to all or most other senior executive employees of the Company.  The Company reimburses business expenses pursuant to its travel and expense policy, as the same shall be in effect from time to time, and you are responsible for expenses for travel between your home and the Company s office at which you are based, as well as meals not reimbursable as a business expense. 
 (e)   Vacation .  You will be entitled to up to 20 days of paid vacation in each year, subject to the Company s vacation policy in effect, as amended from time to time, prorated for any portion of a calendar year of your employment.   
 Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. | 200 Technology Square, Fourth Floor, Cambridge, MA 02139 | T: 617.225.0096 

Meenu Chhabra   
 October 21, 2016 
 Page 3 

3.    Termin  ation  .  Your employment may be terminated under the following circumstances:   
 (a)   Termination by the Company for Cause .  The Company may terminate your employment at any time for Cause.  For purposes of this Agreement,  Cause  shall mean: 
     (i)  material   non-performance of your duties under this Agreement (other than by reason of your physical or mental illness, incapacity or disability) which has continued at for least 30 days following written notice of such non-performance from the Board in reasonable detail; 
 (ii)  your commission of any act of material and willful misconduct, fraud or dishonesty,  provided  that this shall not include the occasional, customary and  de minimis  use of Company property for personal purposes; 
 (iii)  your gross negligence in the performance of your duties under this Agreement with respect to any material matter; 
 (iv)  actions or omissions by you that satisfy the elements of (A) any felony or (B) a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude, deceit, dishonesty or fraud; 
       (v)  a material breach by you of any of your obligations under this Agreement; 
       (vi)    a material breach by you of any of your obligations under the Employee Proprietary Information, Inventions, Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement between you and Proteostasis (the  Restrictive Covenants Agreement  
     (vii)  a material violation by you of any of the Company s written employment policies related to conduct or ethics; or 
       (viii)  your failure to cooperate with a bona fide internal investigation or an investigation by regulatory or law enforcement authorities, after being instructed by the Company to cooperate, or your willful destruction or failure to preserve documents or other materials known to be relevant to such investigation or the inducement of others to fail to cooperate or to produce documents or other   materials in connection with such investigation;  provided  that your exercise of your constitutional right not to make self-incriminating statements in response to inquiries by regulatory or law enforcement authorities shall not constitute a failure to cooperate with an investigation by such authorities.   
 Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. | 200 Technology Square, Fourth Floor, Cambridge, MA 02139 | T: 617.225.0096 

Meenu Chhabra   
 October 21, 2016 
 Page 4 

(b)    Termination by the Company without Cause  . The Company may terminate your employment at any time without Cause.  Any termination by the Company of your employment which does not constitute a termination for   Cause or a termination due to a determination that you are Disabled pursuant to Section 3(e) shall be deemed a termination without Cause.   
 (c)   Termination by You .  You may terminate your employment at any time for any reason, including, but not limited to, Good Reason.  For purposes of this Agreement,  Good Reason  shall mean that you have complied with the Good Reason Process (hereinafter defined) following the occurrence of any of the following events (each, a  Good Reason Condition ): 
 (i)  a material diminution in your responsibilities, authority or duties; 
     (ii)  a change in your job title such that your title no longer includes the position of Chief Executive Officer; 
       (iii)  a reduction in your base salary; 
     (iv)  a requirement that you regularly report to anyone other than the Board or the board of directors of a successor or acquirer; 
     (v)  a relocation of the Company s headquarters by more than 50 miles of driving distance from its current location unless such relocation results in the Company s headquarters moving closer in distance to your then-permanent residence; or 
     (vi)  a material breach of this Agreement by the Company;  
   provided  that with respect to clauses (i) and (v), a suspension of any or all of your duties or responsibilities by the Company during an investigation that is initiated pursuant to a direction by the Board shall not constitute the occurrence of a Good Reason Condition or a breach of this Agreement;  provided    that your base salary, bonus eligibility and fringe benefit entitlements continue during the period of such suspension.    
   The  Good Reason Process  shall mean that (A) you reasonably determine in good faith that a Good Reason Condition has occurred; (B) you give the Company written notice of the first occurrence of the Good Reason Condition within 30 days of the first occurrence of such condition; (C) you cooperate in good faith with the Company s efforts for a period of not less than 30 days following such notice (the  Cure Period ) to remedy the Good Reason Condition; (D) notwithstanding such efforts, the Good Reason Condition continues to exist; and (E) you terminate your employment by giving a Notice of Termination (hereinafter defined) no later  
 Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. | 200 Technology Square, Fourth Floor, Cambridge, MA 02139 | T: 617.225.0096 

Meenu Chhabra   
 October 21, 2016 
 Page 5 

than 30 days after the expiration of the Cure Period.  If the Company cures the Good Reason Condition during the Cure Per  iod, Good Reason shall be deemed not to have occurred.  
 (d)   Death .  Your employment shall terminate upon your death, in which event the  Date of Termination  as defined below shall be the date of death. 
 (e)   Disability .  The Company may terminate your employment if you are Disabled.  You shall be considered to be  Disabled  if you are unable to perform the essential functions of your then existing position or positions under this Agreement (or are expected, based on a reasonable degree of medical certainty, to be unable to perform such functions) with or without reasonable accommodation for a period of 180 days (which need not be consecutive) in any twelve (12) month period.  If any question shall arise as to whether during any period you are Disabled, you may, and at the request of the Company shall, submit to the Company a certification in reasonable detail by a physician selected by the Company to whom you or your guardian has no reasonable objection as to whether you are Disabled and how long any inability to perform essential functions is expected to continue.  Such certification shall, for the purposes of this Agreement, be conclusive of the issue.  You shall cooperate with any reasonable request of the physician in connection with such certification.  If such question shall arise and you fail to submit such certification, the Company s determination of such issue shall be binding on you.  Any determination that you are Disabled and any termination of employment pursuant to this Section 3(e) must be made by vote of the Board.  Nothing in this Section 3(e) shall be construed to waive your rights, if any, under existing law including, without limitation, the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, 29 U.S.C.  2601  et seq . and the Americans with Disabilities Act, 42 U.S.C.  12101  et seq.    
 (f)   Notice of Termination .  Any termination of your employment by the Company or any such termination by you shall be communicated by written Notice of Termination to the other party.  A  Notice of Termination  shall indicate the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon.  
 (g)   Date of Termination .  Date of Termination  shall mean:  
 (i)  if your employment is terminated by the Company with or without Cause or due to a determination that you are Disabled, the date on which a Notice of Termination is given or such later effective date of termination (not to exceed 30 days after such Notice of Termination is given) as may be specified by the Company in such Notice of Termination;  
 (ii)  if your employment is terminated by you with or without Good Reason, 30 days after the date on which a Notice of Termination is given.  
 Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. | 200 Technology Square, Fourth Floor, Cambridge, MA 02139 | T: 617.225.0096 

Meenu Chhabra   
 October 21, 2016 
 Page 6 

Notwithstanding the foregoing  , in the event that you give a Notice of Termination to the Company, the Company may unilaterally accelerate the Date of Termination and such acceleration shall not result in a termination by the Company for purposes of this Agreement;   provided   that the Co  mpany pays you your base salary for the period of such acceleration.    
 4.   Compensation upon Termination .  
 (a)   Termination Generally . If your employment with the Company is terminated for any reason, the Company shall pay or provide to you (or your authorized representative or estate) any earned but unpaid salary and bonus, if any, unpaid expense reimbursements, accrued but unused vacation, and any vested benefits you may have under any employee benefit plan of the Company (the  Accrued Benefit ) on or before the time required by law, but in no event more than 30 days after your Date of Termination.  
 (b)   Certain Terminations of Employment .  If your employment is terminated by the Company for Cause or because you are Disabled, if you terminate your employment without Good Reason or if your employment ends because of your death, then the Company shall pay your Accrued Benefit through the Date of Termination and, except for the payment of the Accrued Benefit, your compensation, benefits, and stock option vesting shall cease as of the Date of Termination.   
 (c)   Termination by the Company without Cause or by You with Good Reason .  If your employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by you for Good Reason, in either case at any time prior to the occurrence of a Change in Control or at any time after the twelve (12) month anniversary following a Change in Control (hereinafter defined), then, in addition to the Accrued Benefit, you will be entitled to the following payments, benefits and other terms, subject to the Separation Agreement and Release requirement below:  
       (i)    The Company shall pay you severance pay in the form of continuation of your base salary for the   twelve   (12) month period immediately following the Date of Termination (such severance pay being  Severance Pay;  such period being the  Severance Period ) in accordance with the Company s payroll practice, beginning on the Company s first regular payroll date that occurs 35 days after the Date of Termination, with the first payment to include a payment for all amounts delayed due to the 35-day period;  provided  that, solely for purposes of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ), each installment of Severance Pay is considered a separate payment.   
     (ii)  If you were participating in the Company s group health plans immediately prior to the Date of Termination and elect COBRA health continuation, the Company shall pay a monthly cash payment through the end of the Severance Period, the end of your COBRA health continuation period or your eligibility for group medical  
 Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. | 200 Technology Square, Fourth Floor, Cambridge, MA 02139 | T: 617.225.0096 

Meenu Chhabra   
 October 21, 2016 
 Page 7 

care coverage through subsequent employment, whichever occurs earliest, in an amount equal to the monthly employer contribution that the Company would have made to provide health insurance to you if you had remained employed by th    e Company (the  Health Benefit;  together with the Severance Pay, the  Severance Benefits ).  The Company shall make such monthly cash payment directly to the applicable insurer(s) along with the regular employee contributions, which   employee contributions   the Company   may withhold from the Severance Pay;   provided   that if the Company determines that its payment of the Health Benefit is taxable income to you, it may pay such amount directly to you subject to applicable tax-related deductions and withholdings.      
               (iii)  On the date that is thirty-five (35) days after the Date of Termination, any outstanding equity grants that are subject to vesting based only on the passage of time in service will vest with respect to that number of shares which would have vested if yo  u had continued in employment with the Company for a period of   twelve   (12  ) months following the Date of Termination in accordance with any such equity grant s vesting schedule.  The shares representing the difference between the number of shares that are vested on the Date of Termination and the number which would have vested if you had continued in employment with the Company for a period of twelve (12) months following the Date of Termination in accordance with any such equity grant s vesting schedule are referred to as the  Additional Shares.     Any termination or forfeiture of the Additional Shares that would otherwise occur on the Date of Termination in the absence of this Agreement will be delayed until the 35 th  day after the Date of Termination and wil  l only occur if the Company has timely tendered a   Separation Agreement and Release as defined below but such Separation Agreement and Release has not become fully executed and effective.  You shall have 90 days from the Date of Termination to exercise vested equity grants (but in no event later than the applicable expiration date). 
   The Company shall have the option to condition the Severance Benefits and the vesting pursuant to Section 4(c)(iii) on your timely execution and non-revocation of a separation agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit A, subject to any modifications based on legal developments occurring after the effective date of this Agreement (a  Separation Agreement and Release ).  To exercise such option, the Company must tender a Separation Agreement and Release to you no later than five (5) days after the termination of your employment. 
   (d)   Mitigation .  If at any time during Severance Period you obtain employment in any capacity that entitles you to aggregate cash compensation equal to or greater than the aggregate amount of the Severance Pay, the Company shall discontinue payment of the Severance Pay.  Further, if at any time during the Severance Period you obtain employment in any capacity that entitles you to aggregate cash compensation less than the  
 Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. | 200 Technology Square, Fourth Floor, Cambridge, MA 02139 | T: 617.225.0096 

Meenu Chhabra   
 October 21, 2016 
 Page 8 

aggregate amount of the Severance Pay, then the Company shall reduce the remaining balance of the Sev  erance Benefits by the difference between such aggregate cash compensation and the aggregate amount of the Severance Pay.  You agree to notify the Company promptly if you obtain employment with another employer.  You also agree to respond promptly and full  y to any reasonable requests for information by the Company concerning your employment status and aggregate cash compensation.  If the Company pays any amount of Severance Pay as a result of your failure to respond promptly or fully to any such request, yo  u shall reimburse the Company for all such overpaid Severance Pay.    
 (e)   No Offset .  In the event of termination of your employment, you will be under no obligation to seek other employment and, except to the extent otherwise expressly provided elsewhere in this Agreement, there shall be no offset against amounts due to you on account of any remuneration or benefits provided by any subsequent employment you may obtain.  If you engage in a material breach of your obligations under this Agreement or a breach of the Restrictive Covenants Agreement, the Company may cease providing any Severance Benefits or CIC Severance Benefits (as defined below) that would otherwise be due to you.  Except to the extent set forth above or otherwise expressly provided elsewhere in this Agreement, the Company s obligation to make any payment pursuant to, and otherwise to perform its obligations under, this Agreement shall not be affected by any offset, counterclaim or other right that the Company may have against you for any reason. 
 5.   Change in Control Provisions . The provisions of this Section 5 set forth your rights and obligations upon the occurrence of a Change in Control of the Company.  These provisions are intended to assure and encourage in advance your continued attention and dedication to your assigned duties and your objectivity during the pendency and after the occurrence of any such event.   These provisions shall apply in lieu of, and expressly supersede, the Severance Benefits set forth in Section 4 (other than the mitigation provision in Section 4(d), which shall also apply to the CIC Severance Benefits under this Section 5 to the same extent that Severance Benefits are subject to mitigation under Section 4) and Section 4(c)(iii) if a termination of your employment occurs within 12 months after the occurrence of a Change in Control.  
 (a)   Termination of Employment without Cause or for Good Reason Following a Change in Control . If within 12 months after a Change in Control, your employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by you for Good Reason, then, in addition to the Accrued Benefit, you will be entitled to the following payments, benefits and other terms, subject to the Separation Agreement and Release requirement below:  
         (i)  The Company shall pay you severance pay in   the form of continuation of your base salary for the   eighteen   (18) month period immediately following the Date of Termination (such severance pay being  CIC Severance Pay;  such period being the  CIC Severance Period ) in accordance with the Company s payroll  
 Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. | 200 Technology Square, Fourth Floor, Cambridge, MA 02139 | T: 617.225.0096 

Meenu Chhabra   
 October 21, 2016 
 Page 9 

practice, beginning on the Company s first regular payroll date that occurs 35 days after the Date of Termination, with the first payment to include a payment for all amounts delayed due to the 35-day period;   provided   that, solely for purposes of Secti  on 409A of the Code, each installment of CIC Severance Pay is considered a separate payment.    
 (ii)  If you were participating in the Company s group health plans immediately prior to the Date of Termination and elect COBRA health continuation, the Company shall pay you a monthly cash payment through the end of the CIC Severance Period, the end of your COBRA health continuation period or your eligibility for group medical care coverage through subsequent employment, whichever occurs earliest, in an amount equal to the monthly employer contribution that the Company would have made to provide health insurance to you if you had remained employed by the Company (the  CIC Health Benefit  together with that CIC Severance Pay, the  CIC Severance Benefits ).  The Company shall make such monthly cash payment directly to the applicable insurer(s) along with the regular employee contributions, which it may withhold from the CIC Severance Pay;  provided  that if the Company determines that its payment of the CIC Health Benefit is taxable income to you, it may pay such amount directly to you subject to applicable tax-related deductions and withholdings.   
     (iii)  On the date that is thirty-five (35) days after the Date of Termination, 100% of your then outstanding unvested equity that is subject to vesting based only on the passage of time in service shall immediately vest and become fully exercisable and not subject to forfeiture.  Any termination or forfeiture of the unvested portion of such equity grant that would otherwise occur on the Date of Termination in absence of this Agreement will be delayed until the 35 th    day after the Date of Termination and will only occur if the Company has timely tendered a   Separation Agreement and Release as defined below but such Separation Agreement and Release has not become fully executed and effective.  You shall have 90 days from the Date of Termination to exercise vested equity grants (but in no event later than the applicable expiration date).   
   The Company shall have the option to condition the CIC Severance Benefits and the vesting pursuant to Section 5(c)(iii) on your timely execution and non-revocation of a Separation Agreement and Release.  To exercise such option, the Company must tender a Separation Agreement and Release to you no later than five (5) days after the termination of your employment.   
 (b)   Additional Limitation . 
   (i)  Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event that the amount of any compensation, payment or distribution by the Company to or for the benefit of you, whether paid or payable or distributed or  
 Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. | 200 Technology Square, Fourth Floor, Cambridge, MA 02139 | T: 617.225.0096 

Meenu Chhabra   
 October 21, 2016 
 Page 10 

distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise, calculated in a manner consistent with Section 280G of the Code and the applicable regulations thereunder (the  Aggregate Payments ), would be   subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, then the Aggregate Payments shall be reduced (but not below zero) so that the sum of all of the Aggregate Payments shall be $1.00 less than the amount at which you become subject to the excise   tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code; provided that such reduction shall only occur if it would result in you receiving a higher After Tax Amount (as defined below) than you would receive if the Aggregate Payments were not subject to such reduction.  In   such event, the Aggregate Payments shall be reduced in the following order, in each case, in reverse chronological order beginning with the Aggregate Payments that are to be paid the furthest in time from consummation of the transaction that is subject to   Section 280G of the Code:  (A) cash payments not subject to Section 409A of the Code; (B) cash payments subject to Section 409A of the Code; (C) equity-based payments and acceleration; and (D) non-cash forms of benefits; provided that in the case of all t  he foregoing Aggregate Payments all amounts or payments that are not subject to calculation under Treas. Reg.  1.280G-1, Q A-24(b) or (c) shall be reduced before any amounts that are subject to calculation under Treas. Reg.  1.280G-1, Q A-24(b) or (c).  
 (ii)  For purposes of this Section 5(b), the  After Tax Amount  means the amount of the Aggregate Payments less all federal, state, and local income, excise and employment taxes imposed on you as a result of your receipt of the Aggregate Payments.  For purposes of determining the After Tax Amount, you shall be deemed to pay federal income taxes at the highest marginal rate of federal income taxation applicable to individuals for the calendar year in which the determination is to be made, and state and local income taxes at the highest marginal rates of individual taxation in each applicable state and locality, net of the maximum reduction in federal income taxes which could be obtained from deduction of such state and local taxes.  
 (iii)  The determination as to whether a reduction in the Aggregate Payments shall be made pursuant to Section 5(b)(i) shall be made by a nationally recognized accounting firm selected by the Company (the  Accounting Firm ), which shall provide detailed supporting calculations both to the Company and you within fifteen (15) business days of the Date of Termination, if applicable, or at such earlier time as is reasonably requested by the Company or you.  Any determination by the Accounting Firm shall be binding upon the Company and you. 
 (c)   Definition of Change in Control . For purposes of this Agreement,  Change in Control  shall mean any of the following:  
   (i)  any  person,  as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Act ) (other than the Company,  
 Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. | 200 Technology Square, Fourth Floor, Cambridge, MA 02139 | T: 617.225.0096 

Meenu Chhabra   
 October 21, 2016 
 Page 11 

any of its subsidiaries, or any trustee, fiduciary or other person or entity holding securities under any employee benefit plan or trust of the Company or any of its subsidiaries), together with all  affiliates  and  associates  (as such terms are define  d in Rule 12b-2 under the Act) of such person, is or shall become the  beneficial owner  (as such term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 50% or more of the combined voting power of th  e Company s then outstanding securities, other than as a result of the acquisition of newly issued shares of capital stock of the Company pursuant to any financing transaction by the Company or otherwise; or  
 (ii)  the consummation of (A) any consolidation or merger of the Company where the stockholders of the Company, immediately prior to the consolidation or merger, would not, immediately after the consolidation or merger, beneficially own (as such term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Act), directly or indirectly, shares representing in the aggregate more than 50% of the voting shares of the company issuing cash or securities in the consolidation or merger (or of its ultimate parent corporation, if any), or (B) any sale or other transfer (in one transaction or a series of transactions contemplated or arranged by any party as a single plan) of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (other than in connection with the wind-up, liquidation or dissolution of the Company); 
 provided, however , that any public offering or any other capital raising event of the Company, public or private, or a merger effected solely to change the Company s domicile shall not constitute a Change in Control.  
   6.   Section 409A Compliance .  Each payment pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be considered a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A.  A termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment of any amount or benefit upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination is also a  separation from service  within the meaning of Internal Revenue Code Section 409A ( Section 409A ) and, for purposes of this Agreement, references to a  termination,   termination of employment  or like terms shall mean  separation from service.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if you are a  specified employee  (within the meaning of Section 409A) on the date of your separation from service, then any payments or benefits that otherwise would be payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement within the first 6 months following your separation from service (the  409A Suspension Period ), shall instead be paid in a lump sum within 14 days after the end of the 6-month period following your separation from service, or your death, if sooner, but only to the extent that such payments or benefits provide for the  deferral of compensation  within the meaning of Section 409A, after application of the exemptions provided in Sections 1.409A-1(b)(4) and 1.409A-1(b)(9)(ii)-(v) thereof. After the  
 Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. | 200 Technology Square, Fourth Floor, Cambridge, MA 02139 | T: 617.225.0096 

Meenu Chhabra   
 October 21, 2016 
 Page 12 

409A Suspension Period, you will receive any remaining payments and benefits due in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (as if there had not been any suspension beforehand).  T  he Company will cooperate with you in making any amendments to this Agreement that you reasonably request to avoid the imposition of taxes or penalties under Section 409A of the Code provided that such changes do not provide you with additional benefits (o  ther than   de minimis   benefits) under this terms of this Agreement.   
 7.   Litigation and Regulatory Cooperation .  During and after your employment, you shall cooperate fully with the Company in the defense or prosecution of any claims or actions now in existence or which may be brought in the future against or on behalf of the Company which relate to events or occurrences that transpired while you were employed by the Company ( Cooperation Services   provided  that for all time in excess of ten (10) hours that you reasonably expend in providing Cooperation Services after the end of the Severance Period or CIC Severance Period (as applicable) or after the Date of Termination in the event that you are not entitled to the Severance Benefits or the CIC Severance Benefits, the Company shall compensate you at an hourly rate equal to your final base salary rate divided by 2,080;  provided  further that your right to such compensation shall not apply to time spent in activities that could have been compelled pursuant to a subpoena, including testimony and related attendance at depositions, hearings or trials and time spent waiting to engage in such activities.  Your full cooperation in connection with such claims or actions shall include, but not be limited to, being available to meet with counsel to prepare for discovery or trial and to act as a witness on behalf of the Company at mutually convenient times.  During and after your employment, you also shall cooperate fully with the Company in connection with any investigation or review of any federal, state or local regulatory authority as any such investigation or review relates to events or occurrences that transpired while you were employed by the Company.  The Company shall reimburse you for any reasonable out of pocket expenses incurred in connection with your performance of obligations pursuant to this Section 7. 
   8.   Arbitration of Disputes .  Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the breach thereof or otherwise arising out of your employment or the termination of that employment (including, without limitation, any claims of unlawful employment discrimination whether based on age or otherwise and any other claim based on a statute, including a statutory claim for wages, as well as contractual and common law claims) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be settled by arbitration in any forum and form agreed upon by the parties or, in the absence of such an agreement, under the auspices of the American Arbitration Association ( AAA ) in Boston, Massachusetts in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules of the AAA, including, but not limited to, the rules and procedures applicable to the selection of arbitrators.  In the event that any person or entity other than you or the Company may be a party with regard to any such controversy or claim, such controversy or claim shall be submitted to arbitration subject to such other person or entity s agreement.  Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in  
 Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. | 200 Technology Square, Fourth Floor, Cambridge, MA 02139 | T: 617.225.0096 

Meenu Chhabra   
 October 21, 2016 
 Page 13 

any court havi  ng jurisdiction thereof.  This Section 8 shall be specifically enforceable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 8 shall not preclude either party from pursuing a court action for the sole purpose of obtaining a temporary restraining order or a prel  iminary injunction in circumstances in which such relief is appropriate;   provided   that any other relief shall be pursued through an arbitration proceeding pursuant to this Section 8.  The prevailing party in any arbitration proceeding pursuant to this Sect  ion 8 shall be entitled to recover such party s reasonable attorneys  fees and costs from the non-prevailing party.  
 9.   Consent to Jurisdiction . To the extent that any court action is permitted consistent with or to enforce Section 8 of this Agreement, you and the Company hereby consent to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.  The prevailing party in any court action pursuant to this Section 9 shall be entitled to recover such party s reasonable attorneys  fees and costs from the non-prevailing party. 
 10.   Your Successors .  The terms of this Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by your personal representatives, executors, administrators, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees.  In the event of your death prior to the completion by the Company of all payments due hereunder, the Company shall continue such payments to any beneficiary designated in writing to the Company prior to your death (or to your estate, if you do not make such designation).  This Agreement shall be binding upon you and your successors, permitted assigns, personal representatives, executors, administrators, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees.  Except to the extent contemplated under this Section 10, you may not assign this Agreement nor any of your rights or obligations under this Agreement, whether voluntarily, by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the Company. 
 11.   Governing Law . The terms of this Agreement shall be construed under and be governed in all respects by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles of such state.  
 12.   Binding Effect on Company and Successors . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the Company and its successors and permitted assigns.   Without your prior written consent, the Company may not assign this Agreement, nor any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, whether voluntarily, by operation of law or otherwise, except (a) to a controlled affiliate of the Company and (b) to a successor or acquirer of the Company in connection with a Change in Control. 
 Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. | 200 Technology Square, Fourth Floor, Cambridge, MA 02139 | T: 617.225.0096 

Meenu Chhabra   
 October 21, 2016 
 Page 14 

13.    Integration  .  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter here  of and supersedes all prior agreements between the parties concerning such subject matter, except for the Restrictive Covenants Agreement, the Equity Documents and any indemnification agreement between you and the Company.  For the avoidance of doubt, this   Agreement supersedes all provisions of the Offer Letter Agreement.  
 14.   Miscellaneous Provisions . 
 (a)  You shall continue to observe and perform all of your obligations under the Restrictive Covenants Agreement.   
 (b)  You affirm that at the time you were initially hired by the Company, you completed, as required by law, the Employment Eligibility Verification Form, IRCA I-9.  
 Please indicate your acceptance of this Agreement by signing one copy of this letter and returning it so that I receive it no later than one week from date sent, after which date the offer of this Agreement will expire if not accepted.  
   
         The Board of Direc  tors is   enthusiastic about your continued employment with Proteostasis.    We believe that your continued contribution will play an important role in helping accelerate the development of Proteostasis into a profitable and growing company. Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions. 

Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. | 200 Technology Square, Fourth Floor, Cambridge, MA 02139 | T: 617.225.0096 

EXHIBIT A  
   SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND RELEASE 
   This is the Separation Agreement and Release (the  Agreement ) as defined in Section 4(c) of the Employment Agreement by and between Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. (the  Company ) and Meenu Chhabra (the  Executive ), dated as of October 21, 2016 (the  Amended and Restated Employment Agreement  or the  Employment Agreement ).  The Executive s execution and non-revocation of this Agreement is a condition of certain payments to the Executive and other terms pursuant to Section 4(c) or Section 5(a) of the Employment Agreement;  provided  that the Company also executes this Agreement.   
     1.   Release of Claims  .  The Executive voluntarily releases and forever discharges the Company, its affiliated and related entities, their predecessors, successors and assigns, their employee benefit plans and fiduciaries of such plans, and the current and former officers, directors, shareholders, employees, attorneys, accountants and agents of any and all of the foregoing in their official and personal capacities (collectively referred to as the  Releasees ) generally from all claims, demands, debts, damages and liabilities of every name and nature, known or unknown ( Claims ) that, as of the date when the Executive signs this Agreement, the Executive has, ever had, claims to have or ever claimed to have had against any or all of the Releasees.  This includes, without limitation, the release of all Claims:  

relating to the Executive s employment by the Company and the termination of such employment;     

of wrongful discharge;     

of breach of contract;     

of retaliation or discrimination under federal, state or local law (including, without limitation, Claims of age discrimination or retaliation under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, Claims of disability discrimination or retaliation under the Americans with Disabilities Act, Claims of discrimination or retaliation under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and Claims of any form of discrimination or retaliation that is prohibited by   Massachusetts law);     

under any other federal, state or city statute or regulation;     

of defamation or other torts;     

of violation of public policy;      

for wages, bonuses, incentive compensation, paid time off or any other compensation or benefits; and     

for damages or other remedies of any sort, including, without limitation, compensatory damages, punitive damages, injunctive relief and attorney s fees;     

provided , however, that this release shall not affect the Executive s rights, if any, (i) under any Section 401(k) plan, (ii) to indemnification, advancement and/or directors and officers insurance coverage, (iii) under any equity awards issued pursuant to Section 2(b) of the Employment Agreement or otherwise granted by the Company in writing pursuant to the   
  1  

approval of the Company s Board of Directors, or (iv) under Sections 2, 4(c) or 5(a) of the Employment Agr  eement.  
   The Executive agrees that she shall not seek or accept damages of any nature, other equitable or legal remedies for her own benefit, attorney s fees, or costs from any of the Releasees with respect to any Claim released by this Agreement.  She further represents that she has not assigned to any third party and she has not filed with any agency or court any Claim released by this Agreement. 
     2.   The Company s Release of Claims  .  The Company voluntarily releases and forever discharges the Executive generally from all Claims that, as of the date when it signed this Agreement, ever had, claims to have or ever claimed to have had against the Executive, including, without limitation, all Claims relating to the Executive s employment by and termination of employment with the Company;   provided   that (i) the Company does not waive any of its rights under the Employment Agreement or the Employee Proprietary Information, Inventions, Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement between the Company and the Executive (the  Restrictive Covenants Agreement  and (ii) the Company does not release the Executive from any civil Claim that is based on conduct that also satisfies the elements of a criminal offense.    
         3.   Ongoing Obligations    .  This Agreement shall not affect the Executive s ongoing obligations under the Employment Agreement or   the Restrictive Covenants Agreement.    
     4.   Non-Disparagement  .  The Executive agrees not to make any disparaging statements concerning (i) the Company or any of its affiliates, (ii) the products or services provided by any of the foregoing or (iii) any current or former officers, directors or employees of any of the foregoing.  The Company shall direct all members of its Board of Directors and all employees holding positions at or above the level of Senior Vice President not to make any disparaging statements concerning the Executive.  The scope of persons to receive such directions may be reduced at the option of the Executive if the Executive so requests in writing before such directions are issued.  These non-disparagement obligations shall not apply to any person s statements as a witness in a legal proceeding or as otherwise required by law.  The Executive understands that nothing in this paragraph or in any other provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted or applied to prohibit her from making any good faith report to any governmental agency or other governmental entity concerning any acts or omissions that she may believe to constitute a possible violation of federal or state law or making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of applicable federal or state law or regulation.  
       5.   Right to Consider and Revoke Agreement  .  The Executive acknowledges that she has been given the opportunity to consider this Agreement for a period ending twenty-one (21) days after the date when it was proposed to her.  In the event that the Executive executed this Agreement within less than twenty-one (21) days after such date, she acknowledges that such decision was entirely voluntary and that she had the opportunity to consider this Agreement until the end of the twenty-one (21) day period.  To accept this Agreement, the Executive shall   
   
  2  

deliver a signed Agreement to the   Company within such twenty-one (21) day period.  The Company may specify a designated recipient for the Agreement by written notice to the Employee (a  Company Representative ).  For a period of seven (7) days from the date when the Executive executes this   Agreement (the  Revocation Period ), the Executive shall retain the right to revoke this Agreement by written notice that is received by the Company (or a Company Representative, if designated) on or before the last day of the Revocation Period.  This Agr  eement shall take effect only if it is executed within the twenty-one (21) day period as set forth above and if it is not revoked pursuant to the preceding sentence.  If those conditions are satisfied, this Agreement shall become effective and enforceable   on the date immediately following the last day of the Revocation Period (the  Effective Date ).  
     6.   Other Terms  .  

(a)   
 
      Legal Representation; Review of Release  .  The Executive acknowledges that she has been advised to discuss all aspects of this Agreement with her attorney, that she has carefully read and fully understands all of the provisions of this Agreement and that she is voluntarily entering into this Agreement.     

(b)   
 
      Binding Nature of Release  .  This Agreement shall be binding upon the parties and their heirs, administrators, representatives, and successors.     

(c)   
 
      Amendment  .  This Agreement may be amended only upon a written agreement executed by both parties.     

(d)   
 
      Severability  .  In the event that at any future time it is determined by an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction that any covenant, clause, provision or term of this Agreement is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions and terms of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby and the illegal, invalid or unenforceable term or provision shall be severed from the remainder of this Agreement.  In the event of such severance, the remaining covenants shall be binding and enforceable.     

(e)   
 
      Governing Law and Interpretation  .  This Agreement shall be deemed to be made and entered into in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and shall in all respects be interpreted, enforced and governed under the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions of Massachusetts law.  The language of all parts of this Agreement shall in all cases be construed as a whole, according to its fair meaning, and not strictly for or against the Company or the Executive.     

3  

(f)   
 
              E  ntire Agreement; Absence of Reliance  .  Each party acknowledges that she or it is not relying on any promises o    r representations by the other party or her or its agents, representatives or attorneys regarding any subject matter addressed in this Agreement.     

So agreed.  

Meenu Chhabra  

Date  

PROTEOSTASIS THERAPEUTICS, INC.  

By:  

Name:  

Date  

Title:  

4  

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 3
 pti-ex103_363.htm
 EX-10.3

pti-ex103_363.htm

Exhibit 10.3 

CONFIDENTIAL 
   
 October 21, 2016 
   
 Re: Amended and Restated   Employment Agreement  
   
 Dear Po-Shun: 
    I have recently reviewed the terms and conditions of your employment and am pleased to provide this amended and restated letter agreement (the  Agreement ) modifying the terms of your employment in your continuing role as Executive Vice President, Chief Me  dical Officer of Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. ( Proteostasis  or the  Company ).  This Agreement amends, restates, and supersedes in its entirety the letter agreement dated October 24, 2014 between you and the Company (the  Offer Letter Agreement ) and the letter agreement dated March 16, 2016.  This Agreement is effective as of the date hereof. 
 1.   Position and Duties .  You currently serve as Executive Vice President, Chief Medical Officer of the Company.  In this capacity, you will report directly to the Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) of the Company and will have responsibility for performing those duties as are customary for, and consistent with, your position with Company, as well as those duties as the CEO may from time to time designate.  You shall use your best efforts and devote your full working time to performing your responsibilities for the Company.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may serve on other boards of directors or undertake other professional or charitable activities if (i) they do not conflict with any of your obligations to the Company and (ii) such activities are approved by the Board of Directors (the  Board ) or its Executive Committee.  You may also undertake charitable activities without the approval of the Board or its Executive Committee if (i) they do not conflict with any of your obligations to the Company and (ii) they do not involve a material time commitment, individually or in the aggregate.   
 2.   Compensation and Benefits .  
 (a)   Base Salary . Your base salary will be at the rate of $340,000.00 per year and will be paid out on a bi-weekly basis for so long as you remain an employee of Proteostasis.  Your base salary shall be reviewed annually by the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board (the  Compensation Committee ). 
 Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. | 200 Technology Square, Fourth Floor, Cambridge, MA 02139 | T: 617.225.0096 

Po-Shun Lee, M.D. 
 October 21, 2016 
 Page 2 of 18 

(b)    Bonu  s Plan  .  You will be eligible to receive an annual cash bonus pursuant to the Company s Senior Executive Cash Incentive Bonus Plan, as it may be amended from time to time  , with an individual  target bonus opportunity  for purposes of such plan of 35% of yo  ur base salary  .    
           (c)   Equity Grant   .  Nothing in this Agreement affects any prior grant by the Company to you of options   to purchase shares of the Company s common stock as set forth in Incentive Stock Option   Agreements   ( Stock Agreements ), which are subject to the Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2008 Plan ) and the 2016 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the  2016 Plan )   and, together with the Stock Agreements, the  Equity Documents . 
 (d)   Other Benefits .  Proteostasis offers a range of fringe benefit plans, including a 401(k) plan and medical, dental, life, and disability insurances.   Some of these plans require that you share in the cost; some are paid for by the Company.  Information relating to these plans has previously been made available to you.  You will be entitled to participate in or receive benefits under the Company s existing and future employee benefit plans, as amended or adopted from time to time, subject to the terms and conditions of those employee benefit plans.  You shall be entitled to participate in all benefit plans that are made generally available to all or most other senior executive employees of the Company.   
 (e)   Vacation .  You will be entitled to up to 20 days of paid vacation in each year, subject to the Company s vacation policy in effect, as amended from time to time, prorated for any portion of a calendar year of your employment.   
 3.   Termination .  Your employment may be terminated under the following circumstances:  
 (a)   Termination by the Company for Cause .  The Company may terminate your employment at any time for Cause.  For purposes of this Agreement,  Cause  shall mean: 
 (i)  material non-performance of your duties under this Agreement (other than by reason of your physical or mental illness, incapacity or disability) which has continued at for least 30 days following written notice of such non-performance from the Board in reasonable detail; 
 (ii)  your commission of any act of material and willful misconduct, fraud or dishonesty,  provided  that this shall not include the occasional, customary and  de minimis  use of Company property for personal purposes; 
 (iii)  your gross negligence in the performance of your duties under this Agreement with respect to any material matter; 
 Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. | 200 Technology Square, Fourth Floor, Cambridge, MA 02139 | T: 617.225.0096 

Po-Shun Lee, M.D. 
 October 21, 2016 
 Page 3 of 18 

(iv)    actions   or omissions by you that satisfy the elements of (A) any felony or (B) a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude, deceit, dishonesty or fraud;  
 (v)  a material breach by you of any of your obligations under this Agreement; 
 (vi)  a material breach by you of any of your obligations under the Employee Proprietary Information, Inventions, Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement between you and Proteostasis (the  Restrictive Covenants Agreement  
 (vii)  a material violation by you of any of the Company s written employment policies related to conduct or ethics; or 
 (viii)  your failure to cooperate with a bona fide internal investigation or an investigation by regulatory or law enforcement authorities, after being instructed by the Company to cooperate, or your willful destruction or failure to preserve documents or other materials known to be relevant to such investigation or the inducement of others to fail to cooperate or to produce documents or other materials in connection with such investigation;  provided  that your exercise of your constitutional right not to make self-incriminating statements in response to inquiries by regulatory or law enforcement authorities shall not constitute a failure to cooperate with an investigation by such authorities.   
 (b)   Termination by the Company without Cause . The Company may terminate your employment at any time without Cause.  Any termination by the Company of your employment which does not constitute a termination for Cause or a termination due to a determination that you are Disabled pursuant to Section 3(e) shall be deemed a termination without Cause.  
 (c)   Termination by You .  You may terminate your employment at any time for any reason, including, but not limited to, Good Reason.  For purposes of this Agreement,  Good Reason  shall mean that you have complied with the Good Reason Process (hereinafter defined) following the occurrence of any of the following events (each, a  Good Reason Condition ): 
 (i)  a material diminution in your responsibilities, authority or duties; 
 (ii)  a change in your job title such that your title no longer includes the position of Chief Medical Officer; 
 (iii)  a reduction in your base salary; 
 (iv)  a requirement that you regularly report to anyone other than the Chief Executive Officer; 
 Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. | 200 Technology Square, Fourth Floor, Cambridge, MA 02139 | T: 617.225.0096 

Po-Shun Lee, M.D. 
 October 21, 2016 
 Page 4 of 18 

(v)    a relocation of the Company s headquarters by more than 50 mi  les of driving distance from its current location unless such relocation results in the Company s headquarters moving closer in distance to your then-permanent residence; or  
 (vi)  a material breach of this Agreement by the Company;  
 provided  that with respect to clauses (i) and (v), a suspension of any or all of your duties or responsibilities by the Company during an investigation that is initiated pursuant to a direction by the Board shall not constitute the occurrence of a Good Reason Condition or a breach of this Agreement;  provided  that your base salary, bonus eligibility and fringe benefit entitlements continue during the period of such suspension.    
 The  Good Reason Process  shall mean that (A) you reasonably determine in good faith that a Good Reason Condition has occurred; (B) you give the Company written notice of the first occurrence of the Good Reason Condition within 30 days of the first occurrence of such condition; (C) you cooperate in good faith with the Company s efforts for a period of not less than 30 days following such notice (the  Cure Period ) to remedy the Good Reason Condition; (D) notwithstanding such efforts, the Good Reason Condition continues to exist; and (E) you terminate your employment by giving a Notice of Termination (hereinafter defined) no later than 30 days after the expiration of the Cure Period.  If the Company cures the Good Reason Condition during the Cure Period, Good Reason shall be deemed not to have occurred. 
 (d)   Death .  Your employment shall terminate upon your death, in which event the  Date of Termination  as defined below shall be the date of death. 
   (e)   Disability .  The Company may terminate your employment if you are Disabled.  You shall be considered to be  Disabled  if you are unable to perform the essential functions of your then existing position or positions under this Agreement (or are expected, based on a reasonable degree of medical certainty, to be unable to perform such functions) with or without reasonable accommodation for a period of 180 days (which need not be consecutive) in any twelve (12) month period.  If any question shall arise as to whether during any period you are Disabled, you may, and at the request of the Company shall, submit to the Company a certification in reasonable detail by a physician selected by the Company to whom you or your guardian has no reasonable objection as to whether you are Disabled and how long any inability to perform essential functions is expected to continue.  Such certification shall, for the purposes of this Agreement, be conclusive of the issue.  You shall cooperate with any reasonable request of the physician in connection with such certification.  If such question shall arise and you fail to submit such certification, the Company s determination of such issue shall be binding on you.  Any determination that you are Disabled and any termination of employment pursuant to this Section 3(e) must be made by vote of the Board.  Nothing in this Section 3(e) shall be construed to waive your rights, if any, under existing law including, without  
 Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. | 200 Technology Square, Fourth Floor, Cambridge, MA 02139 | T: 617.225.0096 

Po-Shun Lee, M.D. 
 October 21, 2016 
 Page 5 of 18 

limitation, the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, 29 U.S.C.  2601   et seq  . and the Americans with Disabilities Act, 42 U.S.C.  12101   et seq.      
 (f)   Notice of Termination .  Any termination of your employment by the Company or any such termination by you shall be communicated by written Notice of Termination to the other party.  A  Notice of Termination  shall indicate the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon.  
 (g)   Date of Termination .  Date of Termination  shall mean:  
 (i)  if your employment is terminated by the Company with or without Cause or due to a determination that you are Disabled, the date on which a Notice of Termination is given or such later effective date of termination (not to exceed 30 days after such Notice of Termination is given) as may be specified by the Company in such Notice of Termination;  
 (ii)  if your employment is terminated by you with or without Good Reason, 30 days after the date on which a Notice of Termination is given.  
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that you give a Notice of Termination to the Company, the Company may unilaterally accelerate the Date of Termination and such acceleration shall not result in a termination by the Company for purposes of this Agreement;  provided  that the Company pays you your base salary for the period of such acceleration.   
 4.   Compensation upon Termination .  
 (a)   Termination Generally . If your employment with the Company is terminated for any reason, the Company shall pay or provide to you (or your authorized representative or estate) any earned but unpaid salary and bonus, if any, unpaid expense reimbursements, accrued but unused vacation, and any vested benefits you may have under any employee benefit plan of the Company (the  Accrued Benefit ) on or before the time required by law, but in no event more than 30 days after your Date of Termination.  
 (b)   Certain Terminations of Employment .  If your employment is terminated by the Company for Cause or because you are Disabled, if you terminate your employment without Good Reason or if your employment ends because of your death, then the Company shall pay your Accrued Benefit through the Date of Termination and, except for the payment of the Accrued Benefit, your compensation, benefits, and stock option vesting shall cease as of the Date of Termination.   
   (c)   Termination by the Company without Cause or by You with Good Reason .  If your employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by you for Good Reason, in either case at any time prior to the occurrence of a Change in Control or at any time after the  
 Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. | 200 Technology Square, Fourth Floor, Cambridge, MA 02139 | T: 617.225.0096 

Po-Shun Lee, M.D. 
 October 21, 2016 
 Page 6 of 18 

twelve (12) month anniversary following a Change in Control (hereinafter defined), then,   in addition to the Accrued Benefit, you will be entitled to the following payments, benefits and other terms, subject to the Separation Agreement and Release requirement below:   
 (i)  The Company shall pay you severance pay in the form of continuation of your base salary for the nine (9) month period immediately following the Date of Termination (such severance pay being  Severance Pay;  such period being the  Severance Period ) in accordance with the Company s payroll practice, beginning on the Company s first regular payroll date that occurs 35 days after the Date of Termination, with the first payment to include a payment for all amounts delayed due to the 35-day period;  provided  that, solely for purposes of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ), each installment of Severance Pay is considered a separate payment.   
 (ii)  If you were participating in the Company s group health plans immediately prior to the Date of Termination and elect COBRA health continuation, the Company shall pay a monthly cash payment through the end of the Severance Period, the end of your COBRA health continuation period or your eligibility for group medical care coverage through subsequent employment, whichever occurs earliest, in an amount equal to the monthly employer contribution that the Company would have made to provide health insurance to you if you had remained employed by the Company (the  Health Benefit;  together with the Severance Pay, the  Severance Benefits ).  The Company shall make such monthly cash payment directly to the applicable insurer(s) along with the regular employee contributions, which employee contributions the Company may withhold from the Severance Pay;  provided  that if the Company determines that its payment of the Health Benefit is taxable income to you, it may pay such amount directly to you subject to applicable tax-related deductions and withholdings.   
   (iii)  On the date that is thirty-five (35) days after the Date of Termination, any outstanding equity grants that are subject to vesting based only on the passage of time in service will vest with respect to that number of shares which would have vested if you had continued in employment with the Company for a period of nine (9) months following the Date of Termination in accordance with any such equity grant s vesting schedule.  The shares representing the difference between the number of shares that are vested on the Date of Termination and the number which would have vested if you had continued in employment with the Company for a period of nine (9) months following the Date of Termination in accordance with any such equity grant s vesting schedule are referred to as the  Additional Shares.   Any termination or forfeiture of the Additional Shares that would otherwise occur on the Date of Termination in the absence of this Agreement will be delayed until the 35 th  day after the Date of Termination and will only occur if the Company has timely tendered a Separation Agreement and Release  
 Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. | 200 Technology Square, Fourth Floor, Cambridge, MA 02139 | T: 617.225.0096 

Po-Shun Lee, M.D. 
 October 21, 2016 
 Page 7 of 18 

as defined below but such Separation Agreement and   Release has not become fully executed and effective.  You shall have 90 days from the Date of Termination to exercise vested equity grants (but in no event later than the applicable expiration date).  
 In addition, and subject to the remainder of this Section 4(c), in the event that your employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by you for Good Reason, Section 6 (entitled  Non-Compete Provision ) of the Restrictive Covenants Agreement shall be amended by replacing  one (1) year period  with  nine (9) month period  (the  Restrictive Covenants Amendment ).  The Company shall have the option to condition the Severance Benefits, the vesting pursuant to Section 4(c)(iii) and the Restrictive Covenants Amendment on your timely execution and non-revocation of a separation agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit A, subject to any modifications based on legal developments occurring after the effective date of this Agreement (a  Separation Agreement and Release ).  To exercise such option, the Company must tender a Separation Agreement and Release to you no later than five (5) days after the termination of your employment. 
 (d)   Mitigation .  If at any time during Severance Period you obtain employment in any capacity that entitles you to aggregate cash compensation equal to or greater than the aggregate amount of the Severance Pay, the Company shall discontinue payment of the Severance Pay.  Further, if at any time during the Severance Period you obtain employment in any capacity that entitles you to aggregate cash compensation less than the aggregate amount of the Severance Pay, then the Company shall reduce the remaining balance of the Severance Benefits by the difference between such aggregate cash compensation and the aggregate amount of the Severance Pay.  You agree to notify the Company promptly if you obtain employment with another employer.  You also agree to respond promptly and fully to any reasonable requests for information by the Company concerning your employment status and aggregate cash compensation.  If the Company pays any amount of Severance Pay as a result of your failure to respond promptly or fully to any such request, you shall reimburse the Company for all such overpaid Severance Pay.   
 (e)   No Offset .  In the event of termination of your employment, you will be under no obligation to seek other employment and, except to the extent otherwise expressly provided elsewhere in this Agreement, there shall be no offset against amounts due to you on account of any remuneration or benefits provided by any subsequent employment you may obtain.  If you engage in a material breach of your obligations under this Agreement or a breach of the Restrictive Covenants Agreement, the Company may cease providing any Severance Benefits or CIC Severance Benefits (as defined below) that would otherwise be due to you.  Except to the extent set forth above or otherwise expressly provided elsewhere in this Agreement, the Company s obligation to make any payment pursuant to, and otherwise to perform its obligations under, this Agreement shall not be affected by any offset, counterclaim or other right that the Company may have against you for any reason. 
 Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. | 200 Technology Square, Fourth Floor, Cambridge, MA 02139 | T: 617.225.0096 

Po-Shun Lee, M.D. 
 October 21, 2016 
 Page 8 of 18 

5.    Change in Control Provisions  . The provisions of this Section 5 set forth your rights and obligations upon the occurrence   of a Change in Control of the Company.  These provisions are intended to assure and encourage in advance your continued attention and dedication to your assigned duties and your objectivity during the pendency and after the occurrence of any such event.     These provisions shall apply in lieu of, and expressly supersede, the Severance Benefits set forth in Section 4 (other than the mitigation provision in Section 4(d), which shall also apply to the CIC Severance Benefits under this Section 5 to the same ext  ent that Severance Benefits are subject to mitigation under Section 4) and Section 4(c)(iii) if a termination of your employment occurs within 12 months after the occurrence of a Change in Control.   
 (a)   Termination of Employment without Cause or for Good Reason Following a Change in Control . If within 12 months after a Change in Control, your employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by you for Good Reason, then, in addition to the Accrued Benefit, you will be entitled to the following payments, benefits and other terms, subject to the Separation Agreement and Release requirement below:  
 (i)  The Company shall pay you severance pay in the form of continuation of your base salary for the twelve (12) month period immediately following the Date of Termination (such severance pay being  CIC Severance Pay;  such period being the  CIC Severance Period ) in accordance with the Company s payroll practice, beginning on the Company s first regular payroll date that occurs 35 days after the Date of Termination, with the first payment to include a payment for all amounts delayed due to the 35-day period;  provided  that, solely for purposes of Section 409A of the Code, each installment of CIC Severance Pay is considered a separate payment.   
 (ii)  If you were participating in the Company s group health plans immediately prior to the Date of Termination and elect COBRA health continuation, the Company shall pay you a monthly cash payment through the end of the CIC Severance Period, the end of your COBRA health continuation period or your eligibility for group medical care coverage through subsequent employment, whichever occurs earliest, in an amount equal to the monthly employer contribution that the Company would have made to provide health insurance to you if you had remained employed by the Company (the  CIC Health Benefit  together with that CIC Severance Pay, the  CIC Severance Benefits ).  The Company shall make such monthly cash payment directly to the applicable insurer(s) along with the regular employee contributions, which it may withhold from the CIC Severance Pay;  provided  that if the Company determines that its payment of the CIC Health Benefit is taxable income to you, it may pay such amount directly to you subject to applicable tax-related deductions and withholdings.   
   (iii)  On the date that is thirty-five (35) days after the Date of Termination, 100% of your then outstanding unvested equity that is subject to vesting based only on the passage of time in service shall immediately vest and become fully  
 Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. | 200 Technology Square, Fourth Floor, Cambridge, MA 02139 | T: 617.225.0096 

Po-Shun Lee, M.D. 
 October 21, 2016 
 Page 9 of 18 

exercisable and n  ot subject to forfeiture.  Any termination or forfeiture of the unvested portion of such equity grant that would otherwise occur on the Date of Termination in absence of this Agreement will be delayed until the 35   th    day after the Date of Termination and wi  ll only occur if the Company has timely tendered a Separation Agreement and Release as defined below but such Separation Agreement and Release has not become fully executed and effective.  You shall have 90 days from the Date of Termination to exercise ves  ted equity grants (but in no event later than the applicable expiration date).    
 In addition, and subject to the remainder of this Section 5(a), if within 12 months after a Change in Control your employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by you for Good Reason, the Restrictive Covenants Amendment shall apply.  The Company shall have the option to condition the CIC Severance Benefits, the vesting pursuant to Section 5(c)(iii) and the Restrictive Covenants Amendment on your timely execution and non-revocation of a Separation Agreement and Release.  To exercise such option, the Company must tender a Separation Agreement and Release to you no later than five (5) days after the termination of your employment.   
 (b)   Additional Limitation . 
 (i)  Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event that the amount of any compensation, payment or distribution by the Company to or for the benefit of you, whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise, calculated in a manner consistent with Section 280G of the Code and the applicable regulations thereunder (the  Aggregate Payments ), would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, then the Aggregate Payments shall be reduced (but not below zero) so that the sum of all of the Aggregate Payments shall be $1.00 less than the amount at which you become subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code; provided that such reduction shall only occur if it would result in you receiving a higher After Tax Amount (as defined below) than you would receive if the Aggregate Payments were not subject to such reduction.  In such event, the Aggregate Payments shall be reduced in the following order, in each case, in reverse chronological order beginning with the Aggregate Payments that are to be paid the furthest in time from consummation of the transaction that is subject to Section 280G of the Code:  (A) cash payments not subject to Section 409A of the Code; (B) cash payments subject to Section 409A of the Code; (C) equity-based payments and acceleration; and (D) non-cash forms of benefits; provided that in the case of all the foregoing Aggregate Payments all amounts or payments that are not subject to calculation under Treas. Reg.  1.280G-1, Q A-24(b) or (c) shall be reduced before any amounts that are subject to calculation under Treas. Reg.  1.280G-1, Q A-24(b) or (c). 
 Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. | 200 Technology Square, Fourth Floor, Cambridge, MA 02139 | T: 617.225.0096 

Po-Shun Lee, M.D. 
 October 21, 2016 
 Page 10 of 18 

(ii)    For purposes of this Section 5(b), the  After Tax Amount  means the amount of the Aggregate Payme  nts less all federal, state, and local income, excise and employment taxes imposed on you as a result of your receipt of the Aggregate Payments.  For purposes of determining the After Tax Amount, you shall be deemed to pay federal income taxes at the highe  st marginal rate of federal income taxation applicable to individuals for the calendar year in which the determination is to be made, and state and local income taxes at the highest marginal rates of individual taxation in each applicable state and localit  y, net of the maximum reduction in federal income taxes which could be obtained from deduction of such state and local taxes.   
 (iii)  The determination as to whether a reduction in the Aggregate Payments shall be made pursuant to Section 5(b)(i) shall be made by a nationally recognized accounting firm selected by the Company (the  Accounting Firm ), which shall provide detailed supporting calculations both to the Company and you within fifteen (15) business days of the Date of Termination, if applicable, or at such earlier time as is reasonably requested by the Company or you.  Any determination by the Accounting Firm shall be binding upon the Company and you. 
 (c)   Definition of Change in Control . For purposes of this Agreement,  Change in Control  shall mean any of the following:  
 (i)  any  person,  as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Act ) (other than the Company, any of its subsidiaries, or any trustee, fiduciary or other person or entity holding securities under any employee benefit plan or trust of the Company or any of its subsidiaries), together with all  affiliates  and  associates  (as such terms are defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Act) of such person, is or shall become the  beneficial owner  (as such term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 50% or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities, other than as a result of the acquisition of newly issued shares of capital stock of the Company pursuant to any financing transaction by the Company or otherwise; or 
 (ii)  the consummation of (A) any consolidation or merger of the Company where the stockholders of the Company, immediately prior to the consolidation or merger, would not, immediately after the consolidation or merger, beneficially own (as such term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Act), directly or indirectly, shares representing in the aggregate more than 50% of the voting shares of the company issuing cash or securities in the consolidation or merger (or of its ultimate parent corporation, if any), or (B) any sale or other transfer (in one transaction or a series of transactions contemplated or arranged by any party as a single plan) of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (other than in connection with the wind-up, liquidation or dissolution of the Company); 
 Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. | 200 Technology Square, Fourth Floor, Cambridge, MA 02139 | T: 617.225.0096 

Po-Shun Lee, M.D. 
 October 21, 2016 
 Page 11 of 18 

provided, however  , that any public offering or any other capital raising event   of the Company  , public or private, or   a merger effected solely to change the Company s domicile shall not constitute a Change in Control.  
 6.   Section 409A Compliance .  Each payment pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be considered a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A.  A termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment of any amount or benefit upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination is also a  separation from service  within the meaning of Internal Revenue Code Section 409A ( Section 409A ) and, for purposes of this Agreement, references to a  termination,   termination of employment  or like terms shall mean  separation from service.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if you are a  specified employee  (within the meaning of Section 409A) on the date of your separation from service, then any payments or benefits that otherwise would be payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement within the first 6 months following your separation from service (the  409A Suspension Period ), shall instead be paid in a lump sum within 14 days after the end of the 6-month period following your separation from service, or your death, if sooner, but only to the extent that such payments or benefits provide for the  deferral of compensation  within the meaning of Section 409A, after application of the exemptions provided in Sections 1.409A-1(b)(4) and 1.409A-1(b)(9)(ii)-(v) thereof. After the 409A Suspension Period, you will receive any remaining payments and benefits due in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (as if there had not been any suspension beforehand).  The Company will cooperate with you in making any amendments to this Agreement that you reasonably request to avoid the imposition of taxes or penalties under Section 409A of the Code provided that such changes do not provide you with additional benefits (other than  de minimis  benefits) under this terms of this Agreement.  
   7.   Litigation and Regulatory Cooperation .  During and after your employment, you shall cooperate fully with the Company in the defense or prosecution of any claims or actions now in existence or which may be brought in the future against or on behalf of the Company which relate to events or occurrences that transpired while you were employed by the Company ( Cooperation Services   provided  that for all time in excess of ten (10) hours that you reasonably expend in providing Cooperation Services after the end of the Severance Period or CIC Severance Period (as applicable) or after the Date of Termination in the event that you are not entitled to the Severance Benefits or the CIC Severance Benefits, the Company shall compensate you at an hourly rate equal to your final base salary rate divided by 2,080;  provided  further that your right to such compensation shall not apply to time spent in activities that could have been compelled pursuant to a subpoena, including testimony and related attendance at depositions, hearings or trials and time spent waiting to engage in such activities.  Your full cooperation in connection with such claims or actions shall include, but not be limited to, being available to meet with counsel to prepare for discovery or trial and to act as a witness on behalf of the Company at mutually convenient times.  During and after your employment,  
 Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. | 200 Technology Square, Fourth Floor, Cambridge, MA 02139 | T: 617.225.0096 

Po-Shun Lee, M.D. 
 October 21, 2016 
 Page 12 of 18 

you also shall cooperate fully with the Company in connection with any investigation or review of any federal, state or local regulatory authority as any such investigation   or review relates to events or occurrences that transpired while you were employed by the Company.  The Company shall reimburse you for any reasonable out   of   pocket expenses incurred in connection with your performance of obligations pursuant to this Sect  ion 7.  
 8.   Arbitration of Disputes .  Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the breach thereof or otherwise arising out of your employment or the termination of that employment (including, without limitation, any claims of unlawful employment discrimination whether based on age or otherwise and any other claim based on a statute, including a statutory claim for wages, as well as contractual and common law claims) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be settled by arbitration in any forum and form agreed upon by the parties or, in the absence of such an agreement, under the auspices of the American Arbitration Association ( AAA ) in Boston, Massachusetts in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules of the AAA, including, but not limited to, the rules and procedures applicable to the selection of arbitrators.  In the event that any person or entity other than you or the Company may be a party with regard to any such controversy or claim, such controversy or claim shall be submitted to arbitration subject to such other person or entity s agreement.  Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.  This Section 8 shall be specifically enforceable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 8 shall not preclude either party from pursuing a court action for the sole purpose of obtaining a temporary restraining order or a preliminary injunction in circumstances in which such relief is appropriate;  provided  that any other relief shall be pursued through an arbitration proceeding pursuant to this Section 8.  The prevailing party in any arbitration proceeding pursuant to this Section 8 shall be entitled to recover such party s reasonable attorneys  fees and costs from the non-prevailing party. 
 9.   Consent to Jurisdiction . To the extent that any court action is permitted consistent with or to enforce Section 8 of this Agreement, you and the Company hereby consent to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.  The prevailing party in any court action pursuant to this Section 9 shall be entitled to recover such party s reasonable attorneys  fees and costs from the non-prevailing party. 
   10.   Your Successors .  The terms of this Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by your personal representatives, executors, administrators, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees.  In the event of your death prior to the completion by the Company of all payments due hereunder, the Company shall continue such payments to any beneficiary designated in writing to the Company prior to your death (or to your estate, if you do not make such designation).  This Agreement shall be binding upon you and your successors, permitted assigns, personal representatives, executors, administrators, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees.  Except to the extent contemplated under this Section 10, you may not assign this  
 Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. | 200 Technology Square, Fourth Floor, Cambridge, MA 02139 | T: 617.225.0096 

Po-Shun Lee, M.D. 
 October 21, 2016 
 Page 13 of 18 

Agreement nor any of your rights or obligations under this Agreement, whether vol  untarily, by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the Company.  
 11.   Governing Law . The terms of this Agreement shall be construed under and be governed in all respects by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles of such state.  
 12.   Binding Effect on Company and Successors . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the Company and its successors and permitted assigns.   Without your prior written consent, the Company may not assign this Agreement, nor any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, whether voluntarily, by operation of law or otherwise, except (a) to a controlled affiliate of the Company and (b) to a successor or acquirer of the Company in connection with a Change in Control. 
 13.   Integration .  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements between the parties concerning such subject matter, except for the Restrictive Covenants Agreement, the Equity Documents and any indemnification agreement between you and the Company.  For the avoidance of doubt, this Agreement supersedes all provisions of the Offer Letter Agreement. 
 14.   Miscellaneous Provisions . 
 (a)  You shall continue to observe and perform all of your obligations under the Restrictive Covenants Agreement.   
 (b)  You affirm that at the time you were initially hired by the Company, you completed, as required by law, the Employment Eligibility Verification Form, IRCA I-9.  
 Please indicate your acceptance of this Agreement by signing one copy of this letter and returning it so that I receive it no later than one week from date sent, after which date the offer of this Agreement will expire if not accepted.  
   
 Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. | 200 Technology Square, Fourth Floor, Cambridge, MA 02139 | T: 617.225.0096 

Po-Shun Lee, M.D. 
 October 21, 2016 
 Page 14 of 18 

I am enthusiastic about your continued employment with Proteostasis.  I believe that your continued contribution will play an important role in helping accelerate the development of Proteostasis into a profitable and growing company. Please feel free   to contact me if you have any questions.  

Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. | 200 Technology Square, Fourth Floor, Cambridge, MA 02139 | T: 617.225.0096 

EXHIBIT A  
 SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND RELEASE 
               This is the Separation Agreement and Release (the  Agreement ) as defined in Section 4(c) of the Employment Agreement by and   between Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. (the  Company )   and Po-Shun Lee (the  Executive ), dated as of October 21, 2016 (the  Employment Agreement ).  The Executive s execution and non-revocation of this Agreement is a condition of certain payments to the Executive and other terms pursuant to Section 4(c) or Section 5(a) of the Employment Agreement;  provided  tha  t the Company also executes this Agreement.   
 1.   Release of Claims  .  The Executive voluntarily releases and forever discharges the Company, its affiliated and related entities, their predecessors, successors and assigns, their employee benefit plans and fiduciaries of such plans, and the current and former officers, directors, shareholders, employees, attorneys, accountants and agents of any and all of the foregoing in their official and personal capacities (collectively referred to as the  Releasees ) generally from all claims, demands, debts, damages and liabilities of every name and nature, known or unknown ( Claims ) that, as of the date when the Executive signs this Agreement, the Executive has, ever had, claims to have or ever claimed to have had against any or all of the Releasees.  This includes, without limitation, the release of all Claims:  

relating to the Executive s employment by the Company and the termination of such employment;     

of wrongful discharge;     

of breach of contract;     

of retaliation or discrimination under federal, state or local law (including, without limitation, Claims of age discrimination or retaliation under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, Claims of disability discrimination or retaliation under the Americans with Disabilities Act, Claims of discrimination or retaliation under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and Claims of any form of discrimination or retaliation that is prohibited by Massachusetts law);     

under any other federal, state or city statute or regulation;     

of defamation or other torts;     

of violation of public policy;      

for wages, bonuses, incentive compensation, paid time off or any other compensation or benefits; and     

for damages or other remedies of any sort, including, without limitation, compensatory damages, punitive damages, injunctive relief and attorney s fees;     

provided , however, that this release shall not affect the Executive s rights, if any, (i) under any Section 401(k) plan, (ii) to indemnification, advancement and/or directors and officers insurance coverage, (iii) under any equity awards issued pursuant to Section 2(b) of the Employment Agreement or otherwise granted by the Company in writing pursuant to the approval of the Company s Board of Directors, or (iv) under Sections 2, 4(c) or 5(a) of the Employment Agreement.  

The Executive agrees that he shall not seek or accept damages of any nature, other equitable or legal remedies for his own benefit, attorney s fees, or costs from any of the Releasees with respect to any Claim r  eleased by this Agreement.  He further represents that he has not assigned to any third party and he has not filed with any agency or court any Claim released by this Agreement.  
 2.   The Company s Release of Claims  .  The Company voluntarily releases and forever discharges the Executive generally from all Claims that, as of the date when it signed this Agreement, ever had, claims to have or ever claimed to have had against the Executive, including, without limitation, all Claims relating to the Executive s employment by and termination of employment with the Company;   provided   that (i) the Company does not waive any of its rights under the Employment Agreement or the Employee Proprietary Information, Inventions, Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement between the Company and the Executive (the  Restrictive Covenants Agreement  and (ii) the Company does not release the Executive from any civil Claim that is based on conduct that also satisfies the elements of a criminal offense.    
 3.   Ongoing Obligations  .  This Agreement shall not affect the Executive s ongoing obligations under the Employment Agreement or the Restrictive Covenants Agreement.    
 4.   Non-Disparagement  .  The Executive agrees not to make any disparaging statements concerning (i) the Company or any of its affiliates, (ii) the products or services provided by any of the foregoing or (iii) any current or former officers, directors or employees of any of the foregoing.  The Company shall direct all members of its Board of Directors and all employees holding positions at or above the level of Senior Vice President not to make any disparaging statements concerning the Executive.  The scope of persons to receive such directions may be reduced at the option of the Executive if the Executive so requests in writing before such directions are issued.  These non-disparagement obligations shall not apply to any person s statements as a witness in a legal proceeding or as otherwise required by law.  The Executive understands that nothing in this paragraph or in any other provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted or applied to prohibit him from making any good faith report to any governmental agency or other governmental entity concerning any acts or omissions that he may believe to constitute a possible violation of federal or state law or making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of applicable federal or state law or regulation.  
   5.   Right to Consider and Revoke Agreement  .  The Executive acknowledges that he has been given the opportunity to consider this Agreement for a period ending twenty-one (21) days after the date when it was proposed to him.  In the event that the Executive executed this Agreement within less than twenty-one (21) days after such date, he acknowledges that such decision was entirely voluntary and that he had the opportunity to consider this Agreement until the end of the twenty-one (21) day period.  To accept this Agreement, the Executive shall deliver a signed Agreement to the Company within such twenty-one (21) day period.  The Company may specify a designated recipient for the Agreement by written notice to the Employee (a  Company Representative ).  For a period of seven (7) days from the date when   
 2 

the Executive executes this Agreement (the  Revocation Period   ), the Executive shall retain the right to revoke this Agreement by written notice that is received by the Company (or a Company Representative, if designated) on or before the last day of the Revocation Period.  This Agreement shall take effect only if it   is executed within the twenty-one (21) day period as set forth above and if it is not revoked pursuant to the preceding sentence.  If those conditions are satisfied, this Agreement shall become effective and enforceable on the date immediately following t  he last day of the Revocation Period (the  Effective Date ).  
 6.   Other Terms  .  

(a)   
 
  Legal Representation; Review of Release  .  The Executive acknowledges that he has been advised to discuss all aspects of this Agreement with his attorney, that he has carefully read and fully understands all of the provisions of this Agreement and that he is voluntarily entering into this Agreement.     

(b)   
 
  Binding Nature of Release  .  This Agreement shall be binding upon the parties and their heirs, administrators, representatives, and successors.     

(c)   
 
  Amendment  .  This Agreement may be amended only upon a written agreement executed by both parties.     

(d)   
 
  Severability  .  In the event that at any future time it is determined by an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction that any covenant, clause, provision or term of this Agreement is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions and terms of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby and the illegal, invalid or unenforceable term or provision shall be severed from the remainder of this Agreement.  In the event of such severance, the remaining covenants shall be binding and enforceable.     

(e)   
 
  Governing Law and Interpretation  .  This Agreement shall be deemed to be made and entered into in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and shall in all respects be interpreted, enforced and governed under the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions of Massachusetts law.  The language of all parts of this Agreement shall in all cases be construed as a whole, according to its fair meaning, and not strictly for or against the Company or the Executive.     

 3 

(f)   
 
          Entire Agreement; Absence of Reliance  .  Each party acknowledges that he or it is not relying on any promises or representations by the other party or his or     its agents, representatives or attorneys regarding any subject matter addressed in this Agreement.     

So agreed.  

Po-Shun Lee. M.D.  

Date  

PROTEOSTASIS THERAPEUTICS, INC.  

By:  

Name:  

Date  

Title:  

4 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 pti-ex311_7.htm
 EX-31.1

pti-ex311_7.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification 
 I, Meenu Chhabra, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 of Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b. (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 10, 2016  

/s/ Meenu Chhabra  

Meenu Chhabra  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 pti-ex312_8.htm
 EX-31.2

pti-ex312_8.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification 
 I, James DeTore, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 of Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b. (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 10, 2016  

/s/ James DeTore  

James DeTore  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 pti-ex321_6.htm
 EX-32.1

pti-ex321_6.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Meenu Chhabra, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to my knowledge: 

1)   
 
 the Report which this statement accompanies fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and    

2)   
 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Date: November 10, 2016  

/s/ Meenu Chhabra  

Meenu Chhabra 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

In connection with the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, James DeTore, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to my knowledge: 

(1)   
 
 the Report which this statement accompanies fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and    

(2)   
 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Date: November 10, 2016  

/s/ James DeTore  

James DeTore 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 pti-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 pti-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 pti-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 pti-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 pti-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 pti-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

