<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_828944_0001193125-16-764400_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11154403</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>140986</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>588116</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2088169</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5156996</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2615460</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>60</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-764400.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109162835
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-764400
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WSFS FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000828944
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				222866913
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35638
		FILM NUMBER:		161984602

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 DELAWARE AVENUE
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19801
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3027926000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 DELAWARE AVENUE
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19801

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STAR STATES CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-764400.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 d226294d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q
            
  (Mark One)   
 
  For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  OR       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                         
  Commission File Number 001-35638        
       WSFS
FINANCIAL CORPORATION      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Delaware  
   
  22-2866913   
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  Incorporation or organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification Number)    

WSFS Bank Center, 500 Delaware Avenue, Wilmington, Delaware  
   
  19801   
 
  (Address of principal executive offices)  
   
  (Zip Code)   
    (302) 792-6000   
  Registrant s telephone number, including area code:   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12
months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files),    Yes       No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
    (Do not check if smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes       No       Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the
issuer s classes of common stock, as of November 4, 2016.      

Table of Contents  

     WSFS FINANCIAL CORPORATION   
  FORM 10-Q      INDEX

2  

Table of Contents  

     WSFS FINANCIAL CORPORATION   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

     WSFS FINANCIAL CORPORATION   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

     WSFS FINANCIAL CORPORATION   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CONDITION       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

     WSFS FINANCIAL CORPORATION   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS       
 
      6  

Table of Contents  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

     WSFS FINANCIAL CORPORATION   
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   
  (UNAUDITED)      1. BASIS OF
PRESENTATION      General     Our
unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of WSFS Financial Corporation (the Company, our Company, we, our or us), Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB (WSFS Bank or the Bank), Cypress Capital Management, LLC (Cypress) and
WSFS Wealth Management, LLC. We also have one unconsolidated affiliate, WSFS Capital Trust III (the Trust). WSFS Bank has three wholly-owned subsidiaries: WSFS Wealth Investments, 1832 Holdings, Inc. and Monarch Entity Services LLC (Monarch).  
 The acronyms and abbreviations below are used in the unaudited Notes to The Consolidated Financial Statements as well as in Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. You may find it helpful to refer back to this page as you read this report.      

AICPA: American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants       Allowance: Allowance for loan
losses or ALLL       Alliance: Alliance Bancorp
Inc. of Pennsylvania       Array: Formerly Array
Financial Group (WSFS Mortgage)       Arrow: Arrow
Land Transfer       ASC: Accounting standard
codification       Associate: Employee 
     ASU: Accounting standard update 
     BCBS: Basel Committee on Banking Supervision 
     C I: Commercial   Industrial (loans) 
     CMO: Collateralized mortgage obligation 
     Cypress: Cypress Capital Management, LLC 
     Dodd-Frank Act: Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and
Consumer Protection Act of 2010       DTA: Deferred
tax asset       Exchange Act: Securities Exchange
Act of 1934       FASB: Financial Accounting
Standards Board       FDIC: Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation  

Federal Reserve: Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
     Monarch: Monarch Entity Services, LLC 
     FHLB: Federal Home Loan Bank 
     FHLMC: Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 
     FNMA: Federal National Mortgage Association 
     GAAP: U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting
Principles       GNMA: Government National Mortgage
Association       GSE: U.S. Government and
government sponsored enterprises       HPA: House
Price Appreciation       IRR: Internal Rate of
Return       NSFR: Net stable funding ratio 
     MBS: Mortgage-backed securities 
     OCC: Office of the Comptroller of the
Currency       OREO: Other real estate owned 
     OTTI: Other-than-temporary impairment 
     TDR: Troubled Debt Restructurings   
    Overview   
 Founded in 1832, the Bank is one of the ten oldest bank and trust companies continuously operating under the same name in the United States. We
provide residential and commercial real estate, commercial and consumer lending services, as well as retail deposit and cash management services. Lending activities are funded primarily with customer deposits and borrowings. In addition, we offer a
variety of wealth management and trust services to personal and corporate customers. The FDIC insures our customers  deposits to their legal maximums. We serve our customers primarily from our 76 offices located in Delaware (46), Pennsylvania
(28), Virginia (1) and Nevada (1) and through our website at   www.wsfsbank.com  . Information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this quarterly report.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

  Amounts subject to significant estimates include the allowance for loan losses and reserves for
lending related commitments, goodwill, intangible assets, post-retirement benefit obligations, the fair value of financial instruments, reverse mortgage loans, OTTI, and income tax valuation allowance. Among other effects, changes to these estimates
could result in future impairments of investment securities, goodwill and intangible assets and establishment of the allowance and lending related commitments as well as increased post-retirement benefits expense.  
 Our accounting and reporting policies conform to GAAP, prevailing practices within the banking industry for interim financial information and
Rule 10-01 of SEC Regulation S-X (Rule 10-01). Rule 10-01 does not require us to include all information and notes that would be required in audited financial statements. Operating results for the periods presented are not necessarily
indicative of the results that may be expected for any future quarters or for the year ending December 31, 2016. These unaudited, interim Consolidated Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the audited Consolidated
Financial Statements and related notes included in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K that was filed with the SEC on February 29, 2016 and is available at   www.sec.gov   or on our website at http://investors.wsfsbank.com/financials.cfm.
   Whenever necessary, reclassifications have been made to the prior period Consolidated Financial Statements to conform to the current
period s presentation. All significant intercompany transactions were eliminated in consolidation.    The significant accounting
policies used in preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements are disclosed in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. There have not been any material changes in our significant accounting policies from those contained in our 2015 Annual
Report on Form 10-K.     Common Stock Split   
 In March 2015, the Company s Board of Directors adopted an amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation to increase the
number of shares of common stock the Company is authorized to issue from 20,000,000, par value $0.01, to 65,000,000, par value $0.01. This amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation was approved by the Company s stockholders
at the 2015 Annual Meeting held on April 30, 2015.    In May 2015, the Company effected a three-for-one stock split in the form of a stock
dividend to shareholders of record as of May 4, 2015. All share and per share information has been retroactively adjusted to reflect the stock split. We retroactively adjusted stockholders  equity to reflect the stock split by reclassifying an
amount equal to the par value, $0.01, of the additional shares arising from the split from capital in excess of par value to common stock, resulting in no net impact to stockholders  equity on our Consolidated Statements of Condition.  
  Senior Unsecured Debt     On June 13, 2016,
the Company issued $100 million of senior unsecured fixed-to-floating rate notes. The senior unsecured notes mature on June 15, 2026 and have a fixed coupon rate of 4.50% from issuance until June 15, 2021 and a variable coupon rate of three-month
LIBOR plus 3.30% from June 15, 2021 until maturity. The senior unsecured notes may be redeemed beginning on June 15, 2021 at 100% of principal plus accrued and unpaid interest. The proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes.  
  Acquisitions     On August 12, 2016 we
completed the acquisition of Penn Liberty Financial Corp. (Penn Liberty), a community bank headquartered in Wayne, Pennsylvania. We expect this acquisition to build our market share, deepen our presence in the southeastern Pennsylvania market, and
enhance our customer base. The results of Penn Liberty s operations are included in our Consolidated Financial Statements since the date of the acquisition. See Note 2   Business Combinations for further information.  
 Also during the third quarter, we acquired the assets of Powdermill Financial Solutions LLC (Powdermill), a multi-family office serving an
affluent clientele in the local community and throughout the United States. This acquisition aligns with our strategic plan to expand our wealth management offerings and to diversify our fee-income generating businesses.  
  Derivatives and Hedging     During the third
quarter of 2016, we implemented a hedging program to manage our interest rate risk. This program did not have a material effect on our statements of condition or results of operations. 
      9  

Table of Contents  

   RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS   
  Accounting Guidance Adopted in 2016     In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, Compensation   Stock Compensation  (Topic 718). ASU 2016-09 changes several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award
transactions, including: (1) accounting and cash flow classification for excess tax benefits and deficiencies, (2) forfeitures, and (3) tax withholding requirements and cash flow classification. The standard is effective for public business entities
in annual and interim periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted if the entire standard is adopted. If an entity early adopts the standard in an interim period, any adjustments should be reflected as of
the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. The Company adopted ASU 2016-09 in the second quarter of 2016 and recognized a $0.7 million tax benefit in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. In addition, the Company
presented excess tax benefits as an operating activity in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows using a retrospective transition method. The Company also made an accounting policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur. This
policy election did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. Adoption of all other changes did not have an impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-12,  Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target
Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period.  The standard update resolves the diverse accounting treatment for these share-based payments by requiring that a performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the
requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. The requisite service period ends when the employee can cease rendering service and still be eligible to vest in the award if the performance target is achieved. ASU 2014-12 was
effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption of this accounting guidance did not have a material effect on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations or Consolidated Statements
of Condition.   In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No 2015-03,  Interest- Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30) Simplifying the
Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.  The amendments in this update require that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented on the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability,
consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by this amendment. This guidance was effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015 and
is applied retrospectively. The Company adopted ASU 2015-03 in the first quarter of 2016, and applied its provisions retrospectively. The adoption of ASU 2015-03 resulted in the reclassification at March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, of $1.2
million and $1.3 million of unamortized debt issuance costs related to the Company s Senior debt from  other assets  to  Senior debt  within its consolidated balance sheets. Other than this reclassification, the adoption of ASU
2015-03 did not have an impact on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements.    In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU No 2015-02,
 Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis.    This guidance provides an additional requirement for a limited partnership or similar entity to qualify as a voting interest entity and also amends the criteria for
consolidating such an entity. In addition, it amends the criteria for evaluating fees paid to a decision maker or service provider as a variable interest and amends the criteria for evaluating the effect of fee arrangements and related parties
on a VIE primary beneficiary determination. This guidance was effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015. ASU No. 2015-02 requires entities to use a retrospective or a modified retrospective approach
(recording a cumulative-effect adjustment to equity as of the beginning of the fiscal year). The adoption of this accounting guidance did not have a material effect on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations or Consolidated
Statements of Condition. 
      10  

Table of Contents  

   Accounting Guidance Pending Adoption at September 30, 2016   
 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-9,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).  This ASU supersedes the revenue
recognition requirements in ASC 605,  Revenue Recognition.  ASU No. 2014-9 will require an entity to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers using a five-step model that requires entities to exercise
judgment when considering the terms of the contracts. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date.  This amendment defers the effective date of ASU 2014-09
by one year. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016- 08,  Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Gross versus Net),  which amends the principal versus agent guidance and clarifies that the analysis must focus on whether the
entity has control of the goods or services before they are transferred to the customer. These Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) updates are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, but early
adoption is permitted. These Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) updates are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted only as of annual reporting periods after December 15,
2016. The standard permits the use of either the retrospective or retrospectively with the cumulative effect transition method. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting  ASU 2014-9  and
associated guidance on its Consolidated Financial Statements.   In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01,  Financial Instruments
  Overall (Subtopic 825-10), Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.  This amendment requires that equity investments be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. When fair
value is not readily determinable an entity may elect to measure the equity investment at cost, minus impairment, plus or minus any change in the investment s observable price. For financial liabilities that are measured at fair value, the
amendment requires an entity to present separately, in other comprehensive income, any change in fair value resulting from a change in instrument specific credit risk. ASU 2016-01 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017,
including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. Entities may apply this guidance on a prospective or retrospective basis. The Company does not expect the application of this guidance to have a material impact
on its Consolidated Statements of Operations or Consolidated Statements of Condition.    In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,
 Leases (Topic 842).  This ASU revises the accounting related to lessee accounting. Under the new guidance, lessees will be required to recognize a lease liability and a right-of-use asset for all leases. The new lease guidance also simplifies
the accounting for sale and leaseback transactions primarily because lessees must recognize lease assets and lease liabilities. ASU 2016-02 is effective for the first interim period within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, with early
adoption permitted. Adoption using the modified retrospective transition approach is required for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. The Company is
currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2016-02 on its Consolidated Financial Statements.    In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-05:  Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Effect of Derivative Contract Novations on Existing Hedge Accounting Relationships , which amends ASC Topic 815: Derivatives and Hedging. This new guidance clarifies that the novation of a
derivative contract (i.e., a change in the counterparty) in a hedge accounting relationship does not, in and of itself, caused a hedge accounting relationship to be discontinued because it does not represent a termination of the original derivative
instrument or a change in the critical terms of the hedge relationship, This new guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and may be adopted prospectively or retroactively. Early adoption is
permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The Company does not expect the application of this guidance to have a material impact on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations or Consolidated Statements of Condition.  
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-06,  Contingent Put and Call Options in Debt Instruments, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic
815).    ASU 2016-06 clarifies that determining whether the economic characteristics of a put or call are clearly and closely related to its debt host requires only an assessment of the four-step decision sequence outlined in FASB ASC
paragraph 815-15-25-24. Additionally, entities are not required to separately assess whether the contingency itself is clearly and closely related. The standard is effective for public business entities in interim and annual periods in fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted in any interim period for which the entity s financial statements have not been issued, but would be retroactively applied to the beginning of the year that includes the interim
period. The standard requires a modified retrospective transition approach, with a cumulative catch-up adjustment to opening retained earnings in the period of adoption. For instruments that are eligible for the fair value option, an entity has a
one-time option to irrevocably elect to measure the debt instrument affected by the standard in its entirety at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in earnings. The Company does not expect the application of this guidance to have a
material impact on its Consolidated Statements of Operations or Consolidated Statements of Condition. 
      11  

Table of Contents  

  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-07,  Simplifying the Transition to the Equity
Method of Accounting, Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323).    ASU 2016-07 eliminates the requirement for an investor to retroactively apply the equity method when its increase in ownership interest (or degree of
influence) in an investee triggers equity method accounting. The standard is effective for all entities in annual and interim periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The new guidance will be
applied prospectively to changes in ownership (or influence) after the adoption date. The Company does not expect the application of this guidance to have a material impact on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations or
Consolidated Statements of Condition.   In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08,  Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting
Revenue Gross versus Net, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).    ASU 2016-08 amends the principal versus agent guidance in ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers , and clarifies that the analysis must
focus on whether the entity has control of the goods or services before they are transferred to the customer. The amendments in the standard affect the guidance in ASU 2014-09, which is effective for public business entities in annual and interim
reporting periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. Early application is permitted for all entities, but not before annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of
adopting ASU 2016-8 on its Consolidated Financial Statements.    In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,  Financial Instruments
 Credit Losses (Topic 326).  ASU 2016-13 replaces the incurred loss impairment methodology in current GAAP with an expected credit loss methodology and requires consideration of a broader range of information to determine credit loss
estimates. Financial assets measured at amortized cost will be presented at the net amount expected to be collected by using an allowance for credit losses. Purchased credit impaired loans will receive an allowance account at the acquisition date
that represents a component of the purchase price allocation. Credit losses relating to available-for-sale debt securities will be recorded through an allowance for credit losses, with such allowance limited to the amount by which fair value is
below amortized cost. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019 and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on its consolidated financial
statements.    In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts
and Cash Payments . ASU 2016-15 represents the Emerging Issues Task Force s ( the EITF ) final consensus on eight issues related to the classification of cash payments and receipts in the statement of cash flows for a number of
common transactions. The consensus also clarifies when identifiable cash flows should be separated versus classified based on their predominant source or use. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim
periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

   2. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS   
  Penn Liberty Financial Corporation     On
August 12, 2016, we completed the acquisition of Penn Liberty. Penn Liberty conducted its primary business operations through its subsidiary Penn Liberty Bank, which was merged into WSFS Bank. Upon closing the transaction, Penn Liberty had 11
banking offices in Montgomery and Chester counties, Pennsylvania, which are suburbs of Philadelphia. WSFS acquired Penn Liberty to expand the scale and efficiency of its operations in southeastern Pennsylvania in addition to the opportunity of
generating additional revenue by providing its full suite of banking, mortgage banking, wealth management and insurance services to the Penn Liberty markets.  
 The acquisition of Penn Liberty was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting and, accordingly,
assets acquired, liabilities assumed and consideration paid were recorded at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The fair values are preliminary estimates and are subject to adjustment during the one year measurement period after
the acquisition. We are currently evaluating the fair values of replacement equity awards, fixed assets acquired and leases assumed in the transaction. The excess of consideration paid over the preliminary fair value of net assets acquired was
recorded as goodwill in the amount of $65.2 million, which is not amortizable and is not deductible for tax purposes. The Company allocated the total balance of goodwill to its WSFS Bank segment. The Company also recorded $2.9 million in core
deposit intangibles which are being amortized over ten years using the straight-line depreciation method.    In connection with the merger,
the consideration paid and the fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, as of the date of acquisition, are summarized in the following table:      
   In many cases, the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed were determined by estimating the
cash flows expected to result from those assets and liabilities and discounting them at appropriate market rates.    Acquired loans were
recorded at their fair value as of the acquisition date. The fair value was based on a discounted cash flow methodology that uses assumptions as to credit risk, default rates, collateral values and loss severity, along with estimated prepayment
rates. Non-impaired acquired loans had a gross contractual balance of $491.2 million and a fair value of $470.8 million. Loans that had deteriorated in credit quality since their origination, and for which it was probable that all contractual cash
flows would not be received, were accounted for in accordance with ASC 310-30  Loans and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality.  The gross contractual balance of the impaired loans was $15.3 million with a fair value of
$12.7 million. For additional information regarding acquired impaired loans, see Note 5 - Loans.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

  The fair value of savings and transaction deposit accounts acquired was assumed to approximate
their carrying value as these accounts have no stated maturity and are payable on demand. Certificates of deposit accounts were valued by comparing the contractual cost of the portfolio to an identical portfolio bearing current market rates. The
portfolio was segregated into pools based on remaining maturity. For each pool, the projected cash flows from maturing certificates were then calculated based on contractual rates and prevailing market rates. The valuation adjustment for each pool
is equal to the present value of the difference of these two cash flows, discounted at the assumed market rate for a certificate with a corresponding maturity.  
 Direct costs related to the acquisition were expensed as incurred. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred $5.7
million in integration expenses, including $2.0 million in salary and benefits, $1.1 million in professional fees, $0.9 in data processing expense and $0.8 in marketing expense.  
  Powdermill Financial Solutions LLC     On
August 1, 2016, we acquired the assets of Powdermill, a multi-family office serving an affluent clientele in the local community and throughout the United States. This acquisition aligns with our strategic plan to expand our wealth offerings
and diversify our fee-income generating business. The excess of consideration paid over the preliminary fair value of the net assets acquired was recorded as goodwill, which is not amortizable but is deductible for tax purposes. The Company
allocated the total balance of goodwill to its Wealth Management segment.     Alliance Bancorp, Inc. of Pennsylvania   
 On October 9, 2015 we completed the acquisition of Alliance and its wholly owned subsidiary, Alliance Bank, headquartered in Broomall,
Pennsylvania. At that time Alliance merged into the Company and Alliance Bank merged into WSFS Bank. In accordance with the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated March 2, 2015, holders of shares of Alliance common stock received, in
aggregate, $26.6 million in cash and 2,459,120 shares of WSFS common stock. The transaction was valued at $97.9 million based on WSFS  October 9, 2015 closing share price of $29.01 as quoted on The Nasdaq Global Select Market. The results of
the combined entity s operations are included in our Consolidated Financial Statements since the date of the acquisition.    The
acquisition of Alliance was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting and, accordingly, assets acquired, liabilities assumed and consideration paid were recorded at their estimated fair values as of the
acquisition date. The excess of consideration paid over the fair value of net assets acquired was recorded as goodwill in the amount of $36.4 million, which will not be amortizable and is not deductible for tax purposes. The Company allocated the
total balance of goodwill to its WSFS Bank segment. The Company also recorded $2.6 million in core deposit intangibles which are being amortized over ten years using the straight-line depreciation method and $511,000 for non-compete covenants which
are being amortized between six and eighteen months.    In connection with the merger, the consideration paid and the fair value of
identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, are summarized in the following table:      
 
      14  

Table of Contents  

  The following table details the changes to goodwill in 2016:  
   
   The adjustments made to goodwill during the first nine months of 2016 reflect changes in the fair value of
deferred federal income taxes, other assets, and other liabilities during the measurement period.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

   3. EARNINGS PER SHARE   
 The following table shows the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share:  

16  

Table of Contents  

   4. INVESTMENT SECURITIES   
 The following tables detail the amortized cost and the estimated fair value of our available-for-sale and held-to-maturity investment
securities. None of our investment securities are classified as trading.      

(1)   
 Held-to maturity securities transferred from available-for-sale are included in held-to-maturity at fair value at the time of transfer. The amortized cost of held-to-maturity securities included net unrealized
gains of $2.4 million and $2.9 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, related to securities transferred, which are offset in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income, net of tax.    
      17  

Table of Contents  

  The scheduled maturities of investment securities available-for-sale and held-to-maturity at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are presented in the table below:      

(1)  
   Included in the investment portfolio, but not in the table above, is a mutual fund with an amortized cost and fair value, as of September 30, 2016 of $0.6 million,
which has no stated maturity.      MBS have expected maturities that differ from their contractual maturities. These differences
arise because borrowers have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without a prepayment penalty.    Investment securities with
fair market values aggregating $598.9 million and $457.0 million were pledged as collateral for retail customer repurchase agreements, municipal deposits, and other obligations as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  
 During the first nine months of 2016 and 2015, we sold $155.8 million and $117.3 million, respectively of investment securities categorized as
available-for-sale, for a gain of $1.9 million and $1.0 million, respectively. No losses were incurred from sales during the first nine months of 2016 and 2015.  
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, our investment securities portfolio had remaining unamortized premiums of $18.5 million and
$18.3 million, respectively, and unaccreted discounts of $0.3 million at both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

  For those investment securities with unrealized losses, the table below shows our gross
unrealized losses and fair value by investment category and length of time that individual securities were in a continuous unrealized loss position at September 30, 2016.      
   For investment securities with unrealized losses, the table below shows our gross unrealized losses and fair
value by investment category and length of time that individual securities were in a continuous unrealized loss position at December 31, 2015.      
   At September 30, 2016, we owned investment securities totaling $63.6 million for which the amortized cost
basis exceeded fair value. Total unrealized losses on these securities were $0.3 million at September 30, 2016. The temporary impairment is the result of changes in market interest rates subsequent to the purchase of the securities. Our
investment portfolio is reviewed each quarter for indications of OTTI. This review includes analyzing the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been lower than the amortized cost, the financial condition and near-term prospects
of the issuer, including any specific events which may influence the operations of the issuer and our intent and ability to hold the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for full recovery of the unrealized loss. We evaluate our intent
and ability to hold securities based upon our investment strategy for the particular type of security and our cash flow needs, liquidity position, capital adequacy and interest rate risk position. We do not have the intent to sell, nor is it more
likely-than-not we will be required to sell these securities before we are able to recover the amortized cost basis.    All securities, with
the exception of one, were AA-rated or better at the time of purchase and remained investment grade at September 30, 2016. All securities were evaluated for OTTI at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The result of this evaluation
showed no OTTI as of September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. The estimated weighted average duration of MBS was 4.3 years at September 30, 2016.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

   5. LOANS   
 The following table shows our loan portfolio by category:      
   The following table shows the outstanding principal balance and carrying amounts for acquired credit impaired
loans for which the Company applies ASC 310-30 as of the dates indicated:      
   The following table presents the changes in accretable yield on the acquired credit impaired loans for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016:      
 
      20  

Table of Contents  

   6. ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES AND CREDIT QUALITY INFORMATION   
  Allowance for Loan Losses     We maintain an
allowance for loan losses and charge losses to this allowance when such losses are realized. We established our allowance for loan losses in accordance with guidance provided in the SEC s Staff Accounting Bulletin 102 (SAB 102) and FASB ASC
450,  Contingencies  (ASC 450). When we have reason to believe it is probable that we will not be able to collect all contractually due amounts of principal and interest, loans are evaluated for impairment on an individual basis and a specific
allocation of the allowance is assigned in accordance with ASC 310-10. We also maintain an allowance for loan losses on acquired loans when: (i) for loans accounted for under ASC 310-30, there is deterioration in credit quality subsequent
to acquisition and (ii) for loans accounted for under ASC 310-20, the inherent losses in the loans exceed the remaining credit discount recorded at the time of acquisition. The determination of the allowance for loan losses requires significant
judgment reflecting our best estimate of impairment related to specifically identified impaired loans as well as probable loan losses in the remaining loan portfolio. Our evaluation is based upon a continuing review of these portfolios. The
following are included in our allowance for loan losses:      

Specific reserves for impaired loans        

An allowance for each pool of homogenous loans based on historical loss experience        

Adjustments for qualitative and environmental factors allocated to pools of homogenous loans    
 When it is probable that the Bank will be unable to collect all amounts due (interest and principal) in accordance with the contractual terms
of the loan agreement, it assigns a specific reserve to that loan, if necessary. Unless loans are well-secured and collection is imminent, loans greater than 90 days past due are deemed impaired and their respective reserves are generally
charged-off once the loss has been confirmed. Estimated specific reserves are based on collateral values, estimates of future cash flows or market valuations. We charge loans off when they are deemed to be uncollectible. During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, net charge-offs totaled $5.9 million or 0.20% of average loans annualized, compared to $9.0 million, or 0.36% of average loans annualized, during the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
 Allowances for pooled homogeneous loans, that are not deemed impaired, are based on historical net loss experience. Estimated losses for
pooled portfolios are determined differently for commercial loan pools and retail loan pools. Commercial loans are pooled as follows: commercial, owner-occupied, commercial real estate and construction. Each pool is further segmented by internally
assessed risk ratings. Loan losses for commercial loans are estimated by determining the probability of default and expected loss severity upon default. Probability of default is calculated based on the historical rate of migration to impaired
status during the last 23 quarters. During 2016, we increased the look-back period to 23 quarters from the 20 quarters used at December 31, 2015. This increase in the look-back period allows us to continue to anchor to the fourth quarter of
2010 to ensure that the core reserves calculated by the ALLL model are adequately considering the losses within a full credit cycle.    Loss
severity upon default is calculated as the actual loan losses (net of recoveries) on impaired loans in their respective pool during the same time frame. Retail loans are pooled into the following segments: residential mortgage, consumer secured and
consumer unsecured loans. Pooled reserves for retail loans are calculated based solely on average net loss rates over the same 23 quarter look-back period.  
 Qualitative adjustment factors consider various current internal and external conditions which are allocated among loan types and take into
consideration:      

Current underwriting policies, staff, and portfolio mix,        

Internal trends of delinquency, nonaccrual and criticized loans by segment,        

Risk rating accuracy, control and regulatory assessments/environment,        

General economic conditions - locally and nationally,        

Market trends impacting collateral values,        

The competitive environment, as it could impact loan structure and underwriting, and        

Valuation complexity by segment.      The above factors are based on their relative standing
compared to the period in which historic losses are used in core reserve estimates and current directional trends. Qualitative factors in our model can add to or subtract from core reserves. Continued economic improvement and continued refinement of
the quantitative model have driven an overall reduction in qualitative factors during the period.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

  The allowance methodology uses a loss emergence period (LEP), which is the period of time between
an event that triggers the probability of a loss and the confirmation of the loss. We estimate the commercial LEP to be approximately 8 quarters as of September 30, 2016. Our residential mortgage and consumer LEP remained at 4 quarters as
of September 30, 2016. We evaluate LEP quarterly for reasonableness and complete a detailed historical analysis of our commercial LEP at least annually. 
 The final component of the allowance in prior periods is the reserve for model estimation and complexity risk. The calculation of this reserve
is generally quantitative; however, qualitative estimates of valuations and risk assessment, and methodology judgments are necessary in order to capture factors not already included in other components in our allowance for loan losses methodology.
We review qualitative estimates of valuation factors quarterly and management uses its judgement to make adjustments based on current trends. During the second quarter of 2016 as a result of continued improvement in the model and normal review of
the factors, we removed the model estimation and complexity risk reserve from our calculation of the allowance of loan losses.    Our loan
officers and risk managers meet at least quarterly to discuss and review the conditions and risks associated with individual problem loans. In addition, various regulatory agencies periodically review our loan ratings and allowance for loan losses
and the Bank s internal loan review department performs loan reviews.    The following tables provide the activity of our allowance for
loan losses and loan balances for three and nine months ended September 30, 2016:      
 
      22  

Table of Contents  

  The following table provides the activity of the allowance for loan losses and loan balances for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015:      

(1)   
 Represents the portion of the allowance for loan losses established to capture factors not already included in other components in our allowance for loan losses methodology.    

(2)   
 The difference between this amount and nonaccruing loans represents accruing troubled debt restructured loans of $14.2 million and $13.6 million for the periods ending September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Accruing
troubled debt restructured loans are considered impaired loans.    

(3)   
 Ending loan balances do not include deferred costs.       Nonaccrual and Past Due Loans   
 Nonaccruing loans are those on which the accrual of interest has ceased. We discontinue accrual of interest on originated loans after payments
become more than 90 days past due or earlier if we do not expect the full collection of principal or interest in accordance with the terms of the loan agreement. Interest accrued but not collected at the date a loan is placed on nonaccrual status is
reversed and charged against interest income. In addition, the accretion of net deferred loan fees is suspended when a loan is placed on nonaccrual status. Subsequent cash receipts are applied either to the outstanding principal balance or recorded
as interest income, depending on our assessment of the ultimate collectability of principal and interest. Loans greater than 90 days past due and still accruing are defined as loans contractually past due 90 days or more as to principal or interest
payments, but which remain in accrual status because they are considered well secured and are in the process of collection.    The following
tables show our nonaccrual and past due loans at the dates indicated:      

(1)   
 The balances above include $766.9 million of acquired nonimpaired loans.    
      23  

Table of Contents  

(1)   
 The balances above include $371.1 million of acquired nonimpaired loans       Impaired Loans   
 Loans for which it is probable we will not collect all principal and interest due according to their contractual terms, which is assessed based
on the credit characteristics of the loan and/or payment status, are measured for impairment in accordance with the provisions of SAB 102 and FASB ASC 310,  Receivables  (ASC 310). The amount of impairment is required to be measured using one
of three methods: (1) the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate; (2) the fair value of collateral, if the loan is collateral dependent or (3) the loan s observable market
price. If the measure of the impaired loan is less than the recorded investment in the loan, a related allowance is allocated for the impairment.  
 The following tables provide an analysis of our impaired loans at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

(1)   
 Reflects loan balances at or written down to their remaining book balance.    

(2)   
 The above includes acquired impaired loans totaling $6.7 million in the ending loan balance and $7.8 million in the contractual principal balance.    

(1)   
 Reflects loan balances at or written down to their remaining book balance.    

(2)   
 The above includes acquired impaired loans totaling $2.9 million in the ending loan balance and $3.5 million in the contractual principal balance.    
      24  

Table of Contents  

  Interest income of $0.5 million and $0.8 million was recognized on impaired loans during the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. Interest income of $0.4 million and $1.3 million was recognized on impaired loans during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
 As of September 30, 2016, there were 27 residential loans and 12 commercial loans in the process of foreclosure. The total outstanding balance
on the loans was $4.9 million and $2.0 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2015, there were 32 residential loans and 3 commercial loans in the process of foreclosure. The total outstanding balance on the loans was $5.0 million and $0.7
million, respectively.     Reserves on Acquired Nonimpaired Loans   
 In accordance with FASB ASC 310, loans acquired by the Bank through its merger with FNBW, Alliance and Penn Liberty are required to be
reflected on the balance sheet at their fair values on the date of acquisition as opposed to their contractual values. Therefore, on the date of acquisition establishing an allowance for acquired loans is prohibited. After the acquisition date the
Bank performs a separate allowance analysis on a quarterly basis to determine if an allowance for loan loss is necessary. Should the credit risk calculated exceed the purchased loan portfolio s remaining credit mark, additional reserves will be
added to the Bank s allowance. When a purchased loan becomes impaired after its acquisition, it is evaluated as part of the Bank s reserve analysis and a specific reserve is established to be included in the Bank s allowance.  
  Credit Quality Indicators     Below is a
description of each of our risk ratings for all commercial loans:      

Pass . These borrowers currently show no indication of deterioration or potential problems and their loans are considered fully
collectible                .       

Special Mention  .  Borrowers have potential weaknesses that deserve management s close attention. Borrowers in this category may be experiencing adverse operating trends, for example, declining revenues
or margins, high leverage, tight liquidity, or increasing inventory without increasing sales. These adverse trends can have a potential negative effect on the borrower s repayment capacity. These assets are not adversely classified and do not
expose the Bank to significant risk that would warrant a more severe rating. Borrowers in this category may also be experiencing significant management problems, pending litigation, or other structural credit weaknesses.   

Substandard . Borrowers have well-defined weaknesses that require extensive oversight by management. Borrowers in this category may exhibit one or more of the following: inadequate debt service coverage,
unprofitable operations, insufficient liquidity, high leverage, and weak or inadequate capitalization. Relationships in this category are not adequately protected by the sound financial worth and paying capacity of the obligor or the collateral
pledged on the loan, if any. The distinct possibility exists that the Bank will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected.       

Doubtful . Borrowers have well-defined weaknesses inherent in the Substandard category with the added characteristic that the possibility of loss is extremely high. Current circumstances in the credit
relationship make collection or liquidation in full highly questionable. A doubtful asset has some pending event that may strengthen the asset that defers the loss classification. Such impending events include: perfecting liens on additional
collateral, obtaining collateral valuations, an acquisition or liquidation preceding, proposed merger, or refinancing plan.       

Loss . Borrowers are uncollectible or of such negligible value that continuance as a bankable asset is not supportable. This classification does not mean that the asset has absolutely no recovery or salvage
value, but rather that it is not practical to defer writing off this asset even though partial recovery may be recognized sometime in the future.   
  Residential and Consumer Loans     The
residential and consumer loan portfolios are monitored on an ongoing basis using delinquency information and loan type as credit quality indicators. These credit quality indicators are assessed in the aggregate in these relatively homogeneous
portfolios. Loans that are greater than 90 days past due are generally considered nonperforming and placed on nonaccrual status.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

  The following tables provide an analysis of loans by portfolio segment based on the credit
quality indicators used to determine the Allowance for Loan Loss.    Commercial Credit Exposure  

Residential and Consumer Credit Exposure      

(1)   
 Includes $14.2 million as of September 30, 2016 and $13.6 million as of December 31, 2015 of troubled debt restructured mortgages and home equity installment loans that are performing in accordance with the loans 
modified terms and are accruing interest.    
 
      26  

Table of Contents  

   Troubled Debt Restructurings (TDR)   
 TDRs are recorded in accordance with FASB ASC 310-40,  Troubled Debt Restructuring by Creditors (ASC 310-40) . The balance of TDRs at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $22.0 million and $24.6 million, respectively. The balance at September 30, 2016 included approximately $7.8 million of TDRs in nonaccrual status and $14.2 million of TDRs in accrual status compared
to $11.0 million in nonaccrual status and $13.6 million in accrual status at December 31, 2015. Approximately $1.8 million and $2.1 million in related reserves have been established for these loans at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively.    During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the terms of 20 loans were modified in TDRs. Twelve modifications
were for consumer loans of which ten were HELOC conversions and two loans were discharged in bankruptcy. Six were residential mortgages; three received rate reduction and maturity date extension, two received forbearance agreements and one
residential mortgage was discharged in bankruptcy. One commercial loan in bankruptcy was granted interest-only payments and one commercial loan was granted a maturity date extension. Our concessions on restructured loans typically consist of
forbearance agreements, reduction in interest rates or extensions of maturities. Principal balances are generally not forgiven when a loan is modified as a TDR. Nonaccruing restructured loans remain in nonaccrual status until there has been a
period of sustained repayment performance, typically six months and payment is reasonably assured.    The following table presents loans
identified as TDRs during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.      
   During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the TDRs set forth in the table above increased our allowance
for loan losses less than $0.1 million, and resulted in charge-offs of less than $0.1 million. For the same period of 2015, the TDRs set forth in the table above increased our allowance for loan losses less than $0.1 million through the
allocation of a related reserve and resulted in charge-offs of less than $0.1 million.  
      27  

Table of Contents  

   7. REVERSE MORTGAGE LOANS   
 Reverse mortgage loans are contracts in which a homeowner borrows against the equity in their home and receives cash in one lump sum payment,
a line of credit, fixed monthly payments for either a specific term or for as long as the homeowner lives in the home, or a combination of these options. Since reverse mortgages are nonrecourse obligations, the loan repayments are generally limited
to the sale proceeds of the borrower s residence and the mortgage balance consists of cash advanced, interest compounded over the life of the loan and some may include a premium which represents a portion of the shared appreciation in the
home s value, if any, or a percentage of the value of the residence.    Our investment in reverse mortgages totaled $23.1 million at
September 30, 2016. The portfolio consists of 80 loans with an average borrowers  age of 94 years old and there is currently significant overcollateralization in the portfolio, as the realizable collateral value (the lower of collectible
principal and interest, or appraised value and annual broker price opinion of the home) of $42.1 million exceeds the outstanding book balance at September 30, 2016. Broker price opinions are updated at least annually. Additional broker price
opinions are obtained when our quarterly review indicates that a home s value has increased or decreased by at least 50% during any given period.  
 The carrying value of the reverse mortgages is calculated using a proprietary model that uses the income approach as described in FASB ASC
820-10,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosure  (ASC 820-10). The model is a present value cash flow model which describes the components of a present value measurement. The model incorporates the projected cash flows of the loans (includes
payouts and collections) and then discounts these cash flows using the effective yield required on the life of the portfolio to reduce the net investment to zero at the time the final reverse mortgage contract is expected to be liquidated. The
inputs to the model reflect our expectations of what other market participants would use in pricing this asset in a current transaction and therefore is consistent with ASC 820 that requires an exit price methodology for determining fair value.  
 To determine the carrying value of these reverse mortgages as of September 30, 2016, we used the proprietary model described above and actual
cash flow information to estimate future cash flows. There are three main drivers of cash flows; 1) move-out rates, 2) house price appreciation (HPA) forecasts, and 3) internal rate of return.  

1) 
 Move-out Rates   We used the actuarial estimates of contract termination provided in the United States Mortality Rates Period Life Table, 2011, published by the Office of the Actuary Social Security in 2015,
adjusted for expected prepayments and relocations which we adopted during 2016.        

2) 
 House Price Appreciation   We utilize house price forecasts from various market sources. Based on this information, we forecasted a 2.5% increase in housing prices during 2016 and a 2.0% increase in the following
year and thereafter. We believe this forecast continues to be appropriate given the nature of reverse mortgage collateral and historical under-performance to the broad housing market. Annually, during the fourth quarter, current collateral values
are updated through broker price opinions.        

3) 
 Internal Rate of Return   As of September 30, 2016, the internal rate of return (IRR) of 19.49% was the effective yield required on the life of the portfolio to reduce the net investment to zero at the time the
final reverse mortgage contract is expected to be liquidated.    
      28  

Table of Contents  

  As of September 30, 2016, the Company s actuarially estimated cash payments to reverse
mortgagors are as follows:      

(1)    
   This table does not take into consideration cash inflow including payments from mortgagors or payoffs based on contractual terms.    
 The amount of the contract value that would be forfeited if we were not to make cash payments to reverse mortgagors in the future is $6.4
million.    The future cash flows depend on the HPA assumptions. If the future changes in collateral value were assumed to be zero, income
would decrease by $0.7 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 with an IRR of 18.76%. If the future changes in collateral value were assumed to be reduced by 1%, income would decrease by $0.3 million with an IRR of 19.16%.  
 The net present value of the projected cash flows depends on the IRR used. If the IRR increased by 1%, the net present value would increase by
$1.2 million. If the IRR decreased by 1%, the net present value would decrease by $1.2 million.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

   8. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLES   
 In accordance with FASB ASC 805,  Business Combinations  (ASC 805) and FASB ASC 350,  Intangibles-Goodwill and Other  (ASC 350), all
assets and liabilities acquired in purchase acquisitions, including goodwill, indefinite-lived intangibles and other intangibles are recorded at fair value.  
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we determined there were no events or other indicators of impairment as it relates to
goodwill or other intangibles.    The following table shows the allocation of goodwill to our reportable operating segments for purposes of
goodwill impairment testing:      
   ASC 350 also requires that an acquired intangible asset be separately recognized if the benefit of the
intangible asset is obtained through contractual or other legal rights, or if the asset can be sold, transferred, licensed, rented or exchanged, regardless of the acquirer s intent to do so.  
 The following table summarizes other intangible assets:      
   Core deposits are amortized over their expected lives using the present value of the benefit of the core
deposits and either accelerated or straight-line methods of amortization. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized amortization expense on other intangible assets of $1.3 million.  
      30  

Table of Contents  

  The following presents the estimated amortization expense of intangibles:  
   
    9. ASSOCIATE BENEFIT PLANS   
  Postretirement Benefits     We share certain
costs of providing health and life insurance benefits to eligible retired Associates and their eligible dependents. Previously, all Associates were eligible for these benefits if they reached normal retirement age while working for us. Effective
March 31, 2014, we changed the eligibility of this plan to include only those Associates who have achieved ten years of service with us as of March 31, 2014. As of December 31, 2014, we began to use the mortality table issued by the Office of the
Actuary of the United States Bureau of Census in October 2014 in our calculation.    We account for our obligations under the provisions of
FASB ASC 715,  Compensation - Retirement Benefits  (ASC 715). ASC 715 requires that the costs of these benefits be recognized over an Associate s active working career. Amortization of unrecognized net gains or losses resulting from
experience different from that assumed and from changes in assumptions is included as a component of net periodic benefit cost over the remaining service period of active employees to the extent that such gains and losses exceed 10% of the
accumulated postretirement benefit obligation, as of the beginning of the year.    The following are disclosures of the net periodic benefit
cost components of postretirement benefits measured at January 1, 2016 and 2015.      
 
      31  

Table of Contents  

   10. INCOME TAXES   
 We account for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740,  Income Taxes  (ASC 740). ASC 740 requires the recording of deferred
income taxes that reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. We exercise significant judgment in the
evaluation of the amount and timing of the recognition of the resulting tax assets and liabilities. The judgments and estimates required for the evaluation are updated based upon changes in business factors and the tax laws. If actual results differ
from the assumptions and other considerations used in estimating the amount and timing of tax recognized, there can be no assurance that additional expenses will not be required in future periods.  
 ASC 740 prescribes a minimum probability threshold that a tax position must meet before a financial statement benefit is recognized. We
recognize, when applicable, interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes in the financial statements. Assessment of uncertain tax positions under ASC 740 requires careful consideration of the
technical merits of a position based on our analysis of tax regulations and interpretations.    There were no unrecognized tax benefits as
of September 30, 2016. We record interest and penalties on potential income tax deficiencies as income tax expense. Our federal and state tax returns for the 2013 through 2015 tax years are subject to examination as of September 30,
2016. Pennsylvania is currently auditing our 2012 and 2013 state tax returns. We do not expect to record or realize any material unrecognized tax benefits during 2016.  
 As a result of the adoption of ASU No. 2014-01,   Investments-Equity Method and Joint Ventures: Accounting for Investments in Qualified
Affordable Housing Projects ,  the amortization of our low-income housing credit investments has been reflected as income tax expense. Accordingly, $0.4 million and $1.2 million of such amortization has been reflected as income tax expense
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $0.5 million and $1.4 million for the same periods in 2015.  
 The amount of affordable housing tax credits, amortization and tax benefits recorded as income tax expense for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 were $1.2 million, $1.2 million and $0.3 million, respectively. The carrying value of the investment in affordable housing credits is $10.8 million at September 30, 2016, compared to $12.0 million at December 31, 2015.  
  11. FAIR VALUE DISCLOSURES OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES   
  FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES   
 ASC 820-10 defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. ASC 820-10 establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the use of inputs used in valuation methodologies into the following three levels:  
 Level 1: Inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices, unadjusted, for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. A quoted
price in an active market provides the most reliable evidence of fair value and shall be used to measure fair value whenever available.  
 Level 2: Inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; inputs to the
valuation methodology include quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; or inputs to the valuation methodology that are derived principally from or can be corroborated by observable market data by
correlation or other means.    Level 3: Inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.
Level 3 assets and liabilities include financial instruments whose value is determined using discounted cash flow methodologies, as well as instruments for which the determination of fair value requires significant management judgment or estimation.
   The following tables present financial instruments carried at fair value as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 by level in the
valuation hierarchy (as described above):  
      32  

Table of Contents  

There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy during the three months ending
September 30, 2016 and no material liabilities measured at fair value as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  
      33  

Table of Contents  

  Fair value is based upon quoted market prices, where available. If such quoted market prices are
not available, fair value is based upon internally developed models or obtained from third parties that primarily use, as inputs, observable market-based parameters. Valuation adjustments may be made to ensure that financial instruments are recorded
at fair value. These adjustments may include unobservable parameters. Our valuation methodologies may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. While we believe our
valuation methodologies are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value
at the reporting date.     Available-for-sale securities   
 As of September 30, 2016, securities classified as available-for-sale are reported at fair value using Level 2 inputs, except for one mutual
fund asset related to the Penn Liberty acquisition, which is categorized as Level 1. Included in the Level 2 total are approximately $35.1 million in U.S. Treasury Notes and Federal Agency debentures, and $742.1 million in Federal Agency MBS.
We believe that this Level 2 designation is appropriate for these securities under ASC 820-10 as, with almost all fixed income securities, none are exchange traded, and all are priced by correlation to observed market data. For these securities
we obtain fair value measurements from an independent pricing service. The fair value measurements consider observable data that may include dealer quotes, market spreads, cash flows, U.S. government and agency yield curves, live trading
levels, trade execution data, market consensus prepayment speeds, credit information, and the security s terms and conditions, among other factors.  
  Other real estate owned     Other real
estate owned consists of loan collateral which has been repossessed through foreclosure or other measures. Initially, foreclosed assets are recorded at the lower of the loan balance or fair value of the collateral less estimated selling
costs. Subsequent to foreclosure, valuations are updated periodically and the assets may be marked down further, reflecting a new cost basis. The fair value of our real estate owned was estimated using Level 3 inputs based on appraisals
obtained from third parties.    Loans held for sale   
 The fair value of our loans held for sale is based upon estimates using Level 2 inputs. These inputs are based upon pricing information
obtained from secondary markets and brokers and applied to loans with similar interest rates and maturities.     Impaired loans   
 We evaluate and value impaired loans at the time the loan is identified as impaired, and the fair values of such loans are estimated using
Level 3 inputs in the fair value hierarchy. Each loan s collateral has a unique appraisal and management s discount of the value is based on the factors unique to each impaired loan. The significant unobservable input in determining the
fair value is management s subjective discount on appraisals of the collateral securing the loan, which range from 10% - 50%. Collateral may consist of real estate and/or business assets including equipment, inventory and/or accounts receivable
and the value of these assets is determined based on the appraisals by qualified licensed appraisers hired by us. Appraised and reported values may be discounted based on management s historical knowledge, changes in market conditions from the
time of valuation, estimated costs to sell, and/or management s expertise and knowledge of the client and the client s business.  
 Impaired loans, which are measured for impairment by either calculating the expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective
interest rate or determining the fair value of the collateral for collateral dependent loans has a gross amount of $44.1 million and $37.7 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The valuation allowance on
impaired loans was $3.6 million as of September 30, 2016 and $2.6 million as of December 31, 2015.    FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS   
 The reported fair values of financial instruments are based on a variety of factors. In certain cases, fair values represent quoted market
prices for identical or comparable instruments. In other cases, fair values have been estimated based on assumptions regarding the amount and timing of estimated future cash flows that are discounted to reflect current market rates and varying
degrees of risk. Accordingly, the fair values may not represent actual values of the financial instruments that could have been realized as of period-end or that will be realized in the future.  
      34  

Table of Contents  

  The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each class of
financial instruments for which it is practicable to estimate that value:     Cash and cash equivalents   
 For cash and short-term investment securities, including due from banks, federal funds sold or purchased under agreements to resell and
interest-bearing deposits with other banks, the carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value.     Investment securities   
 Fair value is estimated using quoted prices for similar securities, which we obtain from a third party vendor. We utilize one of the
largest providers of securities pricing to the industry and management periodically assesses the inputs used by this vendor to price the various types of securities owned by us to validate the vendor s methodology. 
  Loans held for sale     Loans held for sale
are carried at their fair value (see discussion in  Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities  section above).     Loans   
 Fair values are estimated for portfolios of loans with similar financial characteristics. Loans are segregated by type: commercial, commercial
mortgages, owner-occupied commercial construction, residential mortgages and consumer. For loans that reprice frequently, the book value approximates fair value. The fair values of other types of loans are estimated by discounting expected cash
flows using the current rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with comparable credit ratings and for similar remaining maturities. The fair value of nonperforming loans is based on recent external appraisals of the underlying
collateral. Estimated cash flows, discounted using a rate commensurate with current rates and the risk associated with the estimated cash flows, are utilized if appraisals are not available. This technique does not contemplate an exit price.
    Reverse mortgage loans     The fair
value of our investment in reverse mortgages is based on the net present value of estimated cash flows, which have been updated to reflect recent external appraisals of the underlying collateral. For additional information on reverse mortgage loans,
see Note 7- Reverse Mortgage Loans.     Stock in the Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) of Pittsburgh   
 The fair value of FHLB stock is assumed to be equal to its cost basis, since the stock is non-marketable but redeemable at its par value.  
  Other assets     Other assets includes,
among others, other real estate owned (see discussion earlier in this note) and our investment in Visa Class B stock. Our ownership includes shares acquired at no cost from our prior participation in Visa s network, while Visa
operated as a cooperative. During 2015 and 2016 we purchased additional shares which are accounted for as non-marketable equity securities and carried at cost. We evaluated the shares carried at cost for OTTI as of September 30, 2016, and the
evaluation showed no OTTI as of September 30, 2016. Following resolution of Visa s covered litigation, shares of Visa s Class B stock will be converted to Visa Class A shares.  
 While only current owners of Class B shares are allowed to purchase other Class B shares, there have been several transactions between Class B
shareholders. Based on these transactions we estimate the value of our Class B shares to be $13.3 million as of September 30, 2016.  
      35  

Table of Contents  

   Deposits   
 The fair value deposits with no stated maturity, such as noninterest-bearing demand deposits, money market and interest-bearing demand
deposits, is assumed to be equal to the amount payable on demand. The fair value of time deposits is based on the discounted value of contractual cash flows. The discount rate is estimated using rates currently offered for deposits with
comparable remaining maturities.     Borrowed funds   
 Rates currently available to us for debt with similar terms and remaining maturities are used to estimate fair value of existing debt.  
  Off-balance sheet instruments     The fair
value of off-balance sheet instruments, including commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit, approximates the recorded net deferred fee amounts, which are not significant. Because commitments to extend credit and letters of credit
are generally not assignable by either us or the borrower, they only have value to us and the borrower.    The book value and estimated fair
value of our financial instruments are as follows:      

(1)   
 Excludes impaired loans, net.      At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 we had no
commitments to extend credit measured at fair value.  
      36  

Table of Contents  

   12. SEGMENT INFORMATION   
 As defined in FASB ASC 280,  Segment Reporting  (ASC 280), an operating segment is a component of an enterprise that engages in business
activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses, whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise s chief operating decision makers to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its
performance, and for which discrete financial information is available. We evaluate performance based on pretax ordinary income relative to resources used, and allocate resources based on these results. The accounting policies applicable to our
segments are those that apply to our preparation of the accompanying unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. Based on these criteria, we have identified three segments: WSFS Bank, Cash Connect, and Wealth Management.  
 The WSFS Bank segment provides financial products to commercial and retail customers. Retail and Commercial Banking, Commercial Real Estate
Lending and other banking business units are operating departments of WSFS Bank. These departments share the same regulator, the same market, many of the same customers and provide similar products and services through the general infrastructure of
the Bank. Accordingly, these departments are not considered discrete segments and are appropriately aggregated within the WSFS Bank segment in accordance with ASC 280.  
 Cash Connect provides ATM vault cash and smart safe and cash logistics services through strategic partnerships with several of the largest
networks, manufacturers and service providers in the ATM industry. The balance sheet category  Cash in non-owned ATMs  includes cash from which fee income is earned through bailment arrangements with customers of Cash Connect.  
 The Wealth Management segment provides a broad array of fiduciary, investment management, credit and deposit products to clients through four
business lines. WSFS Wealth Investments provides insurance and brokerage products primarily to our retail banking clients. Cypress Capital Management, LLC is a registered investment advisor. Cypress  primary market segment is high net worth
individuals, offering a  balanced  investment style focused on preservation of capital and current income. Christiana Trust provides fiduciary and investment services to personal trust clients, and trustee, agency, bankruptcy
administration, custodial and commercial domicile services to corporate and institutional clients. WSFS Private Banking serves high net worth clients by delivering credit and deposit products and partnering with other business units to deliver
investment management and fiduciary products and services.    Segment information for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
follows:  
      37  

Table of Contents  

38  

Table of Contents  

(1)   
 Capital expenditures amounts have been adjusted to correct errors that were not material to our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2015. Previously reported capital expenditures were $3.5 million for
WSFS Bank, $1.5 million for Cash Connect, $0.1 million for Wealth Management, and $5.0 million for Total Consolidated Company.    
      39  

Table of Contents  

  Segment information for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 follows:  

40  

Table of Contents  

(1)   
 Capital expenditures amounts have been adjusted to correct errors that were not material to our Form 10-Q for the nine month period ended September 30, 2015. Previously reported capital expenditures were $4.6
million for WSFS Bank, $4.0 million for Cash Connect, $0.1 million for Wealth Management, and $8.7 million for Total Consolidated Company.    
      41  

Table of Contents  

   13. INDEMNIFICATIONS AND GUARANTEES   
  Secondary Market Loan Sales     Given the
current interest rate environment, coupled with our desire not to hold newly originated residential mortgage loans in our portfolio, we generally sell these assets in the secondary market to mortgage loan aggregators, and on a more limited basis, to
GSEs such as FHLMC, FNMA, and the FHLB. Loans held for sale are reflected on our unaudited Consolidated Statements of Condition at fair value with changes in the value reflected in our unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and
Comprehensive Income. Gains and losses are recognized at the time of sale. We periodically retain the servicing rights on residential mortgage loans sold which results in monthly service fee income. The mortgage servicing rights are included in our
intangible assets in our unaudited Consolidated Statements of Condition. Otherwise, we sell loans with servicing released on a nonrecourse basis. Rate-locked loan commitments that we intend to sell in the secondary market are accounted for as
derivatives under the guidance in FASB ASC Topic 815,  Derivatives and Hedging  (ASC 815).    We generally do not sell loans with
recourse, except for standard loan sale contract provisions covering violations of representations and warranties and, under certain circumstances, early payment default by the borrower. These are customary repurchase provisions in the secondary
market for residential mortgage loan sales. These provisions may include either an indemnification from loss or the repurchase of the loans. Repurchases and losses have been rare and no provision is made for losses at the time of sale. There
were no such repurchases for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.     Swap Guarantees   
 We entered into agreements with three unrelated financial institutions whereby those financial institutions entered into interest rate
derivative contracts (interest rate swap transactions) with customers referred to them by us. By the terms of the agreements, those financial institutions have recourse to us for any exposure created under each swap transaction in the event
that the customer defaults on the swap agreement and the agreement is in a paying position to the third-party financial institution. This is a customary arrangement that allows smaller financial institutions like us to provide access to
interest rate swap transactions for our customers without creating the swap ourselves. These swap guarantees are accounted for as credit derivatives under ASC 815 .      
 At September 30, 2016 there were 130 variable-rate to fixed-rate swap transactions between the third party financial institutions and our
customers, compared to 119 at December 31, 2015. The initial notional aggregate amount was approximately $498.6 million at September 30, 2016 compared to $481.6 million at December 31, 2015. At September 30, 2016 maturities ranged from one
month to over 19 years. The aggregate market value of these swaps to the customers was a liability of $27.2 million at September 30, 2016 and $18.1 million at December 31, 2015. There were no reserves for the swap guarantees as of
September 30, 2016.  
      42  

Table of Contents  

   14. CHANGE IN ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   
 Accumulated other comprehensive income includes unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale investments and unrecognized prior service
costs on defined benefit pension plans, and changes to the fair value of derivatives used for cash flow hedging. Changes to accumulated other comprehensive income are presented net of tax effect as a component of equity. Reclassification out of
accumulated other comprehensive income is recorded on the statement of operations either as a gain or loss.    Changes to accumulated other
comprehensive income by component are shown net of taxes in the following tables for the period indicated:      
 
      43  

Table of Contents  

  The Consolidated Statements of Operations were impacted by components of other comprehensive income as shown in
the table below:      
 
      44  

Table of Contents  

   15. LEGAL AND OTHER PROCEEDINGS   
 As we disclosed in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016, a tentative settlement was reached in the
litigation captioned Goldstein v. Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB (In re: Universal Marketing, Inc.), Chapter 7, Case No. 09-15404 (ELF), Adv. Pro. No. 11-00512 (Bkcy. E. D. PA). The settlement has since been approved by the court, and the case
has been dismissed.    From time to time we are brought into certain legal matters and/or disputes through our Wealth Management segment, as
a result of sometimes highly complex documents and servicing requirements that are part of this business. While the outcomes carry some degree of uncertainty, management does not currently anticipate that the ultimate liability, if any, arising out
of such other proceedings we are aware of, will have a material effect on the Consolidated Financial Statements.    There were no material
changes or additions to other significant pending legal or other proceedings involving us other than those arising out of routine operations.  
      45  

Table of Contents  

      ITEM 2.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS       OVERVIEW    
 The Company is a savings and loan holding company headquartered in Wilmington, Delaware. Substantially all of our assets are held by the
Company s subsidiary, Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, or WSFS Bank, one of the ten oldest bank and trust companies continuously operating under the same name in the United States. At $6.6 billion in assets and $14.3 billion in fiduciary
assets, WSFS Bank is also the largest bank and trust company headquartered in the Delaware Valley. As a federal savings bank, which was formerly chartered as a state mutual savings bank, the Bank enjoys broader fiduciary powers than most other types
of financial institutions. A fixture in the community, the Bank has been in operation for more than 184 years. In addition to its focus on stellar customer service, the Bank has continued to fuel growth and remains a leader in our community. We are
a relationship-focused, locally-managed, community banking institution. We state our mission simply:  We Stand for Service.  Our strategy of  Engaged Associates delivering Stellar Experiences growing Customer Advocates and value
for our Owners  focuses on exceeding customer expectations, delivering stellar service and building customer advocacy through highly-trained, relationship-oriented, friendly, knowledgeable and empowered Associates. 
 Our core banking business is commercial lending funded by customer-generated deposits. We have built a $3.7 billion commercial loan portfolio
by recruiting the best seasoned commercial lenders in our markets and offering the high level of service and flexibility typically associated with a community bank. We fund this business primarily with deposits generated through commercial
relationships and retail deposits. As of September 30, 2016, we service our customers primarily from our 76 offices located in Delaware (46), Pennsylvania (28), Virginia (1) and Nevada (1) and through our website at  www.wsfsbank.com . We
also offer a broad variety of consumer loan products, retail securities and insurance brokerage through our retail branches, and mortgage and title services through those branches and through Pennsylvania-based WSFS Mortgage. WSFS Mortgage is a
mortgage banking company specializing in a variety of residential mortgage and refinancing solutions.   On August 12, 2016 we completed the
acquisition of Penn Liberty Financial Corp. (Penn Liberty), a community bank headquartered in Wayne, Pennsylvania. We expect this acquisition to build our market share, deepen our presence in the southeastern Pennsylvania market, and grow our
customer base. The results of Penn Liberty s operations are included in our Consolidated Financial Statements since the date of the acquisition. See Note 2   Business Combinations in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
further information.    Also during the third quarter, we acquired the assets of Powdermill Financial Solutions LLC (Powdermill), a
multi-family office serving an affluent clientele in the local community and throughout the United States. This acquisition aligns with our strategic plan to expand our wealth management offerings and to diversify our fee-income generating
businesses.    On October 17, 2016, we acquired the assets of West Capital Management, an independent, fee-only wealth management firm
operating under a multi-family office philosophy. This acquisition aligns with our strategic plan to expand our wealth management offerings and to diversity our fee-income generating business.  
 The Cash Connect segment is a premier provider of ATM vault cash and smart safe and cash logistics in the United States. It manages over $891
million in vault cash in over 20,000 non-bank ATMs nationwide and provides related services such as online reporting and ATM cash management, predictive cash ordering, armored carrier management, ATM processing equipment sales and deposit safe cash
logistics. Cash Connect also operates 447 ATMs for the Bank, which has the largest branded ATM network in Delaware.   As a provider of ATM
vault cash to the U.S. ATM industry, Cash Connect is exposed to substantial operational risk, including theft of cash from ATMs, armored vehicles, or armored carrier terminals, as well as general risk of accounting errors or fraud. This risk is
managed through a series of financial controls, automated tracking and settlement systems, contracts, and other risk mitigation strategies, including both loss prevention and loss recovery strategies. Throughout its 16-year history, Cash Connect
periodically has been exposed to losses through theft from armored courier companies and consistently has been able to recover losses through its risk management strategies.  
 The Wealth Management segment provides a broad array of fiduciary, investment management, credit and deposit products to clients through four
businesses. WSFS Wealth Investments provides insurance and brokerage products primarily to our retail banking clients. Cypress is a registered investment advisor with approximately $683 million in assets under management. Cypress 
primary market segment is high net worth individuals and offers a  balanced  investment style focused on preservation of capital and providing for current income. Christiana Trust, with $13.6 billion in assets under management and
administration, provides fiduciary and investment services to personal trust clients, and trustee, agency, bankruptcy, custodial and commercial domicile services to corporate and institutional clients. WSFS Private Banking serves high net worth
clients by delivering credit and deposit products and partnering with other business units to deliver investment management and fiduciary products and services.  
 As a provider of trust services to our clients, we are exposed to operational, reputational and legal risks due to the inherent complexity of
the trust business. To mitigate these risks, we rely on the hiring, development and retention of experienced Associates, financial controls, managerial oversight, and other risk management practices. Also, from time to time our trust
business may give rise to disputes with clients and we may be exposed to litigation which could result in significant costs. The ultimate outcome of any litigation is uncertain.  
      46  

Table of Contents  

  The Company has three consolidated subsidiaries, WSFS Bank, Cypress and WSFS Wealth Management,
LLC as well as one unconsolidated subsidiary, WSFS Capital Trust III. WSFS Bank has three wholly-owned subsidiaries, WSFS Wealth Investments, 1832 Holdings, Inc. and Monarch Entity Services LLC.  
   FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS      This Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q contains estimates, predictions, opinions, projections and other  forward-looking statements  as that phrase is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements include, without limitation,
references to the Company s predictions or expectations of future business or financial performance as well as its goals and objectives for future operations, financial and business trends, business prospects, and management s outlook or
expectations for earnings, revenues, expenses, capital levels, liquidity levels, asset quality or other future financial or business performance, strategies or expectations. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words such as
 believe,   expect,   anticipate,   intend,   target,   estimate,   continue,   positions,   prospects  or  potential,  by future conditional verbs
such as  will,   would,   should,   could  or  may , or by variations of such words or by similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are based on various assumptions (some of which may
be beyond the Company s control) and are subject to risks and uncertainties (which change over time) and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those currently anticipated. Such risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to, those related to difficult market conditions and unfavorable economic trends in the United States generally, and particularly in the market areas in which the Company operates and in which its loans are concentrated,
including the effects of declines in housing markets, an increase in unemployment levels and slowdowns in economic growth; the Company s level of nonperforming assets and the costs associated with resolving any problem loans including
litigation and other costs; changes in market interest rates may increase funding costs and reduce earning asset yields thus reducing margin; the impact of changes in interest rates and the credit quality and strength of underlying collateral and
the effect of such changes on the market value of the Company s investment securities portfolio; the credit risk associated with the substantial amount of commercial real estate, construction and land development, and commercial and industrial
loans in our loan portfolio; the extensive federal and state regulation, supervision and examination governing almost every aspect of the Company s operations including the changes in regulations affecting financial institutions, including the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the rules and regulations being issued in accordance with this statute and potential expenses associated with complying with such regulations; possible additional loan losses and
impairment of the collectability of loans; the Company s ability to comply with applicable capital and liquidity requirements (including the finalized Basel III capital standards), including our ability to generate liquidity internally or raise
capital on favorable terms; possible changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies, laws and regulations and other activities of governments, agencies, and similar organizations; any impairment of the Company s goodwill or other
intangible assets; failure of the financial and operational controls of the Company s Cash Connect division; conditions in the financial markets that may limit the Company s access to additional funding to meet its liquidity needs; the
success of the Company s growth plans, including the successful integration of past and future acquisitions; difficulties and delays in integrating the Penn Liberty business or fully realizing cost savings and other benefits of the merger,
business disruption following the merger, Penn Liberty s customer acceptance of the Company s products and services and related customer disintermediation; negative perceptions or publicity with respect to the Company s trust and
wealth management business; system failure or cybersecurity breaches of the Company s network security; the Company s ability to recruit and retain key employees; the effects of problems encountered by other financial institutions that
adversely affect the Company or the banking industry generally; the effects of weather and natural disasters such as floods, droughts, wind, tornadoes and hurricanes as well as effects from geopolitical instability and man-made disasters
including terrorist attacks; possible changes in the speed of loan prepayments by the Company s customers and loan origination or sales volumes; possible acceleration of prepayments of mortgage-backed securities due to low interest rates, and
the related acceleration of premium amortization on prepayments on mortgage-backed securities due to low interest rates; regulatory limits on the Company s ability to receive dividends from its subsidiaries and pay dividends to its
shareholders; the effects of any reputational, credit, interest rate, market, operational, legal, liquidity, regulatory and compliance risk resulting from developments related to any of the risks discussed above; and the costs associated with
resolving any problem loans, litigation and other risks and uncertainties, discussed in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and other documents filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time
to time. Forward looking statements are as of the date they are made, and the Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time by or on behalf of the Company.  
      47  

Table of Contents  

    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES    
 The preparation of the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, requires us to make estimates and
assumptions affecting the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. We regularly evaluate these estimates and assumptions including those used to determine the allowance for loan losses, investment in reverse mortgages, deferred
taxes, fair value measurements, goodwill and other intangible assets. We base our estimates on historical experience and various other factors and assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. These form the basis for
making judgments on the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Although our current estimates contemplate current economic conditions and how we expect them to change in the future, for the
remainder of 2016, it is possible that actual conditions may be worse than anticipated in those estimates, which could materially affect our results of operations and financial condition. Actual results may differ from these estimates under
different assumptions or conditions.    See further discussion of these critical accounting policies in our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2015 and Note 1- Basis of Presentation to the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements.      FINANCIAL CONDITION,
CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY       Financial Condition  
 Our total assets increased $1.0 billion, or 19%, to $6.6 billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Net loans increased
$618.0 million, or 17%, primarily due to organic and acquisition-related growth in our loan portfolio. Cash and cash equivalents increased $252.2 million, or 45%, primarily due to higher cash in non-owned ATMs reflecting the growth of our Cash
Connect segment. Goodwill increased $70.2 million, or 82% and intangible assets increased $7.2 million, or 71%, both as a result of our acquisition activity. Investment securities increased $55.8 million, or 6%, which was primarily due to net
purchases of $36.4 million of available for sale securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as well as a $20.9 million increase in unrealized gains on the portfolio in comparison with December 31, 2015, reflecting a decline
in interest rates.    Total liabilities increased $931.4 million, or 19%, to $5.9 billion during the nine months ended September 30,
2016. Deposits increased $717.1 million, or 18%, primarily due to our acquisition of Penn Liberty. FHLB advances, used to finance our organic and acquisition-related growth, increased $147.7 million, or 22%, which was partially offset by a decrease
of $47.2 million, or 37% in fed funds and repurchase agreements. The $98.2 million, or greater than 100%, increase in senior debt reflects our issuance of $100.0 million of senior notes during the second quarter of 2016.  
  Capital Resources     During the first
quarter of 2015, the WSFS Board of Directors declared a three-for-one stock split of our common stock in the form of a stock dividend. On May 4, 2015, stockholders approved an increase in the authorized shares of common stock from 20.0 million
to 65.0 million. The stock dividend was paid on May 18, 2015 to stockholders of record as of May 4, 2015.    During the second quarter of
2016, WSFS issued $100.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.50% fixed-to-floating rate senior notes due 2026. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, including financing organic
growth, acquisitions, repurchases of common stock and redemption of outstanding indebtedness.    In the third quarter of 2016, WSFS
repurchased 50,000 shares of common stock at an average price of $37.13 as part of our 5% buyback program approved by the Board of Directors during the fourth quarter of 2015. WSFS has 991,194 shares, or over 3% of outstanding shares, remaining
to repurchase under this authorization.    Stockholders  equity increased $111.5 million between December 31, 2015 and
September 30, 2016. This increase was primarily due to the issuance of 1,806,748 shares of stock related to the Penn Liberty acquisition, which increased stockholder s equity by $66.8 million, as well as net income for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 of $46.0 million, partially offset by the payment of common stock dividends and stock buybacks during the quarter.  
      48  

Table of Contents  

  Below is a table comparing the Bank and the Company s consolidated capital position to the
minimum regulatory requirements as of September 30, 2016:      
   Book value per share of common stock was $22.08 at September 30, 2016, an increase of $2.58, or 13% from
$19.50 at December 31, 2015. Tangible common book value per share of common stock (a non-GAAP financial measure) was $16.57 at September 30, 2016, a decrease of $0.27, or 2%, from $16.30 at December 31, 2015. For a reconciliation
of tangible common book value per share to book value per share in accordance with GAAP, see Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measurement to GAAP.  
 Regulators have established five capital tiers: well-capitalized, adequately-capitalized, under-capitalized, significantly under-capitalized,
and critically under-capitalized. A depository institution s capital tier depends upon its capital levels in relation to various relevant capital measures, which include leveraged and risk-based capital measures and certain other
factors. Depository institutions that are not classified as well-capitalized are subject to various restrictions regarding capital distributions, payment of management fees, acceptance of brokered deposits and other operating activities.  
 Regulatory capital requirements for the Bank and the Company include a minimum common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.50% of risk-weighted
assets, a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.00% of risk-weighted assets, a minimum Total capital ratio of 8.00% of risk-weighted assets and a minimum Tier 1 leverage capital ratio of 4.00% of average assets.  
 Not included in the Bank s capital, the Company separately held $121.0 million in cash to support share repurchases, potential dividends,
acquisitions, strategic growth plans and other general corporate purposes.    As of September 30, 2016, the Bank and the Company were in
compliance with regulatory capital requirements and exceeded the amounts required to be considered  well capitalized  as defined in the regulations.  
  Liquidity     We manage our liquidity and
funding needs through our Treasury function and our Asset/Liability Committee. We have a policy that separately addresses liquidity, and management monitors our adherence to policy limits. Also, liquidity risk management is a primary area
of examination by the banking regulators.    We have ready access to several sources to fund growth and meet our liquidity needs. Among
these are: net income, retail deposit programs, loan repayments, FHLB borrowings, repurchase agreements, access to the Federal Discount Window, and access to the brokered deposit market as well as other wholesale funding avenues. In addition,
we have a large portfolio of high-quality, liquid investments, primarily short-duration mortgage-backed securities and government sponsored enterprises notes, that provide a near-continuous source of cash flow to meet current cash needs, or can be
sold to meet larger discrete needs for cash. We believe these sources are sufficient to maintain required and prudent levels of liquidity.  
      49  

Table of Contents  

  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, cash and cash equivalents increased $252.2
million to $813.4 million from $561.2 million as of December 31, 2015. Cash provided by operating activities was $55.5 million, reflecting the cash impact of our operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Cash used by
investing activities was $136.6 million, primarily due to increased lending of $146.5 million and net purchases of available-for-sale investment securities of $36.4 million, partially offset by net cash received from acquisitions of $51.8 million.
Cash provided by financing activities was $333.4 million, primarily reflecting increases in cash of $151.9 million from net increases in organic deposit balances, $147.7 million from net FHLB borrowings to finance our organic and acquisition-related
growth and $97.9 million from our issuance of senior debt during the second quarter of 2016. These increases were partially offset by $47.2 million used for repayment of fed fund borrowings as well as $12.9 million used to purchase treasury stock.
     NONPERFORMING ASSETS    
 Nonperforming assets include nonaccruing loans, nonperforming real estate, assets acquired through foreclosure and restructured commercial,
mortgage and home equity consumer debt. Nonaccruing loans are those on which the accrual of interest has ceased. Loans are placed on nonaccrual status immediately if, in the opinion of management, collection is doubtful, or when principal or
interest is past due 90 days or more and the value of the collateral is insufficient to cover principal and interest. Interest accrued but not collected at the date a loan is placed on nonaccrual status is reversed and charged against interest
income. In addition, the amortization of net deferred loan fees is suspended when a loan is placed on nonaccrual status. Subsequent cash receipts are applied either to the outstanding principal balance or recorded as interest income, depending on
management s assessment of the ultimate collectability of principal and interest. Past due loans are defined as loans contractually past due 90 days or more as to principal or interest payments but which remain in accrual status because they
are considered well secured and in the process of collection.    The following table shows our nonperforming assets and past due loans at
the dates indicated:      

(1)    
   Accruing loans only which includes acquired nonimpaired loans. Nonaccruing TDRs are included in their respective categories of nonaccruing loans.    

(2)    
     Total loans exclude loans held for sale.    
      50  

Table of Contents  

  Nonperforming assets increased $0.7 million between December 31, 2015 and September 30,
2016. However, due to an increase in total assets, nonperforming assets as a percentage of total assets decreased from 0.71% at December 31, 2015 to 0.61% at September 30, 2016.  
 The following table summarizes the changes in nonperforming assets during the periods indicated:  
   
   The timely identification of problem loans is a key element in our strategy to manage our loan portfolio.
Problem loans are all criticized, classified and nonperforming loans and other real estate owned. Timely identification enables us to take appropriate action and, accordingly, minimize losses. An asset review system established to monitor the asset
quality of our loans and investments in real estate portfolios facilitates the identification of problem assets. In general, this system utilizes guidelines established by federal regulation.  
   INTEREST RATE SENSITIVITY      The
matching of maturities or repricing periods of interest rate-sensitive assets and liabilities to promote a favorable interest rate spread and mitigate exposure to fluctuations in interest rates is our primary tool for achieving our asset/liability
management strategies. We regularly review our interest rate sensitivity and adjust the sensitivity within acceptable tolerance ranges. At September 30, 2016, interest-earning liabilities exceeded interest-bearing assets that mature or reprice
within one year (interest-sensitive gap) by $155.1 million. Our interest-sensitive liabilities as a percentage of interest-sensitive assets within the one-year window decreased from 103.9% at December 31, 2015 to 95.2% at September 30, 2016.
Likewise, the one-year interest-sensitive gap as a percentage of total assets decreased to (2.34%) at September 30, 2016 from 1.96% at December 31, 2015. The low rate level of sensitivity reflects our continuing efforts to effectively manage
interest rate risk.    Market risk is the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices and rates. Our market risk arises primarily
from interest rate risk inherent in our lending, investing, and funding activities. To that end, we actively monitor and manage our interest rate risk exposure. One measure, required to be performed by federal regulation, measures the impact of an
immediate change in interest rates in 100 basis point increments on the economic value of equity ratio. The economic value of the equity ratio is defined as the economic value of the estimated cash flows from assets and liabilities as a percentage
of economic value of cash flows from total assets.  
      51  

Table of Contents  

  The following table shows the estimated impact of immediate changes in interest rates on our net
interest margin and economic value of equity ratio at the specified levels at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:      

(1)  
   The percentage difference between net interest margin in a stable interest rate environment and net interest margin as projected under the various rate change
environments.    

(2)  
   The economic value of equity ratio of the Company in a stable interest rate environment and the economic value of equity ratio as projected under the various rate
change environments.    

(3)  
   Sensitivity indicated by a decrease of 200 or 300 basis points is not deemed meaningful (NMF) given the low absolute level of interest rates at that time.
     We also engage in other business activities that are sensitive to changes in interest rates. For example, mortgage
banking revenues and expenses can fluctuate with changing interest rates. These fluctuations are difficult to model and estimate.     COMPARISON OF
THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015       Results of Operations   
 We recorded net income of $12.7 million, or $0.41 per diluted common share, for the three months ended September 30, 2016, a $1.7 million,
or 12% decrease from $14.4 million, or $0.51 per share, for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Corporate development expenses increased $5.0 million in comparison with the three months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to our
acquisitions of Penn Liberty and Powdermill. Net interest income increased by $8.0 million in the quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, primarily due to organic and acquisition-related growth in our loan
portfolio, partially offset by higher interest expense related to deposit growth and our debt issuance in the second quarter of 2016. Noninterest income increased $5.1 million, primarily due to growth in credit/debit card and ATM income, income from
mortgage banking activities, and increased investment management and fiduciary revenue - see   Noninterest (Fee) income   for further information. Partially offsetting these increases was an $11.8 million increase in noninterest
expenses, primarily reflecting our corporate development expenses associated with the acquisitions discussed above and higher employee-related and operating costs supporting our significant organic and acquisition growth - see   Noninterest
Expense   for further information. During the third quarter of 2016, we resolved our largest problem loan, which was also one of our oldest, resulting in a $4.2 million charge-off and $3.0 million in incremental loan loss provision.  
 Net income for the first nine months of 2016 was $46.0 million, or $1.50 per diluted common share, compared to $39.5 million, or $1.39 per
share, for the first nine months of 2015. As discussed above, corporate development expenses increased $4.9 million in comparison with the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to our acquisitions of Penn Liberty and Powdermill.
Net interest income increased $21.9 million, primarily due to organic and acquisition-related growth in our loan portfolio, partially offset by a $4.2 million increase in interest expense primarily resulting from deposit growth, our issuance of debt
during the second quarter and higher FHLB borrowings. Additionally, noninterest income increased $9.6 million from the prior period, primarily due to growth in credit/debit card and ATM income, income from mortgage banking activities, and increased
investment management and fiduciary revenue - see   Noninterest (Fee) income   for further information. Partially offsetting these increases was a $21.5 million increase in noninterest expenses, primarily due to our corporate
development expenses associated with the acquisitions discussed above as well as higher employee-related and operating costs supporting our significant growth in 2016 - see   Noninterest Expense   for further information.  
      52  

Table of Contents  

   Net Interest Income   
 The following tables provide information concerning the balances, yields and rates on interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities
during the periods indicated:      

(1)   
 Weighted average yields have been computed on a tax-equivalent basis using a 35% effective tax rate.    

(2)   
 Nonperforming loans are included in average balance computations.    

(3  )  
   Balances are reflected net of unearned income.    

(4)   
 Includes residential mortgage loans HFS.    

(5)   
 Includes securities available-for-sale at fair value.    

(6)   
 Average balances and related yield are calculated using the fair value of available-for-sale securities.    

(7)   
 Includes federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreement to repurchase.   

(8)   
 Beginning in 2015, the annualization method used to calculate net interest margin was changed to actual/actual from 30/360. All net interest margin calculations were updated to reflect this change.
   
      53  

Table of Contents  

(1)   
 Weighted average yields have been computed on a tax-equivalent basis using a 35% effective tax rate.   

(2)   
 Nonperforming loans are included in average balance computations.   

(3)   
 Balances are reflected net of unearned income.   

(4)   
 Includes securities available-for-sale.   

(5)   
 Includes reverse mortgages.   

(6)   
 Average balances and related yield are calculated using fair value of available-for-sale securities.    

(7)   
 Represents loans held for sale in conjunction with asset disposition strategies.   

(8)   
 Includes residential mortgage loans HFS.    

(9)   
 Includes bonds payable related to the reverse mortgage securitization trust consolidation.    
      54  

Table of Contents  

  During the three months ended September 30, 2016, net interest income increased
$8.0 million, or 23% from the three months ended September 30, 2015, and the net interest margin was 3.84%, a 5 basis point increase compared to 3.79% for the third quarter of 2015. These year-over-year increases in margin dollars and
percentages reflect the impact of organic and acquisition growth, continued pricing discipline while improving balance sheet mix and positive performance of purchased loans and reverse mortgages.  
 The net interest margin for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was 3.87%, compared to 3.77% for the same period in 2015, a 10 basis
point increase. The nine months ended September 30, 2015 included a $0.8 million special FHLB dividend which added 4 basis points to the net interest margin. Compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, net interest income increased
$21.9 million, or 20% in the nine months ended September 30, 2016. In addition, and similar to the quarterly discussion above, the increase in net interest margin and income reflects improvement due to increases in higher yielding loans
and deposit pricing management.     Provision/Allowance for Loan Losses   
 We maintain an allowance for loan losses at an appropriate level based on our assessment of estimable and probable losses in the loan
portfolio, pursuant to GAAP, which is discussed in   Nonperforming Assets  . Our evaluation is based upon a review of the portfolio and requires significant, complex and difficult judgments. For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, we recorded a provision for loan losses of $7.9 million and $6.0 million, respectively.    Our allowance for loan losses is
based on the inherent risk of our loans and various other factors including but not limited to, collateral values, trends in asset quality, level of delinquent loans and concentrations. In addition, regional economic conditions are taken into
consideration. The allowance for loan losses of $39.0 million at September 30, 2016 increased from $37.1 million at December 31, 2015, due to several discrete relationships that moved to nonaccrual status during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, as well as robust loan growth. The ratio of allowance for loan losses to total gross loans was 0.89% at September 30, 2016 and 0.98% at December 31, 2015 and was impacted by the acquisition of Penn Liberty. This
ratio excluding the impact of all purchased loans would have been 1.10% at September 30, 2016. The allowance for loan losses and provision reflect the following:      

55  

Table of Contents  

  The table below represents a summary of changes in the allowance for loan losses for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.      
     
    Noninterest (Fee) Income
    During the third quarter of 2016, the Company earned fee income of $26.8 million, an increase of $5.1 million, or 23%, compared to
$21.7 million in the third quarter of 2015. Excluding net security gains in both periods, fee income increased $4.2 million, or 20%. This increase is primarily due to an increase of $1.3 million in credit/debit card and ATM income, $1.3 million in
mortgage banking activities and $0.7 million in investment management and fiduciary revenue.    For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, the Company earned fee income of $74.8 million, an increase of 15% compared to the $65.2 million of fee income for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in fee income included increases in credit/debit card ATM
income of $3.0 million, mortgage banking activities of $1.5 million, and investment management and fiduciary revenue of $1.4 million.     Noninterest
Expense     Noninterest expense for the third quarter of 2016 was $50.5 million, an increase of $11.8 million, or 30%, from $38.7 million
in the third quarter of 2015. Excluding corporate development costs in both periods, noninterest expense increased $6.8 million compared to the third quarter of 2015. Contributing to the year-over-year increase was $2.5 million of ongoing
operating costs from the addition of the Penn Liberty, Alliance, and Powdermill franchises. The remaining increase reflects higher compensation and related infrastructure costs due to added staff to support the significant organic and acquisition
growth as well as increased performance-based incentive costs.  
      56  

Table of Contents  

  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, noninterest expense was $137.7 million, an
increase of $21.4 million, or 18%, from $116.3 for the nine months ended at September 30, 2015. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, professional fees increased $1.6 million, primarily due to higher legal fees in our Wealth
Management segment. Year-over-year expense growth also included increases in salary expense and benefits, and other compensation expense of $9.0 million. The addition of the acquired franchises mentioned above contributed $5.7 million to higher
year-over-year ongoing operating costs.     Income Taxes   
 We and our subsidiaries file a consolidated federal income tax return and separate state income tax returns. Income taxes are accounted for in
accordance with ASC 740, which requires the recording of deferred income taxes for tax consequences of temporary differences. We recorded an income tax expense of $6.8 million and $24.0 million during the three months and nine months ended September
30, 2016, respectively, compared to an income tax expense of $8.1 million and $22.3 million for the same periods in 2015.    Our effective
tax rate was 34.9% and 34.3% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to 35.9% and 36.0% during the same periods in 2015. The reduction in the effective tax rate is due to lower nondeductible acquisition
costs in the 2016 periods combined with increased tax-exempt income. The effective tax rates in 2016 were also positively impacted by the tax benefit associated with the adoption of ASU No. 2016-09 as discussed in Note 1 - Recent Accounting
Pronouncements, to the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements.    The effective tax rate reflects the recognition of certain tax
benefits in the financial statements including those benefits from tax-exempt interest income, federal low-income housing tax credits, excess tax benefits from recognized stock compensation, and BOLI income. These tax benefits are offset by the tax
effect of stock-based compensation expense related to incentive stock options, nondeductible acquisition costs and a provision for state income tax expense.  
 We frequently analyze our projections of taxable income and make adjustments to our provision for income taxes accordingly.  
   RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP MEASURE TO GAAP MEASURE    
 The following table provides a reconciliation of tangible common book value per share of common stock to book value per share of common stock,
the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. We believe this measure is important to management and investors to better understand and assess changes from period to period in stockholders  equity exclusive of changes in intangible
assets.      
 
      57  

Table of Contents  

    RECENT LEGISLATION    
  General     As a federally chartered savings
institution the Bank is subject to regulation by the FHFA, an independent agency in the executive branch of the U.S. government, the FDIC, the Federal Reserve and the OCC (collectively, the Federal banking agencies). The lending activities and
other investments of the Bank must comply with various federal regulatory requirements. The OCC periodically examines the Bank for compliance with regulatory requirements. The FDIC also has the authority to conduct special examinations of the Bank.
The Bank is required to file periodic reports with the OCC describing its activities and financial condition. The Bank is also subject to certain reserve requirements promulgated by the FHFA and the Federal Reserve.  
  CEO pay ratio disclosure     On August 5,
2015, the SEC adopted a new rule requiring public companies to disclose the CEO s annual total compensation, the annual total compensation of the company s median employee, and the ratio of these two amounts in certain SEC Filings that
require executive compensation information. With certain exceptions, registrants must comply with this rule for the first fiscal year beginning on or after January 1, 2017.  
  Basel III     In 2013, the Federal banking
agencies approved the final rules implementing the BCBS capital guidelines for U.S. banks. Under the final rules, minimum requirements will increase for both the quantity and quality of capital held by the Bank. The rules include a new common equity
Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets minimum ratio of 4.5%, raise the minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets from 4.0% to 6.0%, require a minimum ratio of total capital to risk-weighted assets of 8.0%, and require a minimum Tier 1
leverage ratio of 4.0%. The final rules also establish a new capital conservation buffer, comprised of common equity Tier 1 capital, above the regulatory minimum capital requirements. This capital conservation buffer will be phased-in beginning
January 1, 2016 at 0.625% of risk-weighted assets and increase each subsequent year by an additional 0.625% until reaching its final level of 2.5% on January 1, 2019. The final rules also revise the standards for an insured depository institution to
be  well-capitalized  under the banking agencies  prompt corrective action framework, requiring a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.5%, Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.0% and total capital ratio of 10.0%, while leaving unchanged the
existing 5.0% leverage ratio requirement. Strict eligibility criteria for regulatory capital instruments were also implemented under the final rules. Newly issued trust preferred securities and cumulative perpetual preferred stock may no longer be
included in Tier 1 capital. However, for depository institution holding companies of less than $15 billion in total consolidated assets, such as the Company, most outstanding trust preferred securities and other non-qualifying securities issued
prior to May 19, 2010 are permanently grandfathered to be included in Tier 1 capital (up to a limit of 25% of Tier 1 capital, excluding non-qualifying capital instruments).  
 The phase-in period for the final rules began for us on January 1, 2015, with full compliance with all of the final rules  requirements
phased in over a multi-year schedule and should be fully phased-in by January 1, 2019. Our capital levels at September 30, 2016 remain in excess of the  well-capitalized  regulatory benchmarks under the new rules.  

Item 3.  
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk        Incorporated herein
by reference from Item 2 Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.      

Item 4.  
   Controls and Procedures          

(a) 
  Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures.  Based on their evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act), our principal executive officer and
principal financial officer have concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q such disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports
that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms.    

(b) 
  Changes in internal control over financial reporting.  During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.    
      58  

Table of Contents  

   Part II. OTHER INFORMATION       

Item 1.  
   Legal Proceedings        Incorporated herein by reference to Note 15   Legal
Proceedings to the Consolidated Financial Statements      

Item 1A.  
   Risk Factors        There have not been any material changes to the risk factors
previously disclosed under Item 1A of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, previously filed with the SEC.      

Item 2.  
   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds        The following table
represents information with respect to repurchases of common stock made by the Company during the three months ended September 30, 2016.      

2016  
    
   Total Number 
 of Shares Purchased  
    
 Average Price Paid Per Share 

Total Number of 
 Shares Purchased as   Part of
Publicly   Announced Plans or 
 Programs (1)  
    
   Maximum Number 
 of Shares that May   Yet Be
Purchased   Under the Plans or 
 Programs (1)   

July  

$ 
 N/A 

1,041,194  
 
   August  
    
 50,000 

37.13 

50,000 
    
 991,194  
 
   September  

N/A 

991,194  

Total  
    
 50,000 
    
 $ 
 37.13 

50,000 

(1)    During the fourth quarter of 2015, the Board of Directors approved a stock buyback program
of up to 5% of total outstanding shares of common stock. Under the program, purchases may be made from time to time in the open market or through negotiated transactions, subject to market conditions and other factors, and in accordance with
applicable securities laws. There is no fixed termination date for the repurchase program, and the repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time.   

Item 3.  
   Defaults upon Senior Securities        Not applicable  

Item 4.  
   Mine Safety Disclosures        Not applicable  

Item 5.  
   Other Information        Not applicable  
    Item 6.  Exhibits        

(d) 
 Exhibit 101.INS   XBRL Instance Document    

(e) 
 Exhibit 101.SCH   XBRL Schema Document    

(f) 
 Exhibit 101.CAL   XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document    

(g) 
 Exhibit 101.LAB   XBRL Labels Linkbase Document    

(h) 
 Exhibit 101.PRE   XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document    

(i) 
 Exhibit 101.DEF   XBRL Definition Linkbase Document    
      59  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      

WSFS FINANCIAL CORPORATION   

Date: November 09, 2016 

/s/ Mark A. Turner   

Mark A. Turner  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: November 09, 2016 

/s/ Dominic C. Canuso   

Dominic C. Canuso  

Executive Vice President and  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d226294dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
 I, Mark A. Turner, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of WSFS Financial Corporation;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15-(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 09, 2016 

/s/ Mark A. Turner   

Mark A. Turner  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d226294dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
 I, Dominic C. Canuso, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of WSFS Financial Corporation;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15-(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 09, 2016 

/s/ Dominic C. Canuso   

Dominic C. Canuso  

Executive Vice President and  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 d226294dex32.htm
 EX-32

EX-32 

Exhibit 32   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of WSFS Financial Corporation (the Company) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), we, Mark A. Turner, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Dominic C. Canuso, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer),
hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to our knowledge:      

1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

/s/ Mark A. Turner  

/s/ Dominic C. Canuso   
 
 Mark A. Turner 

Dominic C. Canuso  
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

Executive Vice President  
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  
   Date: November 09, 2016  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 wsfs-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 wsfs-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 wsfs-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 wsfs-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 wsfs-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 wsfs-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

