<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_1514281_0001144204-16-131656_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19335006</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>314687</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>766286</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6443243</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>8995119</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2384120</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>185</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-131656.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104135951
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-131656
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		82
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001514281
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35151
		FILM NUMBER:		161974617

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		245 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		26TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10167
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-692-2000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		245 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		26TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10167

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Alexander Mortgage REIT, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110302

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-131656.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 v450983_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One)  

OR  

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934    

For the transition period from 
    _________________  to  ________________   

Commission file number 001-35151  

AG MORTGAGE INVESTMENT TRUST, INC.  

(212) 692-2000  

  (Registrant s Telephone Number,
Including Area Code)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes     x  
    No        

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 and Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   Yes     x  
    No        

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filed, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.
See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large Accelerated filer      
Accelerated filer   x  
Non-Accelerated filer      
Smaller reporting company       
(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).   Yes  
          No  
  x  

As of October 31, 2016, there were 27,700,154
outstanding shares of common stock of AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. 

AG MORTGAGE INVESTMENT TRUST, INC.  

  TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page    

PART I.       FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
       Financial Statements   

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   
      1   

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited), and September 30, 2015 (unaudited)   
      2   

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited), and September 30, 2015 (unaudited)   
      3   

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited), and September 30, 2015 (unaudited)   
      4   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
      5   

Item 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      41   

Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      71   

Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      74   

PART II.      OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
      74   

Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
      74   

Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      75   

Item 3.  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      75   

Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      75   

Item 5.  
       Other Information   
      75   

Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
      75   

PART I  

ITEM 1.     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. and
Subsidiaries  

  Consolidated Statements of Operations 

  (Unaudited)  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 

  (Unaudited)  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

  (Unaudited)  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    September 30, 2016  

1. Organization  

AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. (the
 Company ) was incorporated in the state of Maryland on March 1, 2011. The Company is focused on investing in, acquiring
and managing a diversified portfolio of residential mortgage-backed securities, or RMBS, issued or guaranteed by a government-sponsored
entity such as Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac (collectively,  GSEs ), or any agency of the U.S. Government such as Ginnie
Mae (collectively,  Agency RMBS ), and other real estate-related securities and financial assets, including Non-Agency
RMBS, ABS, CMBS and loans (as defined below). 

Non-Agency RMBS represent fixed- and floating-rate
RMBS issued by entities or organizations other than a U.S. government-sponsored entity or agency of the U.S. government, including
investment grade (AAA through BBB) and non-investment grade classes (BB and below). The mortgage loan collateral for Non-Agency
RMBS consists of residential mortgage loans that do not generally conform to underwriting guidelines issued by U.S. government
agencies or U.S. government-sponsored entities. 

Asset Backed Securities ( ABS )
are securitized investments similar to the aforementioned investments except the underlying assets are diverse, not only representing
real estate related assets. 

Commercial Mortgage Backed Securities ( CMBS )
represent investments of fixed- and floating-rate CMBS, including investment grade (AAA through BBB) and non-investment grade classes
(BB and below) secured by, or evidence an ownership interest in, a single commercial mortgage loan or a pool of commercial mortgage
loans. 

Collectively, the Company refers to Agency
RMBS, Non-Agency RMBS, ABS and CMBS asset types as  real estate securities  or  securities . 

Commercial loans are secured by an interest
in commercial real estate and represent a contractual right to receive money on demand or on fixed or determinable dates. Residential
mortgage loans refer to performing, re-performing and non-performing loans secured by a first lien mortgage on residential mortgaged
property located in any of the 50 states of the United States or in the District of Columbia. The Company refers to its residential
and commercial mortgage loans as  mortgage loans  or  loans.  

The Company is externally managed by AG
REIT Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the  Manager ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Angelo, Gordon
  Co., L.P. ( Angelo, Gordon ), a privately-held, SEC-registered investment adviser, pursuant to a management agreement.
The Manager, pursuant to a delegation agreement dated as of June 29, 2011, has delegated to Angelo, Gordon the overall responsibility
of its day-to-day duties and obligations arising under the management agreement. 

The Company conducts its operations to
qualify and be taxed as a real estate investment trust ( REIT ) under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
(the  Code ). 

The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated
in consolidation. 

2. Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies  

The accompanying unaudited consolidated
financial statements and related notes have been prepared on the accrual basis of accounting in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) for interim financial reporting and the instructions to
Form 10-Q and Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X. Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period s
presentation. In the opinion of management, all adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation for the interim period
of the Company s financial position, results of operations and cash flows have been included and are of a normal and recurring
nature. The operating results presented for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected
for any other interim period or for the entire year. 

Cash and cash equivalents  

Cash is comprised of cash on deposit with
financial institutions. The Company classifies highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less from
the date of purchase as cash equivalents. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company held no cash equivalents.
The Company places its cash with high credit quality institutions to minimize credit risk exposure. Cash pledged to the Company
as collateral is unrestricted in use and, accordingly, is included as a component of  Cash and cash equivalents  on
the consolidated balance sheet. Any cash held by the Company as collateral is included in the  Due to broker  line
item on the consolidated balance sheet and in cash flows from financing activities on the consolidated statement of cash flows.
Any cash due to the Company in the form of principal payments is included in the  Due from broker  line item on the
consolidated balance sheet and in cash flows from operating activities on the consolidated statement of cash flows. 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    September 30, 2016  

Restricted cash  

Restricted cash includes cash pledged as
collateral for clearing and executing trades, derivatives and repurchase agreements and is not available to the Company for general
corporate purposes. Restricted cash may be returned to the Company when the related collateral requirements are exceeded or at
the maturity of the derivative or repurchase agreement. Restricted cash is carried at cost, which approximates fair value. 

Offering costs   

The Company incurred offering costs in
May 2015 in connection with the filing of its Registration Statement on Form S-3. The offering costs have been accounted for as
a reduction of additional paid-in capital. 

Use of estimates  

The preparation of consolidated financial
statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the
consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results may differ from those estimates. 

Earnings/(Loss) per share  

In accordance with the provisions of Accounting
Standards Codification ( ASC ) 260,  Earnings per Share,  the Company calculates basic income/(loss) per
share by dividing net income/(loss) available to common stockholders for the period by weighted-average shares of the Company s
common stock outstanding for that period. Diluted income per share takes into account the effect of dilutive instruments, such
as stock options, warrants, unvested restricted stock and unvested restricted stock units but uses the average share price for
the period in determining the number of incremental shares that are to be added to the weighted-average number of shares outstanding.
In periods in which the Company records a loss, potentially dilutive securities are excluded from the diluted loss per share calculation,
as their effect on loss per share is anti-dilutive. 

Valuation of financial instruments  

The fair value of the financial instruments
that the Company records at fair value will be determined by the Manager, subject to oversight of the Company s board of
directors, and in accordance with ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures.  When possible, the Company determines
fair value using independent data sources. ASC 820 establishes a hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques
giving the highest priority to readily available unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1 measurements)
and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements) when market prices are not readily available or reliable.
The three levels of the hierarchy under ASC 820 are described below: 

Level 1   Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.   

Level 2   Prices determined using other significant observable inputs. These may include quoted prices for similar securities, interest rates, prepayment speeds, credit risk and others.   

Level 3   Prices determined using significant unobservable inputs. In situations where quoted prices or observable inputs are unavailable (for example, when there is little or no market activity for an investment at the end of the period), unobservable inputs may be used. Unobservable inputs reflect the Company s assumptions about the factors that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability, and would be based on the best information available.   

Transfers between levels are assumed to
occur at the beginning of the reporting period. 

Accounting for real estate securities  

Investments in real estate securities are
recorded in accordance with ASC 320-10,  Investments   Debt and Equity Securities , ASC 325-40,  Beneficial
Interests in Securitized Financial Assets , or ASC 310-30,  Loans and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit
Quality . The Company has chosen to make a fair value election pursuant to ASC 825,  Financial Instruments  for
its real estate securities portfolio. Real estate securities are recorded at fair market value on the consolidated balance sheet
and the periodic change in fair market value is recorded in current period earnings on the consolidated statement of operations
as a component of  Unrealized gain/(loss) on real estate securities and loans, net.  Real estate securities acquired
through securitizations are shown in the line item  Purchase of real estate securities  on the consolidated statement
of cash flows. 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    September 30, 2016  

These investments meet the requirements
to be classified as available for sale under ASC 320-10-25 which requires the securities to be carried at fair value on the consolidated
balance sheet with changes in fair value recorded to other comprehensive income, a component of stockholders  equity. Electing
the fair value option allows the Company to record changes in fair value in the consolidated statement of operations, which, in
management s view, more appropriately reflects the results of operations for a particular reporting period as all securities
activities will be recorded in a similar manner. 

When the Company purchases securities with
evidence of credit deterioration since origination, it will analyze to determine if the guidance found in ASC 310-30 is applicable. 

The Company accounts for
its securities under ASC 310 and ASC 325 and evaluates securities for other-than-temporary impairment ( OTTI ) on at
least a quarterly basis. The determination of whether a security is other-than-temporarily impaired involves judgments and assumptions
based on subjective and objective factors. When the fair value of a real estate security is less than its amortized cost at the
balance sheet date, the security is considered impaired, and the impairment is designated as either  temporary  or
 other-than-temporary.  

When a real estate security
is impaired, an OTTI is considered to have occurred if (i) the Company intends to sell the security (i.e., a decision has
been made as of the reporting date) or (ii) it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the security
before recovery of its amortized cost basis. If the Company intends to sell the security or if it is more likely than not that
the Company will be required to sell the real estate security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, the entire amount of
the impairment loss, if any, is recognized in earnings as a realized loss and the cost basis of the security is adjusted to its
fair value. Additionally for securities accounted for under ASC 325-40, an OTTI is deemed to have occurred when there is an adverse
change in the expected cash flows to be received and the fair value of the security is less than its carrying amount. In determining
whether an adverse change in cash flows occurred, the present value of the remaining cash flows, as estimated at the initial transaction
date (or the last date previously revised), is compared to the present value of the expected cash flows at the current reporting
date. The estimated cash flows reflect those a  market participant  would use and include observations of current information
and events, and assumptions related to fluctuations in interest rates, prepayment speeds and the timing and amount of potential
credit losses. Cash flows are discounted at a rate equal to the current yield used to accrete interest income. Any resulting OTTI
adjustments are reflected in the  Net realized gain/(loss)  line item on the consolidated statement of operations. 

The determination as to
whether an OTTI exists is subjective, given that such determination is based on information available at the time of assessment
as well as the Company s estimate of the future performance and cash flow projections for the individual security. As a result,
the timing and amount of an OTTI constitutes an accounting estimate that may change materially over time. 

Increases in interest income
may be recognized on a security on which the Company previously recorded an OTTI charge if the performance of such security subsequently
improves. 

Any unrealized losses on securities at
September 30, 2016 do not represent other than temporary impairment as the Company has the ability and intent to hold the securities
to maturity or for a period of time sufficient for a forecasted market price recovery up to or above the amortized cost of the
investment, and the Company is not required to sell the security for regulatory or other reasons. In addition, any unrealized losses
on the Company s Agency RMBS accounted for under ASC 320 are not due to credit losses given their explicit guarantee of principal
and interest by the GSEs, but rather are due to changes in interest rates and prepayment expectations. See Note 3 for a summary
of OTTI charges recorded. 

Sales of securities  

Sales of securities are driven by the Manager s
portfolio management process. The Manager seeks to mitigate risks including those associated with prepayments, defaults, severities,
amongst others and will opportunistically rotate the portfolio into securities with more favorable attributes. Strategies may also
be employed to manage net capital gains, which need to be distributed for tax purposes. 

Realized gains or losses on sales of securities,
loans and derivatives are included in the  Net realized gain/(loss)  line item on the consolidated statement of operations.
The cost of positions sold is calculated using a first in, first out, or FIFO, basis. Realized gains and losses are recorded in
earnings at the time of disposition. 

Accounting for mortgage loans  

Investments in mortgage loans are recorded
in accordance with ASC 310-10. The Company has chosen to make a fair value election pursuant to ASC 825 for its mortgage loan portfolio.
Loans are recorded at fair market value on the consolidated balance sheet and any periodic change in fair market value will be
recorded in current period earnings on the consolidated statement of operations as a component of  Unrealized gain/(loss)
on real estate securities and loans, net.  

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    September 30, 2016  

The Company amortizes or accretes any premium
or discount over the life of the related loan utilizing the effective interest method. On at least a quarterly basis, the Company
evaluates the collectability of both interest and principal of each loan, if circumstances warrant, to determine whether they are
impaired. A loan is impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect
all amounts due according to the existing contractual terms. When a loan is impaired, the amount of the loss accrual is calculated
and recorded accordingly. Income recognition is suspended for loans at the earlier of the date at which payments become 90-days
past due or when, in the opinion of management, a full recovery of income and principal becomes doubtful. When the ultimate collectability
of the principal of an impaired loan is in doubt, all payments are applied to principal under the cost recovery method. When the
ultimate collectability of the principal of an impaired loan is not in doubt, contractual interest is recorded as interest income
when received, under the cash basis method until an accrual is resumed when the loan becomes contractually current and performance
is demonstrated to be resumed. A loan is written off when it is no longer realizable and/or legally discharged. 

When the Company purchases mortgage loans
with evidence of credit deterioration since origination and it determines that it is probable it will not collect all contractual
cash flows on those loans, it will apply the guidance found in ASC 310-30. Mortgage loans that are delinquent 60 or more days are
considered non-performing. 

The Company updates its estimate of the
cash flows expected to be collected on at least a quarterly basis for loans accounted for under ASC 310-30. In estimating these
cash flows, there are a number of assumptions that will be subject to uncertainties and contingencies including both the rate and
timing of principal and interest receipts, and assumptions of prepayments, repurchases, defaults and liquidations. If based on
the most current information and events it is probable that there is a significant increase in cash flows previously expected to
be collected or if actual cash flows are significantly greater than cash flows previously expected, the Company will recognize
these changes prospectively through an adjustment of the loan s yield over its remaining life. The Company will adjust the
amount of accretable yield by reclassification from the nonaccretable difference. The adjustment is accounted for as a change in
estimate in conformity with ASC 250,  Accounting Changes and Error Corrections  with the amount of periodic accretion
adjusted over the remaining life of the loan. Decreases in cash flows expected to be collected from previously projected cash flows,
which includes all cash flows originally expected to be collected by the investor plus any additional cash flows expected to be
collected arising from changes in estimate after acquisition, are recognized as impairment. Increases in interest income may be
recognized on a loan on which the Company previously recorded an OTTI charge if the performance of such loan subsequently improves. 

Investments in debt and equity of affiliates  

The Company s unconsolidated ownership
interests in affiliates are accounted for using the equity method. A majority of the Company s investments held through affiliated
entities are comprised of real estate securities and loans. These underlying entities have chosen to make a fair value election
on their financial instruments pursuant to ASC 825; as such, the Company will treat these investments consistently with this election.
As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, these investments had a fair market value of $58.9 million and $62.2 million, respectively. 

In December 2015, the Company, alongside
private funds under the management of Angelo, Gordon, through AG Arc LLC, one of the Company s indirect subsidiaries ( AG
Arc ), formed Arc Home LLC ( Arc Home ). The Company invests in Arc Home through AG Arc, and has chosen to make
a fair value election on AG Arc pursuant to ASC 825. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company s interest
in AG Arc had a fair market value of $12.9 and $(0.3) million, respectively. 

In June 2016, Arc Home closed on the acquisition
of a Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, Federal Housing Administration ( FHA ), Veteran s Administration ( VA )
and Ginnie Mae seller/servicer of mortgages with licenses to conduct business in 44 states, including Washington D.C. Through this
subsidiary, Arc Home is currently originating conforming, FHA and Jumbo loans, and retaining the associated mortgage servicing
rights, as well as purchasing additional mortgage servicing rights from third-party sellers. 

The Company s investments in debt
and equity of affiliates are recorded at fair market value on the consolidated balance sheet in the  Investments in debt
and equity of affiliates  line item and periodic changes in fair market value are recorded in current period earnings on
the consolidated statement of operations as a component of  Equity in earnings/(loss) from affiliates.  Capital contributions,
distributions and profits and losses of such entities are allocated in accordance with the terms of the applicable agreements. 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    September 30, 2016  

Excess mortgage servicing rights   

The Company has acquired the right to receive
the excess servicing spread related to excess mortgage servicing rights ( MSRs ). The Company has chosen to make a
fair value election pursuant to ASC 825 for MSRs. MSRs are recorded at fair market value on the consolidated balance sheet and
any periodic change in fair market value is recorded in current period earnings on the consolidated statement of operations as
a component of  Unrealized gain/(loss) on derivative and other instruments, net.  

Investment consolidation and transfers
of financial assets  

For each investment made, the Company evaluates
the underlying entity that issued the securities acquired or to which the Company makes a loan to determine the appropriate accounting.
A similar analysis will be performed for each entity with which the Company enters into an agreement for management, servicing
or related services. In performing the analysis, the Company refers to guidance in ASC 810-10,  Consolidation.  In
situations where the Company is the transferor of financial assets, the Company refers to the guidance in ASC 860-10,  Transfers
and Servicing.  

In variable interest entities ( VIEs ),
an entity is subject to consolidation under ASC 810-10 if the equity investors either do not have sufficient equity at risk for
the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support, are unable to direct the entity s
activities or are not exposed to the entity s losses or entitled to its residual returns. VIEs within the scope of ASC 810-10
are required to be consolidated by their primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiary of a VIE is determined to be the party that
has both the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance and the
obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the
VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. This determination can sometimes involve complex and subjective analyses.
Further, ASC 810-10 also requires ongoing assessments of whether an enterprise is the primary beneficiary of a VIE. In accordance
with ASC 810-10, all transferees, including variable interest entities, must be evaluated for consolidation. See Note 3 for more
detail. 

In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02,
 Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis.  This standard modifies existing consolidation
guidance for reporting organizations that are required to evaluate whether they should consolidate certain legal entities. The
company adopted ASU 2015-02 on January 1, 2016 using the modified retrospective approach, which did not require the restatement
of prior periods to conform to the post-adoption presentation. The Company concluded the adoption of this guidance did not have
a material impact on its financial statements. 

The Company has entered into resecuritization
transactions which result in the Company consolidating the VIEs that were created to facilitate the transactions and to which the
underlying assets in connection with the resecuritization were transferred. In determining the accounting treatment to be applied
to these resecuritization transactions, the Company evaluated whether the entities used to facilitate these transactions were VIEs
and, if so, whether they should be consolidated. Based on its evaluation, the Company concluded that the VIEs should be consolidated.
If the Company had determined that consolidation was not required, it would have then assessed whether the transfer of the underlying
assets would qualify as a sale or should be accounted for as secured financings under GAAP. 

The Company may periodically enter into
transactions in which it transfers assets to a third party. Upon a transfer of financial assets, the Company will sometimes retain
or acquire senior or subordinated interests in the related assets. Pursuant to ASC 860-10, a determination must be made as to whether
a transferor has surrendered control over transferred financial assets. That determination must consider the transferor s
continuing involvement in the transferred financial asset, including all arrangements or agreements made contemporaneously with,
or in contemplation of, the transfer, even if they were not entered into at the time of the transfer. The financial components
approach under ASC 860-10 limits the circumstances in which a financial asset, or portion of a financial asset, should be derecognized
when the transferor has not transferred the entire original financial asset to an entity that is not consolidated with the transferor
in the financial statements being presented and/or when the transferor has continuing involvement with the transferred financial
asset. It defines the term  participating interest  to establish specific conditions for reporting a transfer of a
portion of a financial asset as a sale. 

Under ASC 860-10, after a transfer of financial
assets that meets the criteria for treatment as a sale legal isolation, ability of transferee to pledge or exchange the transferred
assets without constraint and transferred control an entity recognizes the financial and servicing assets it acquired or
retained and the liabilities it has incurred, derecognizes financial assets it has sold and derecognizes liabilities when extinguished.
The transferor would then determine the gain or loss on sale of financial assets by allocating the carrying value of the underlying
mortgage between securities or loans sold and the interests retained based on their fair values. The gain or loss on sale is the
difference between the cash proceeds from the sale and the amount allocated to the securities or loans sold. When a transfer of
financial assets does not qualify for sale accounting, ASC 860-10 requires the transfer to be accounted for as a secured borrowing
with a pledge of collateral. 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    September 30, 2016  

On February 12, 2016, the Company originated
a $12.0 million commercial loan and at closing, transferred a 15% or $1.8 million interest in the loan to an unaffiliated third
party. The Company, as transferor, evaluated the transfer under ASC 860-10, and concluded the transferred participation interest
should be accounted for as a secured borrowing. The Company has recorded the $12.0 million commercial loan on its consolidated
balance sheet as an asset in the  Commercial loans, at fair value  line item. The Company has recorded a $1.8 million
liability in the  Loan participation payable, at fair value  line item representing the transfer of the participation
interest. The Company has chosen to make a fair value election on the consolidated interest pursuant to ASC 825. The holder of
the participation interest has no recourse to the general credit of the Company. See Note 4 for more detail. 

From time to time, the Company may securitize
mortgage loans it holds if such financing is available. These transactions will be recorded in accordance with ASC 860-10 and will
be accounted for as either a  sale  and the loans will be removed from the consolidated balance sheet or as a  financing 
and will be classified as  real estate securities  on the consolidated balance sheet, depending upon the structure
of the securitization transaction. ASC 860-10 is a standard that may require the Company to exercise significant judgment in determining
whether a transaction should be recorded as a  sale  or a  financing.  

Interest income recognition  

Interest income on the Company s
real estate securities portfolio is accrued based on the actual coupon rate and the outstanding principal balance of such securities.
The Company has elected to record interest in accordance with ASC 835-30-35-2 using the effective interest method for all securities
accounted for under the fair value option (ASC 825). As such, premiums and discounts are amortized or accreted into interest income
over the lives of the securities in accordance with ASC 310-20,  Nonrefundable Fees and Other Costs,  ASC 320-10 or
ASC 325-40 as applicable. Total interest income is recorded in the  Interest income  line item on the consolidated
statement of operations. 

On at least a quarterly basis for securities
accounted for under ASC 320-10 and ASC 310-20 (generally Agency RMBS), prepayments of the underlying collateral must be estimated,
which directly affect the speed at which the Company amortizes premiums on its securities. If actual and anticipated cash flows
differ from previous estimates, the Company recognizes a  catch-up  adjustment in the current period to the amortization
of premiums for the impact of the cumulative change in the effective yield through the reporting date. 

Similarly, the Company also reassesses
the cash flows on at least a quarterly basis for securities accounted for under ASC 325-40 (generally Non-Agency RMBS, ABS, CMBS
and interest-only securities). In estimating these cash flows, there are a number of assumptions that will be subject to uncertainties
and contingencies. These include the rate and timing of principal and interest receipts (including assumptions of prepayments,
repurchases, defaults and liquidations), the pass-through or coupon rate and interest rate fluctuations. In addition, interest
payment shortfalls due to delinquencies on the underlying mortgage loans have to be estimated. Differences between previously estimated
cash flows and current actual and anticipated cash flows are recognized prospectively through an adjustment of the yield over the
remaining life of the security based on the current amortized cost of the investment as adjusted for credit impairment, if any. 

Interest income on the Company s loan portfolio is accrued
based on the actual coupon rate and the outstanding principal balance of such loans. The Company has elected to record interest
in accordance with ASC 835-30-35-2 using the effective interest method for all loans accounted for under the fair value option
(ASC 825). Any amortization will be reflected as an adjustment to interest income in the consolidated statement of operations. 

For security and loan investments purchased
with evidence of deterioration of credit quality for which it is probable, at acquisition, that the Company will be unable to collect
all contractually required payments receivable, the Company will apply the provisions of ASC 310-30. For purposes of income recognition,
the Company aggregates loans that have common risk characteristics into pools and uses a composite interest rate and expectation
of cash flows expected to be collected for the pool. ASC 310-30 addresses accounting for differences between contractual cash flows
and cash flows expected to be collected from an investor s initial investment in loans or debt securities (loans) acquired
in a transfer if those differences are attributable, at least in part, to credit quality. ASC 310-30 limits the yield that may
be accreted (accretable yield) to the excess of the investor s estimate of undiscounted expected principal, interest and
other cash flows (cash flows expected at acquisition to be collected) over the investor s initial investment in the loan.
ASC 310-30 requires that the excess of contractual cash flows over cash flows expected to be collected (nonaccretable difference)
not be recognized as an adjustment of yield, loss accrual or valuation allowance. Subsequent increases in cash flows expected to
be collected generally should be recognized prospectively through an adjustment of the loan s yield over its remaining life.
Decreases in cash flows expected to be collected should be recognized as impairment. 

The Company s accrual of interest,
discount accretion and premium amortization for U.S. federal and other tax purposes differs from the financial accounting treatment
of these items as described above. 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    September 30, 2016  

Repurchase agreements and FHLBC Advances  

The Company finances the acquisition of
certain assets within its portfolio through the use of repurchase agreements. Prior to March 31, 2016, the Company also financed
its Agency RMBS portfolio with advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati ( FHLBC Advances ) (see the following
paragraph regarding the current status of the FHLBC Advances). Repurchase agreements are, and while the Company had them, FHLBC
Advances were treated as collateralized financing transactions and carried at primarily their contractual amounts, including accrued
interest, as specified in the respective agreements. The carrying amount of the Company s repurchase agreements and FHLBC
Advances approximates fair value. 

In July 2015, the Company s wholly-owned
captive insurance subsidiary, MITT Insurance Company LLC ( MITT Insurance ), was granted membership in the Federal
Home Loan Bank ( FHLB ) system, specifically in the FHLB of Cincinnati ( FHLBC ). However, in January 2016,
the Federal Housing Finance Agency, the FHFA, issued RIN 2590-AA39, Members of Federal Home Loan Banks ( the Final Rule ),
which expressly excludes captive insurance companies, such as MITT Insurance ( Excluded Captives ), from being eligible
for membership in the FHLBC. The Final Rule prevents the FHLBC from making any new advances or extending any existing advances
to Excluded Captives, subject to a defined grace period. In addition, upon the termination of membership, the FHLB must liquidate
all outstanding advances to Excluded Captives, settle all other business transactions, and repurchase or redeem all FHLB stock
held by the terminated Excluded Captive in accordance with the Final Rule. Therefore, MITT Insurance must completely wind down
all business relationships with the FHLBC, including the repayment of all outstanding advances, prior to or simultaneously with
the termination of MITT Insurance s membership with the FHLBC. As a result of the Final Rule, MITT Insurance exited all FHLBC
Advances and as of September 30, 2016, the Company had no outstanding advances with the FHLBC. 

The Company pledges certain securities
or loans as collateral under repurchase agreements with financial institutions, the terms and conditions of which are negotiated
on a transaction-by-transaction basis. The amounts available to be borrowed are dependent upon the fair value of the securities
or loans pledged as collateral, which fluctuates with changes in interest rates, type of security and liquidity conditions within
the banking, mortgage finance and real estate industries. In response to declines in fair value of pledged assets, lenders may
require the Company to post additional collateral or pay down borrowings to re-establish agreed upon collateral requirements, referred
to as margin calls. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company has met all margin call requirements.  

Other investments  

The Company's subsidiary, MITT Insurance,
is a member of, and owns capital stock in the FHLBC. The FHLBC previously provided MITT Insurance with financing for the Company s
Agency RMBS portfolio, but due to the Final Rule, as of September 30, 2016, the Company has no outstanding advances with the FHLBC.
The amount of FHLBC Advances is included in the  FHLBC advances  line item on the Company's consolidated balance sheets.
Although the FHLBC no longer provides MITT Insurance with financing, MITT Insurance remains a member of the FHLBC. The Company
is required to maintain a stock investment both for membership and for the level of advances from the FHLBC to the Company. Since
the Company currently has no outstanding advances, approximately $8.0 million of its FHLBC activity based stock was redeemed as
of September 30, 2016, and the Company retained only its membership based stock. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 the
Company owned FHLBC stock totaling $2,000 and $8.0 million, respectively. The Company has chosen to make a fair value election
pursuant to ASC 825 for its stock investment in FHLBC which is recorded in the  Other assets  line item on the Company s
consolidated balance sheet. When evaluating FHLBC stock for impairment, the Company considers the ultimate recoverability of the
par value rather than recognizing temporary declines in value. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had not recognized an impairment
charge related to its FHLBC stock. The Company is entitled to a quarterly dividend on the weighted average shares of stock it holds
during the period and records the dividend in  Interest income  on its consolidated statement of operations. For the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 the Company recorded dividend income on its FHLBC stock of approximately $0.0 million
and $0.1 million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company recorded dividend income on
its FHLBC stock of approximately $0.0 million. 

Accounting for derivative financial
instruments  

The Company enters into derivative contracts
as a means of mitigating interest rate risk rather than to enhance returns. The Company accounts for derivative financial instruments
in accordance with ASC 815-10,  Derivatives and Hedging.  ASC 815-10 requires an entity to recognize all derivatives
as either assets or liabilities on the balance sheet and to measure those instruments at fair value. Additionally, if or when hedge
accounting is elected, the fair value adjustments will affect either other comprehensive income in stockholders  equity until
the hedged item is recognized in earnings or net income depending on whether the derivative instrument is designated and qualifies
as a hedge for accounting purposes and, if so, the nature of the hedging activity. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
the Company did not have any interest rate derivatives designated as hedges. All derivatives have been recorded at fair value in
accordance with ASC 820-10, with corresponding changes in value recognized in the consolidated statement of operations. The Company
records derivative asset and liability positions on a gross basis. When the Company unwinds a derivative, it records a realized
gain/(loss) in the period in which it was generated in the  Net realized gain/(loss)  line item in the consolidated
statement of operations. 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    September 30, 2016  

To-be-announced securities  

A to-be-announced security ( TBA )
is a forward contract for the purchase or sale of Agency RMBS at a predetermined price, face amount, issuer, coupon and stated
maturity on an agreed-upon future date. The specific Agency RMBS delivered into or received from the contract upon the settlement
date, published each month by the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, are not known at the time of the transaction.
The Company may also choose, prior to settlement, to move the settlement of these securities out to a later date by entering into
an offsetting short or long position (referred to as a pair off), net settling the paired off positions for cash, simultaneously
purchasing or selling a similar TBA contract for a later settlement date. This transaction is commonly referred to as a dollar
roll. The Agency RMBS purchased or sold for a forward settlement date are typically priced at a discount to Agency RMBS for settlement
in the current month. This difference, or discount, is referred to as the price drop. The price drop is the economic equivalent
of net interest carry income on the underlying Agency RMBS over the roll period (interest income less implied financing cost) and
is commonly referred to as dollar roll income/(loss). Consequently, forward purchases of Agency RMBS and dollar roll transactions
represent a form of off-balance sheet financing. Dollar roll income is recognized in the consolidated statement of operations in
the line item  Unrealized gain/(loss) on derivative and other instruments, net.  

The Company presents the purchase or sale
of TBAs net of the corresponding payable or receivable, respectively, until the settlement date of the transaction. Contracts for
the purchase or sale of Agency RMBS are accounted for as derivatives if they do not qualify for the  regular way  security
trade scope exception found in ASC 815-10. To be eligible for this scope exception, the contract must meet the following conditions:
(1) there is no other way to purchase or sell that security, (2) delivery of that security and settlement will occur within the
shortest period possible for that type of security, and (3) it is probable at inception and throughout the term of the individual
contract that the contract will not settle net and will result in physical delivery of a security when it is issued. Unrealized
gains and losses associated with TBA contracts not meeting the regular-way exception and not designated as hedging instruments
are recognized in the consolidated statement of operations in the line item  Unrealized gain/(loss) on derivative and other
instruments, net.  

U.S. Treasury securities   

The Company may purchase long or sell short
U.S. Treasury securities to help mitigate the potential impact of changes in interest rates. The Company may finance its purchase
of U.S. Treasury securities with overnight repurchase agreements. The Company may borrow securities to cover short sales of U.S.
Treasury securities through overnight reverse repurchase agreements, which are accounted for as borrowing transactions, and the
Company recognizes an obligation to return the borrowed securities at fair value on its consolidated balance sheet based on the
value of the underlying borrowed securities as of the reporting date. Interest income and expense associated with purchases and
short sales of U.S. Treasury securities are recognized in  Interest income  and  Interest expense , respectively,
on the consolidated statement of operations. Realized and unrealized gains and losses associated with purchases and short sales
of U.S. Treasury securities are recognized in  Net realized gain/(loss)  and  Unrealized gain/(loss) on derivative
and other instruments, net,  respectively, on the consolidated statement of operations. 

Manager compensation  

The management agreement provides for payment
to the Manager of a management fee. The management fee is accrued and expensed during the period for which it is calculated and
earned. For a more detailed discussion on the fees payable under the management agreement, see Note 10. 

Income taxes  

The Company conducts its operations to
qualify and be taxed as a REIT. Accordingly, the Company will generally not be subject to federal or state corporate income tax
to the extent that the Company makes qualifying distributions to its stockholders, and provided that it satisfies on a continuing
basis, through actual investment and operating results, the REIT requirements including certain asset, income, distribution and
stock ownership tests. If the Company fails to qualify as a REIT, and does not qualify for certain statutory relief provisions,
it will be subject to U.S. federal, state and local income taxes and may be precluded from qualifying as a REIT for the four taxable
years following the year in which the Company fails to qualify as a REIT. 

The dividends paid deduction of a REIT
for qualifying dividends to its stockholders is computed using the Company s taxable income/(loss) as opposed to net income/(loss)
reported on the Company s GAAP financial statements. Taxable income/(loss), generally, will differ from net income/(loss)
reported on the financial statements because the determination of taxable income/(loss) is based on tax principles and not financial
accounting principles. 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    September 30, 2016  

The Company has elected to treat
certain domestic subsidiaries as taxable REIT subsidiaries ( TRSs ) and may elect to treat other subsidiaries as TRSs.
In general, a TRS may hold assets and engage in activities that the Company cannot hold or engage in directly and generally may
engage in any real estate or non-real estate-related business. 

A domestic TRS may declare dividends to
the Company which will be included in the Company s taxable income/(loss) and necessitate a distribution to stockholders.
Conversely, if the Company retains earnings at the domestic TRS level, no distribution is required and the Company can increase
book equity of the consolidated entity. A domestic TRS is subject to U.S. federal, state and local corporate income taxes. 

The Company elected to treat one of its
foreign subsidiaries as a TRS and, accordingly, taxable income generated by this foreign TRS may not be subject to local income
taxation, but generally will be included in the Company s income on a current basis as Subpart F income, whether or not distributed. 

The Company s financial results are
generally not expected to reflect provisions for current or deferred income taxes, except for any activities conducted through
one or more TRSs that are subject to corporate income taxation. The Company believes that it will operate in a manner that will
allow it to qualify for taxation as a REIT. As a result of the Company s expected REIT qualification, it does not generally
expect to pay federal or state corporate income tax. Many of the REIT requirements, however, are highly technical and complex.
If the Company were to fail to meet the REIT requirements, it would be subject to federal income taxes and applicable state and
local taxes. 

As a REIT, if the Company fails to distribute
in any calendar year (subject to specific timing rules for certain dividends paid in January) at least the sum of (i) 85% of its
ordinary income for such year, (ii) 95% of its capital gain net income for such year, and (iii) any undistributed taxable income
from the prior year, the Company would be subject to a non-deductible 4% excise tax on the excess of such required distribution
over the sum of (i) the amounts actually distributed and (ii) the amounts of income retained and on which the Company has paid
corporate income tax. 

The Company evaluates uncertain income tax positions, if any,
in accordance with ASC 740,  Income Taxes.  The Company classifies interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized
tax benefits as a component of provision for income taxes. See Note 9 for further details. 

Stock-based compensation  

The Company applies the provisions of ASC
718,  Compensation Stock Compensation  with regard to its equity incentive plans. ASC 718 covers a wide range
of share-based compensation arrangements including stock options, restricted stock plans, performance-based awards, stock appreciation
rights and employee stock purchase plans. ASC 718 requires that compensation cost relating to stock-based payment transactions
be recognized in financial statements. Compensation cost is measured based on the fair value of the equity or liability instruments
issued. 

Compensation cost related to restricted
common shares issued to the Company s directors is measured at its estimated fair value at the grant date, and is amortized
and expensed over the vesting period on a straight-line basis. Compensation cost related to restricted common shares and restricted
stock units issued to the Manager is initially measured at estimated fair value at the grant date, and is remeasured on subsequent
dates to the extent the awards are unvested. Shares of restricted common stock held by the Manager and independent directors accrue
dividends, but these dividends are not paid until vested and therefore the shares are not considered to be participating shares.
Restricted stock units granted to the Manager do not entitle the participant the rights of a shareholder of the Company s
common stock, such as dividend and voting rights, until shares are issued in settlement of the vested units. The restricted stock
units are not considered to be participating shares. Restricted stock units are measured at fair value reduced by the present value
of the dividends expected to be paid on the underlying shares during the requisite service period, discounted at an assumed risk
free rate. The Company has elected to use the straight-line method to amortize compensation expense for restricted common shares
and restricted stock units.  

Recent accounting pronouncements  

In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Updates ( ASU ) 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (Topic 606) ( ASU 2014-09 ).
ASU 2014-09 is a comprehensive new revenue recognition model requiring a company to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of
goods or services to a customer at an amount reflecting the consideration it expects to receive in exchange for those goods or
services. In adopting ASU 2014-09, companies may use either a full retrospective or a modified retrospective approach. Additionally,
this guidance requires improved disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising
from contracts with customers. In August 2015, the FASB deferred the effective date of the new revenue recognition standard by
one year. The new standard is effective for the first interim period within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2017 and early adoption is permitted. The Company has concluded the guidance does not have a material impact on its consolidated
financial statements.  

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    September 30, 2016  

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,
 Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern,  ( ASU 2014-15 ). ASU 2014-15 introduces an explicit requirement for
management to assess and provide certain disclosures if there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue
as a going concern. ASU 2014-15 is effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016. The Company does not anticipate
that the adoption of ASU 2014-15 will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,
 Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  ( ASU 2016-01 ). The amendments
in this ASU affect all entities that hold financial assets or owe financial liabilities, and address certain aspects of recognition,
measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments. The classification and measurement guidance of investments
in debt securities and loans are not affected by the amendments in this ASU. ASU 2016-01 is effective for public business entities
for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is not permitted
for public business entities, except for a provision related to financial statements of fiscal years or interim periods that have
not yet been issued, to recognize in other comprehensive income, the change in fair value of a liability resulting from a change
in the instrument-specific credit risk measured using the fair value option. Entities should apply the amendments in this ASU by
recording a cumulative-effect adjustment to equity as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The Company is currently
evaluating its method of adoption and the impact this ASU will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,
 Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting (Topic 718),  ( ASU 2016-09 ). ASU 2016-09 requires
all income tax effects of share-based payment awards to be recognized in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled.
ASU 2016-09 also allows an employer to repurchase more of an employee s shares for tax withholding purposes than is permitted
under current guidance without triggering liability accounting. Finally, ASU 2016-09 allows a policy election to account for forfeitures
as they occur. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal
years. The Company has concluded the guidance does not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.  

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,
 Financial Instruments   Credit Losses,  ( ASU 2016-13 ). ASU 2016-13 introduces a new model related
to the accounting for credit losses on instruments, specifically, financial assets subject to credit losses and measured at amortized
cost, and certain off-balance sheet credit exposures. ASU 2016-13 amends the current guidance, requiring an OTTI charge only when
fair value is below the amortized cost of an asset. The length of time the fair value of an available-for-sale debt security has
been below the amortized cost will no longer impact the determination of whether a credit loss exists. As such, it is no longer
an other-than-temporary model. In addition, credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities will now be limited to the difference
between the security s amortized cost basis and its fair value. The new debt security model will also require the use of
an allowance to record estimated credit losses. The new guidance also expands the disclosure requirements regarding an entity s
assumptions, and models. In addition, public entities will need to disclose the amortized cost balance for each class of financial
asset by credit quality indicator, disaggregated by the year of origination (i.e., by vintage year). ASU 2016-13 is effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating
its method of adoption and the impact this ASU will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,
 Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments , ( ASU 2016-15 ). ASU 2016-15 addresses eight
specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing existing diversity of how certain cash receipts and cash payments are
presented. These specific issues include debt prepayment and debt extinguishment costs, settlement of zero-coupon debt, proceeds
from the settlement of insurance claims, and beneficial interests in securitization transactions, among others. ASU 2016-15 is
effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently
assessing the impact this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

3. Real Estate Securities  

The following tables detail the Company s
real estate securities portfolio as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The Company s Agency RMBS are mortgage pass-through
certificates or collateralized mortgage obligations ( CMOs ) representing interests in or obligations backed by pools
of residential mortgage loans issued or guaranteed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae. The Company s Non-Agency RMBS,
ABS and CMBS portfolios are primarily not issued or guaranteed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or any agency of the U.S. Government
and are therefore subject to credit risk. The principal and interest payments on Agency RMBS securities have an explicit guarantee
by either an agency of the U.S. government or a U.S government-sponsored entity. 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    September 30, 2016  

The following table details the Company s real estate
securities portfolio as of September 30, 2016: 

(1) The Company has chosen to make a fair value election pursuant to ASC 825 for its real estate securities portfolio.  Unrealized gains and losses are recognized in current period earnings in the unrealized gain/(loss) on real estate securities and loans, net line item.  The gross unrealized columns above represent inception to date unrealized gains/(losses). 

(2) Equity residual
investments and principal only securities with a zero coupon rate are excluded from this calculation. 

The following table details the Company s real estate
securities portfolio as of December 31, 2015: 

(1) The Company has chosen to make a fair value election pursuant to ASC 825 for its real estate securities portfolio.  Unrealized gains and losses are recognized in current period earnings in the unrealized gain/(loss) on real estate securities and loans, net line item.  The gross unrealized columns above represent inception to date unrealized gains/(losses). 

(2) Equity residual
investments and principal only securities with a zero coupon rate are excluded from this calculation. 

The following table presents the gross
unrealized losses and fair value of the Company s real estate securities by length of time that such securities have been
in a continuous unrealized loss position on September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

As described in Note 2,
the Company evaluates securities for OTTI on at least a quarterly basis. The determination of whether a security is other-than-temporarily
impaired involves judgments and assumptions based on subjective and objective factors. When the fair value of a real estate security
is less than its amortized cost at the balance sheet date, the security is considered impaired, and the impairment is designated
as either  temporary  or  other-than-temporary.  

For the three months ended September 30,
2016 the Company recognized OTTI charges of $1.0 million on its securities, which is included in the  Net realized gain/(loss) 
line item on the consolidated statement of operations. The Company recorded $1.0 million of OTTI due to an adverse change in cash
flows on certain securities where the fair values of the securities were less than their carrying amounts. Of the $1.0 million
of OTTI recorded, $0.4 million related to securities where OTTI was not previously recognized. For the nine months ended September
30, 2016 the Company recognized OTTI charges of $13.4 million on its securities, which is included in the  Net realized gain/(loss) 
line item on the consolidated statement of operations. The Company recorded $13.4 million of OTTI due to an adverse change in cash
flows on certain securities where the fair values of the securities were less than their carrying amounts. Of the $13.4 million
of OTTI recorded, $8.1 million related to securities where OTTI was not previously recognized. 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    September 30, 2016  

For the three months ended September 30,
2015 the Company recognized $3.2 million of OTTI on certain securities, which is included in the  Net realized gain/(loss) 
line item on the consolidated statement of operations. The Company recorded the $3.2 million of OTTI due to an adverse change in
cash flows where the fair values of the securities were less than their carrying amounts. Of the $3.2 million of OTTI recorded,
$0.4 million related to securities where OTTI was not previously recognized. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015 the Company
recognized $7.1 million of OTTI on certain securities, which is included in the  Net realized gain/(loss)  line item
on the consolidated statement of operations. The Company recorded the $7.1 million of OTTI due to an adverse change in cash flows
where the fair values of the securities were less than their carrying amounts. Of the $7.1 million of OTTI recorded, $2.9 million
related to securities where OTTI was not previously recognized. 

The decline in value of
the remaining real estate securities is solely due to market conditions and not the quality of the assets. The investments in unrealized
loss positions are not considered other than temporarily impaired because the Company currently has the ability and intent to hold
the investments to maturity or for a period of time sufficient for a forecasted market price recovery up to or beyond the cost
of the investments and the Company is not required to sell the investments for regulatory or other reasons. 

The following table details weighted average life broken out
by Agency RMBS, Agency Interest-Only ( IO ) and Credit Securities as of September 30, 2016: 

(1) For purposes of this table, Agency RMBS represent securities backed by Fixed Rate 30 Year mortgages, ARMs and Fixed Rate CMOs. 

 (2) For purposes of this table, Credit Securities represent Non-Agency RMBS, ABS, CMBS and Interest Only credit securities. 

 (3) Actual maturities of mortgage-backed securities are generally shorter than stated contractual maturities.  Actual maturities are affected by the contractual lives of the underlying mortgages, periodic payments of principal and prepayments of principal. 

 (4) Equity residual investments and principal only securities with a zero coupon rate are excluded from this calculation. 

The following table details weighted
average life broken out by Agency RMBS, Agency IO and Credit Securities as of December 31, 2015: 

(1) For purposes of this table, Agency RMBS represent securities backed by Fixed Rate 30 Year mortgages, ARMs and Fixed Rate CMOs. 

 (2) For purposes of this table, Credit Securities represent Non-Agency RMBS, ABS, CMBS and Interest Only credit securities. 

 (3) Actual maturities of mortgage-backed securities are generally shorter than stated contractual maturities.  Actual maturities are affected by the contractual lives of the underlying mortgages, periodic payments of principal and prepayments of principal. 

 (4) Equity residual investments and principal only securities with a zero coupon rate are excluded from this calculation. 

For the three months ended September 30,
2016, the Company sold 11 securities for total proceeds of $147.1 million, with an additional $0.3 million of proceeds on 1 unsettled
security sale as of quarter end, recording realized gains of $9.8 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company
sold 21 securities for total proceeds of $278.1 million, with an additional $0.3 million of proceeds on 1 unsettled security sale
as of quarter end, recording realized gains of $10.6 million and realized losses of $1.6 million. 

For the three months ended September 30,
2015, the Company sold 3 securities for total proceeds of $30.1 million, with an additional $51.3 million of proceeds on 3 unsettled
security sales as of quarter end, recording realized gains of $1.4 million and realized losses of $0.2 million. For the nine months
ended September 30, 2015, the Company sold 38 securities for total proceeds of $418.0 million, recording realized gains of $9.3
million and realized losses of $2.0 million. 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    September 30, 2016  

See Notes 4 and 7 for amounts realized
on sales of loans and the settlement of certain derivatives, respectively. 

A Special Purpose Entity ( SPE )
is an entity designed to fulfill a specific limited need of the company that organized it. SPEs are often used to facilitate transactions
that involve securitizing financial assets or resecuritizing previously securitized financial assets. The objective of such transactions
may include obtaining non-recourse financing, obtaining liquidity or refinancing the underlying securitized financial assets on
improved terms. Securitization involves transferring assets to a SPE to convert all or a portion of those assets into cash before
they would have been realized in the normal course of business through the SPE s issuance of debt or equity instruments.
Investors in an SPE usually have recourse only to the assets in the SPE and depending on the overall structure of the transaction,
may benefit from various forms of credit enhancement, such as over-collateralization in the form of excess assets in the SPE, priority
with respect to receipt of cash flows relative to holders of other debt or equity instruments issued by the SPE, or a line of credit
or other form of liquidity agreement that is designed with the objective of ensuring that investors receive principal and/or interest
cash flow on the investment in accordance with the terms of their investment agreement. See Note 2 for more detail. 

The Company previously entered into a resecuritization
transaction that resulted in the Company consolidating the VIE created with the SPE which was used to facilitate the transaction.
The Company concluded that the entity created to facilitate this transaction was a VIE. The Company also determined the VIE created
to facilitate the resecuritization transaction should be consolidated by the Company and treated as a secured borrowing, based
on consideration of its involvement in the VIE, including the design and purpose of the SPE, and whether its involvement reflected
a controlling financial interest that resulted in the Company being deemed the primary beneficiary of the VIE. As of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the resecuritized asset had an aggregate principal balance of $32.9 million and $40.0 million,
respectively. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the resecuritized asset had an aggregate fair value of $30.3 million
and $37.1 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the principal balance of the consolidated tranche
was $24.7 million and $30.4 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the fair market value of the
consolidated tranche was $24.4 million and $30.0 million, respectively, which is included in the Company s consolidated balance
sheet as  Non-Agency RMBS.  As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the aggregate security has a weighted average
coupon of 3.21% and 5.32%, respectively, and a weighted average yield of 5.85% and 6.14%, respectively. As of September 30, 2015,
and December 31, 2015, the Company has recorded secured financing of $24.4 million and $30.0 million, respectively, on the consolidated
balance sheet in the  Securitized debt, at fair value  line item. The Company recorded the proceeds from the issuance
of the secured financing in the  Cash Flows from Financing Activities  section of the consolidated statement of cash
flows at the time of securitization. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the consolidated tranche had a weighted average
life of 3.13 years and 4.04 years, respectively, and a weighted average yield of 3.23% and 3.67%, respectively. The holders of
the consolidated tranche have no recourse to the general credit of the Company. The Company has no obligation to provide any other
explicit or implicit support to any VIE. 

4. Loans  

Residential Mortgage Loans  

On February 28, 2014, the Company acquired
a residential mortgage loan portfolio with an aggregate unpaid principal balance and acquisition fair value of $59.0 million and
$34.9 million, respectively. On February 18, 2014, the Company entered into a Master Repurchase Agreement and Securities Contract
( Repurchase facility ) to finance acquisitions of residential mortgage loans. See Note 6 for further detail on the
Company s loan repurchase facility. 

On July 31, 2014, the Company acquired
a residential mortgage loan portfolio with an aggregate unpaid principal balance and acquisition fair value of $13.7 million and
$5.7 million, respectively. 

On September 30, 2014, the Company acquired
a residential mortgage loan portfolio with an aggregate unpaid principal balance and acquisition fair value of $50.5 million and
$44.0 million, respectively. 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    September 30, 2016  

The table below details certain information
regarding the Company s residential mortgage loan portfolio as of September 30, 2016: 

(1) The Company has
chosen to make a fair value election pursuant to ASC 825 for its loan portfolio.  Unrealized gains and losses are recognized
in current period earnings in the unrealized gain/(loss) on real estate securities and loans, net line item.  The gross
unrealized columns above represent inception to date unrealized gains (losses). 

 (2) Actual maturities of residential mortgage loans are generally shorter than stated contractual maturities.  Actual maturities are affected by the lives of the underlying mortgages, periodic payments of principal and prepayments of principal.   

The table below details certain information regarding the Company s
residential mortgage loan portfolio as of December 31, 2015: 

(1) The Company has chosen to make a fair value election pursuant to ASC 825 for its loan portfolio.  Unrealized gains and losses are recognized in current period earnings in the unrealized gain/(loss) on real estate securities and loans, net line item.  The gross unrealized columns above represent inception to date unrealized gains (losses). 

 (2) Actual maturities of residential
mortgage loans are generally shorter than stated contractual maturities.  Actual maturities are affected by the lives
of the underlying mortgages, periodic payments of principal and prepayments of principal.   

The table below summarizes certain information
pertaining to the Company s residential mortgage loans: 

As described in Note 2, the Company evaluates
loans for OTTI on at least a quarterly basis. The determination of whether a loan is other-than-temporarily impaired involves judgments
and assumptions based on subjective and objective factors. When the fair value of a loan is less than its amortized cost at the
balance sheet date, the loan is considered impaired, and the impairment is designated as either  temporary  or  other-than-temporary. 
No OTTI was recorded on loans for the three or nine months ended September 30, 2016. For the three months ended September 30, 2015
the Company recognized $0.2 million of OTTI on certain loan pools, which is included in the  Net realized gain/(loss) 
line item on the consolidated statement of operations. The Company recorded the $0.2 million of OTTI due to an adverse change in
cash flows where the fair values of the securities were less than their carrying amounts. The $0.2 million related to non-performing
loan pools with an unpaid principal balance of $18.8 million and an average fair market value of $11.7 million where OTTI was not
previously recognized. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015 the Company recognized $0.6 million of OTTI on certain loan
pools, which is included in the  Net realized gain/(loss)  line item on the consolidated statement of operations. The
Company recorded the $0.6 million of OTTI due to an adverse change in cash flows where the fair values of the securities were less
than their carrying amounts. The $0.6 million related to non-performing and re-performing loan pools with unpaid principal balances
of $18.8 million and $46.9 million, respectively, and an average fair market value of $12.3 million and $41.6 million, respectively,
where OTTI was not previously recognized. 

The Company s mortgage loan portfolio
consisted of mortgage loans on residential real estate located throughout the U.S. The following is a summary of certain concentrations
of credit risk within the Company s mortgage loan portfolio: 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    September 30, 2016  

The Company records interest income on
a level-yield basis. The accretable discount is determined by the excess of the Company s estimate of undiscounted principal,
interest, and other cash flows expected to be collected over its initial investment in the mortgage loan. The following is a summary
of the changes in the accretable portion of discounts for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30,
2015, respectively: 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company s
residential mortgage loan portfolio is comprised of 305 conventional loans with original loan balances between $9,000 and $1.1
million. 

Commercial Loans  

The following table presents detail on
the Company s commercial loan portfolio on September 30, 2016. 

(1) The Company has chosen to make a fair value election pursuant to ASC 825 for its loan portfolio.  Unrealized gains and losses are recognized in current period earnings in the unrealized gain/(loss) on real estate securities and loans, net line item.  The gross unrealized columns above represent inception to date unrealized gains (losses). 

(2) Loan A paid off in Q2 2016, with the Company receiving $30.0 million of principal proceeds. 

 (3) Loan B is comprised of a first mortgage and mezzanine loan of $31.8 million and $1.0 million, respectively. As of the stated maturity date, Loan B has been extended for an additional 12 months. 

 (4) Loan C paid off in Q3 2016, with the Company receiving $10.0 million of principal proceeds. 

 (5) Loan D is a first mortgage loan. See below for further information. 

 (6) Each commercial loan investment has a variable coupon rate. 

 (7) Actual maturities of commercial mortgage loans may be shorter than stated contractual maturities.  Maturities are affected by prepayments of principal. 

 (8) The Company has the contractual right to receive a balloon payment.                             

In February 2016, the Company originated
a $12.0 million commercial loan and, at closing, transferred a 15.0%, or $1.8 million, participation interest in the loan (the
 Participation Interest ) to an unaffiliated third party. The Participation Interest did not meet the sales criteria
established under ASC 860, therefore, the entire commercial loan has been recorded as an asset in the  Commercial loans,
at fair value  line item on the Company s consolidated balance sheet, referred to in the above table as  Loan
D . The weighted average coupon and yield on the commercial loan was 10.52% and 15.11%, respectively, at September 30, 2016.
A $1.8 million liability was recorded in the  Loan participation payable, at fair value  line item on the Company s
consolidated balance sheet representing the transfer of the Participation Interest. The Company recorded the origination of the
commercial loan in the  Cash Flows from Investing Activities  section and the proceeds from the transfer in the  Cash
Flows from Financing Activities  section of the consolidated statement of cash flows. The weighted average coupon and yield
on the Participation Interest was 10.52% and 24.18%, respectively, at September 30, 2016. 

The following table presents detail on
the Company s commercial loan portfolio on December 31, 2015. 

(1) The Company has chosen to make a fair value election pursuant to ASC 825 for its loan portfolio.  Unrealized gains and losses are recognized in current period earnings in the unrealized gain/(loss) on real estate securities and loans, net line item.  The gross unrealized columns above represent inception to date unrealized gains (losses). 

(2) Loan A is comprised of a first mortgage and mezzanine loan of $20.0 million and $10.0 million, respectively. 

 (3) Loan B is comprised of a first mortgage and mezzanine loan of $31.8 million and $1.0 million, respectively. 

 (4) Loan C is a mezzanine loan. 

 (5) Each commercial loan investment has a variable coupon rate. 

 (6) Actual maturities of commercial mortgage loans may be shorter than stated contractual maturities.  Maturities are affected by prepayments of principal. 

 (7) The Company has the contractual right to receive a balloon payment. 

During the three months ended September
30, 2016, the Company received $10.0 million of proceeds from the pay-off of Loan C. During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, the Company received $40.0 million of proceeds from the pay-offs of Loan A and Loan C. The Company did not have any loan
sales or pay-offs for the three or nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    September 30, 2016  

During the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 the Company recorded $0.1 million and $0.3 million, respectively, of discount accretion. During the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2015 the Company recorded $0.1 million and $0.3 million, respectively, of discount accretion. 

5. Fair Value Measurements  

As described in Note 2, the fair value
of financial instruments that are recorded at fair value will be determined by the Manager, subject to oversight of the Company s
board of directors, and in accordance with ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures.  When possible, the Company
determines fair value using independent data sources. ASC 820 establishes a hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation
techniques giving the highest priority to readily available unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level
1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements) when market prices are not readily available
or reliable.    

Values for the Company s securities,
securitized debt, and derivatives are based upon prices obtained from third party pricing services, which are indicative of market
activity. The evaluation methodology of the Company s third-party pricing services incorporates commonly used market pricing
methods, including a spread measurement to various indices such as the one-year constant maturity treasury and LIBOR, which are
observable inputs. The evaluation also considers the underlying characteristics of each investment, which are also observable inputs,
including: coupon; maturity date; loan age; reset date; collateral type; periodic and life cap; geography; and prepayment speeds.
The Company collects and considers current market intelligence on all major markets, including benchmark security evaluations and
bid-lists from various sources, when available. As part of the Company s risk management process, the Company reviews and
analyzes all prices obtained by comparing prices to recently completed transactions involving the same or similar investments on
or near the reporting date. If, in the opinion of the Manager, one or more prices reported to the Company are not reliable or unavailable,
the Manager reviews the fair value based on characteristics of the investment it receives from the issuer and available market
information. 

In valuing its derivatives, the Company
considers the creditworthiness of both the Company and its counterparties, along with collateral provisions contained in each derivative
agreement, from the perspective of both the Company and its counterparties. All of the Company s derivatives are either subject
to bilateral collateral arrangements or clearing in accordance with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
of 2010 (the  Dodd Frank Act ). For swaps cleared under the Dodd Frank Act, a Central Counterparty Clearing House ( CCP )
now stands between the Company and the over-the-counter derivative counterparties. In order to access clearing, the Company has
entered into clearing agreements with Futures Commissions Merchants ( FCMs ). The Company records its derivative asset
and liability positions on a gross basis. 

The fair value of the Company's mortgage
loans and loan participation considers data such as loan origination information, additional updated borrower information, loan
servicing data, as available, forward interest rates, general economic conditions, home price index forecasts and valuations of
the underlying properties. The variables considered most significant to the determination of the fair value of the Company's mortgage
loans include market-implied discount rates, projections of default rates, delinquency rates, reperformance rates, loss severity
(considering mortgage insurance) and prepayment rates. The Company uses loan level data and macro-economic inputs to generate loss
adjusted cash flows and other information in determining the fair value of its mortgage loans. Because of the inherent uncertainty
of such valuation, the fair values established for mortgage loans held by the Company may differ from the fair values that would
have been established if a ready market existed for these mortgage loans. Accordingly, mortgage loans are classified as Level 3
in the fair value hierarchy. 

The Manager may also engage specialized
third party valuation service providers to assess and corroborate the valuation of a selection of investments in the Company s
loan portfolio on a periodic basis. These specialized third party valuation service providers conduct independent valuation analyses
based on a review of source documents, available market data, and comparable investments. The analyses provided by valuation service
providers are reviewed and considered by the Manager. 

TBA instruments are similar in form to
the Company s Agency RMBS portfolio, and the Company therefore estimates fair value based on similar methods. 

U.S. Treasury securities are valued using
quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets. The fair value of the Company s obligation to return securities
borrowed under reverse repurchase agreements is based upon the value of the underlying borrowed U.S. Treasury securities as of
the reporting date. 

The Company entered into a resecuritization
transaction that resulted in the Company consolidating a VIE created with the SPE which was used to facilitate the transaction.
The Company categorizes the fair value measurement of the consolidated tranche as Level 2. 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    September 30, 2016  

In December 2015, the Company, alongside
private funds under the management of Angelo, Gordon, through AG Arc, formed Arc Home. The Company invests in Arc Home through
AG Arc. In June 2016, Arc Home closed on the acquisition of a Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, FHA, VA and Ginnie Mae seller/servicer of
mortgages. Through this subsidiary, Arc Home is currently originating conforming, FHA and Jumbo loans and retaining the associated
mortgage servicing rights, as well as purchasing additional mortgage servicing rights from third-party sellers. As a result of
this acquisition, the Company transferred its investment in AG Arc from Level 1 into Level 3 during the three months ended June
30, 2016. 

In February 2016, the Company originated
a $12.0 million commercial loan and transferred a 15% participation interest in the loan to an unaffiliated third party. The Company
categorizes the fair value measurement of the commercial loan and consolidated participation interest as Level 3. 

As a condition to membership in the FHLBC,
members are required to purchase and hold a certain amount of FHLBC stock, which is considered a non-marketable, long-term investment.
Because this stock can only be transacted at its par value, and only to the FHLBC, the Manager believes cost approximates fair
value. The Company categorizes the fair value measurement of these assets as Level 3. As part of the Final Rule mentioned previously,
the Company will have to sell back all of its FHLBC stock by February 19, 2017. 

The following table presents the Company s financial instruments
measured at fair value as of September 30, 2016: 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    September 30, 2016  

The following table presents the Company s
financial instruments measured at fair value as of December 31, 2015: 

The Company did not have any transfers
of assets or liabilities between Levels 1 and 2 of the fair value hierarchy during the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 and September 30, 2015. 

The following tables present additional
information about the Company s assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis for which the
Company has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value: 

Three Months Ended 

 September 30, 2016 

(1)
Transfers are assumed to occur at the beginning of the period. 

 (2) Transfers represent proceeds from transfer of loan participation. 

 (3) Represents a reclassification from investments in debt and equity of affiliates. 

 (4)
Gains/(losses) are recorded in the following line items in the consolidated statement of operations: 

(5)
Unrealized gains/(losses) are recorded in the following line items in the consolidated statement of operations: 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    September 30, 2016  

Three Months Ended 

 September 30, 2015 

(1) Transfers are assumed to occur at the beginning of the period. 

 (2) Represents an accounting reclassification between a linked transaction and a real estate security. 

 (3) Gains/(losses) are recorded in the
following line items in the consolidated statement of operations:  

(4) Gains/(losses) are recorded in the
following line items in the consolidated statement of operations:  

Nine Months Ended 

 September 30, 2016 

(1) Transfers are assumed to occur at the beginning of the period. 

 (2) Transfers represent proceeds from transfer of loan participation. 

 (3) Represents a reclassification from investments in debt and equity of affiliates. 

 (4) Gains/(losses) are recorded in the
following line items in the consolidated statement of operations: 

(5) Unrealized gains/(losses) are recorded
in the following line items in the consolidated statement of operations: 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    September 30, 2016  

Nine Months Ended  

 September 30,
2015 

(1) Transfers are assumed to occur at the beginning of the period. 

 (2) Represents an accounting reclassification between a linked transaction and a real estate security. 

 (3) Gains/(losses) are recorded in the
following line items in the consolidated statement of operations: 

(4) Gains/(losses) are recorded in the following line items in the consolidated statement of operations: 

As indicated in the table
above, during the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company transferred 4 Non-Agency RMBS securities into the Level
3 category from the Level 2 category under the fair value hierarchy of ASC 820. During the three months ended September
30, 2016, the Company transferred 14 Non-Agency RMBS securities into the Level 2 category from the Level 3 category under
the fair value hierarchy of ASC 820. As indicated in the table above, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
the Company transferred 26 Non-Agency RMBS securities and its securitized debt instrument into the Level 3 category from
the Level 2 category of the fair value hierarchy and its investment in AG Arc into the Level 3 category from the Level
1 category of the fair value hierarchy under ASC 820. As indicated in the table above, during the nine months ended
September 30, 2015, the Company transferred a Non-Agency RMBS into the Level 3 category from the Level 2 category of the fair
value hierarchy under ASC 820. The Company did not have any transfers of assets or liabilities into or out of the Level 3
category of the fair value hierarchy during the three months ended September 30, 2015. Transfers into the Level 3 category of
the fair value hierarchy occur due to instruments exhibiting indications of reduced levels of market transparency. Transfers
out of the Level 3 category of the fair value hierarchy occur due to instruments exhibiting indications of increased levels
of market transparency. Examples of indications of increases or decreases in levels of market transparency include a change
in observable transactions or executable quotes involving these instruments or similar instruments. Changes in these
indications could impact price transparency, and thereby cause a change in level designations in future periods. 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    September 30, 2016  

The following tables present a summary of quantitative information
about the significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of investments for which the Company has utilized
Level 3 inputs to determine fair value: 

* Represents the proportion of the principal expected to be collected relative to the loan balances as of September 30, 2016. 

 ** Fair value of the FHLBC stock approximates outstanding face amount as the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary is restricted from trading the stock and can only put the stock back to the FHLBC, at the FHLBC's discretion, at par. 

 *** The Company has
an equity investment in a limited liability company in the amount of $12.9 million which is classified as a Level 3 asset. The
investment fair value value primarily represents an interest in a residential mortgage origination and investment platform. Cost
approximates fair value for AG Arc. 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    September 30, 2016  

* Represents the proportion of the principal expected to be collected relative to the loan balances as of December 31, 2015. 

 ** Fair value of the
FHLBC stock approximates outstanding face amount as the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary is restricted from trading the stock
and can only put the stock back to the FHLBC, at the FHLBC's discretion, at par.  

As further described above, values for
the Company s securities portfolio are based upon prices obtained from third party pricing services. Broker quotations may
also be used. The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s securities are prepayment
rates, probability of default, and loss severity in the event of default. Significant increases (decreases) in any of those inputs
in isolation would result in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement. Generally, a change in the assumption used
for the probability of default is accompanied by a directionally similar change in the assumption used for the loss severity and
a directionally opposite change in the assumption used for prepayment rates. 

Also as described above, valuation of the
Company s loan portfolio is determined by the Manager using third-party pricing services where available, specialized third
party valuation service providers, or model-based pricing. The evaluation considers the underlying characteristics of each loan,
which are observable inputs, including: coupon, maturity date, loan age, reset date, collateral type, periodic and life cap, geography,
and prepayment speeds. These valuations also require significant judgments, which include assumptions regarding capitalization
rates, re-performance rates, leasing, creditworthiness of major tenants, occupancy rates, availability of financing, exit plan,
loan sponsorship, actions of other lenders and other factors deemed necessary by management. Changes in the market environment
and other events that may occur over the life of our investments may cause the gains or losses ultimately realized on these investments
to be different than the valuations currently estimated. If applicable, analyses provided by valuation service providers are reviewed
and considered by the Manager. 

6. Repurchase Agreements and FHLBC Advances  

The Company pledges certain real estate
securities and loans as collateral under repurchase agreements with financial institutions, the terms and conditions of which are
negotiated on a transaction-by-transaction basis. Repurchase agreements involve the sale and a simultaneous agreement to repurchase
the transferred assets or similar assets at a future date. FHLBC Advances involve loan advances made to the Company by the FHLBC
in exchange for real estate securities as collateral. The amount borrowed generally is equal to the fair value of the assets pledged
less an agreed-upon discount, referred to as a  haircut.  The Company calculates haircuts disclosed in the tables below
by dividing allocated capital on each borrowing by the current fair market value of each investment. Repurchase agreements and
FHLBC Advances entered into by the Company are accounted for as financings and require the repurchase of the transferred assets
at the end of each agreement s term, typically 30 to 90 days. The carrying amount of the Company s repurchase agreements
and FHLBC Advances approximates fair value due to their short-term maturities or floating rate coupons. If the Company maintains
the beneficial interest in the specific assets pledged during the term of the borrowing, it receives the related principal and
interest payments. If the Company does not maintain the beneficial interest in the specific assets pledged during the term of the
borrowing, it will have the related principal and interest payments remitted to it by the lender. Interest rates on these borrowings
are fixed based on prevailing rates corresponding to the terms of the borrowings, and interest is paid at the termination of the
borrowing at which time the Company may enter into a new borrowing arrangement at prevailing market rates with the same counterparty
or repay that counterparty and negotiate financing with a different counterparty. If the fair value of pledged assets declines
due to changes in market conditions or the publishing of monthly security paydown factors, lenders typically would require the
Company to post additional securities as collateral, pay down borrowings or establish cash margin accounts with the counterparties
in order to re-establish the agreed-upon collateral requirements, referred to as margin calls. The fair value of financial instruments
pledged as collateral on the Company s repurchase agreements and FHLBC Advances disclosed in the tables below represent the
Company s fair value of such instruments which may differ from the fair value assigned to the collateral by its counterparties.
The Company maintains a level of liquidity in the form of cash and unpledged Agency RMBS and Agency Interest-Only securities in
order to meet these obligations. Under the terms of the Company s master repurchase agreements, the counterparties may, in
certain cases, sell or re-hypothecate the pledged collateral.  

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    September 30, 2016  

In January 2016, the FHFA issued the Final
Rule, which prevents MITT Insurance from renewing, extending or receiving any additional FHLBC Advances. As of September 30, 2016,
the Company had no outstanding advances with the FHLBC. See Note 2 for more detail. Any FHLBC Advances reflected in the tables
below are as of December 31, 2015. 

The following table presents certain financial
information regarding the Company s repurchase agreements secured by real estate securities as of September 30, 2016: 

The following table presents certain financial
information regarding the Company s repurchase agreements secured by real estate securities as of December 31, 2015: 

The Company had no FHLBC Advances as of
September 30, 2016. 

The following table presents certain financial
information regarding the Company s FHLBC Advances secured by Agency RMBS as of December 31, 2015: 

The following table presents certain financial
information regarding the Company s repurchase agreements secured by interests in residential mortgage loans as of September
30, 2016: 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    September 30, 2016  

The following table presents certain financial
information regarding the Company s repurchase agreements secured by interests in residential mortgage loans as of December
31, 2015: 

(1) As of December 31, 2015, the Company had a total of $74.0 million of collateral pledged, comprised of $50.7 million of financial instruments and $23.3 million of cash from loan sales, which at December 31, 2015 was held by the Company's broker. The haircut based on total collateral pledged is 31.1% as of December 31, 2015. 

The following table presents certain financial
information regarding the Company s repurchase agreements secured by interests in commercial loans as of September 30, 2016: 

The following table presents certain financial information regarding
the Company s repurchase agreements secured by commercial loans as of December 31, 2015: 

The following table presents certain financial
information regarding the Company s repurchase agreements secured by interests in U.S. Treasury securities as of September
30, 2016: 

The following table presents certain financial
information regarding the Company s repurchase agreements secured by interests in U.S. Treasury securities as of December
31, 2015: 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    September 30, 2016  

Although repurchase agreements and FHLBC
Advances are committed borrowings until maturity, the lender retains the right to mark the underlying collateral to fair value.
A reduction in the value of pledged assets resulting from changes in market conditions or factor changes would require the Company
to provide additional collateral or cash to fund margin calls. See Note 7 for details on collateral posted/received against certain
derivatives. The following table presents information with respect to the Company s posting of collateral under (i) repurchase
agreements on September 30, 2016 and (ii) repurchase agreements and FHLBC Advances on December 31, 2015, broken out by investment
type: 

(1)
Collateral for FHLBC advances consist solely of Agency RMBS. 

The following table presents information
with respect to the Company s total borrowings under (i) repurchase agreements on September 30, 2016 and (ii) repurchase
agreements and FHLBC Advances on December 31, 2015, broken out by investment type: 

The following table presents both gross
information and net information about repurchase agreements eligible for offset in the consolidated balance sheet as of September
30, 2016: 

Gross
    Amounts Not Offset in the 
    Consolidated Balance Sheet            

Description       
      Gross
    Amounts of 
    Recognized 
    Liabilities            
      Gross
    Amounts 
    Offset in the 
    Consolidated Balance 
 Sheet            
      Net
    Amounts of Liabilities 
    Presented in the Consolidated 
    Balance Sheet            
      Financial 
    Instruments 
    Posted            
      Cash
    Collateral 
    Posted            
      Net
    Amount        
 
      Repurchase Agreements       
      $    2,226,363,709            
      $    -            
      $    2,226,363,709            
      $    2,226,363,709            
      $    -            
      $    -        

The Company had no FHLBC Advances as of
September 30, 2016. 

The following table presents both gross
information and net information about repurchase agreements and FHLBC Advances eligible for offset in the consolidated balance
sheet as of December 31, 2015: 

The Company seeks to obtain financing from
several different counterparties in order to reduce the financing risk related to any single counterparty. The Company has entered
into master repurchase agreements ( MRAs ) or loan agreements with such financing counterparties. As of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015 the Company had 38 financing counterparties under which it had outstanding debt with 22 and 21 counterparties,
respectively. 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    September 30, 2016  

The following table presents information
at September 30, 2016 with respect to each counterparty that provides the Company with financing for which the Company had greater
than 5% of its stockholders  equity at risk, excluding stockholders  equity at risk under financing through affiliated
entities. 

The following table presents information
at December 31, 2015 with respect to each counterparty that provides the Company with financing for which the Company had greater
than 5% of its stockholders  equity at risk, excluding stockholders  equity at risk under financing through affiliated
entities. 

On April 13, 2015, the Company, AG MIT,
LLC ( AG MIT ) and AG MIT CMO, LLC ( AG MIT CMO ), each a subsidiary of the Company, entered into Amendment
Number 2 to the Master Repurchase and Securities Contract (the  Second Renewal ) with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association
( Wells Fargo ) to finance both AG MIT s and AG MIT CMO s acquisition of certain consumer asset-backed
securities and commercial mortgage-backed securities as well as Non-Agency RMBS. The Second Renewal amends the repurchase agreement
entered into by the Company, AG MIT and AG MIT CMO with Wells Fargo in 2014. Each transaction under the Second Renewal will have
its own specific terms, such as identification of the assets subject to the transaction, sale price, repurchase price and rate.
The Second Renewal includes a 270 day evergreen structure providing for the automatic renewal of the agreement each day for a new
term of 270 days unless Wells Fargo notifies AG MIT and AG MIT CMO that it has decided not to renew, at which point the agreement
will terminate 270 days after the date of nonrenewal. The Second Renewal also increased the aggregate maximum borrowing capacity
to $200 million and extended the maturity date to April 13, 2017. At the request of AG MIT and AG MIT CMO, Wells Fargo may grant
a 90 day extension of the maturity date. The Second Renewal contains representations, warranties, covenants, events of default
and indemnities that are substantially identical to those in the previous repurchase agreements and are customary for agreements
of this type. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had $98.0 million of debt outstanding under this facility. As of December 31,
2015, the Company had $102.3 million of debt outstanding under this facility. 

On February 26, 2016, AG MIT WFB1 2014
LLC ( AG MIT WFB1 ), a subsidiary of the Company, entered into Amendment Number Four of the Master Repurchase Agreement
and Securities Contract (as amended, the  WFB1 Repurchase Agreement ) with Wells Fargo to finance the ownership and
acquisition of certain beneficial interests in trusts owning participation interests in one or more pools of residential mortgage
loans. Each transaction under the WFB1 Repurchase Agreement has its own specific terms, such as identification of the assets subject
to the transaction, sale price, repurchase price and rate. The WFB1 Repurchase Agreement provides for a funding period ending February
24, 2017 and a facility termination date of February 23, 2018. The maximum aggregate borrowing capacity available under the WFB1
Repurchase Agreement is $100.0 million. The WFB1 Repurchase Agreement contains representations, warranties, covenants, events of
default and indemnities that are customary for agreements of this type. The WFB1 Repurchase Agreement also contains financial covenants
that are the same as those in the Second Renewal. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had $26.1 million of debt outstanding under
the WFB1 Repurchase Agreement. As of December 31, 2015, the Company had $50.6 million of debt outstanding under the WFB1 Repurchase
Agreement. 

On September 17, 2014, AG MIT CREL, LLC
( AG MIT CREL ), a subsidiary of the Company, entered into a Master Repurchase Agreement and Securities Contract (the
 CREL Repurchase Agreement ) with Wells Fargo to finance AG MIT CREL s acquisition of certain beneficial interests
in one or more commercial mortgage loans. Each transaction under the CREL Repurchase Agreement will have its own specific terms,
such as identification of the assets subject to the transaction, sale price, repurchase price and rate. The CREL Repurchase Agreement
provides for a funding period ending September 17, 2016 and an initial facility termination date of September 17, 2016 (the  Initial
Termination Date ), subject to the satisfaction of certain terms of the extensions described below. AG MIT CREL has three
(3) one-year options to extend the term of the CREL Repurchase Agreement: (i) the first for an additional one year period (the
 First Extension Period ) ending September 17, 2017 (the  First Extended Termination Date ), (ii) the second
for an additional one year period (the  Second Extension Period ) ending September 17, 2018 (the  Second Extended
Termination Date ) and (iii) the third for an additional one year period ending September 17, 2019 (the  Third Extended
Termination Date ). For each of the Initial Termination Date, the First Extended Termination Date, the Second Extended Termination
Date and the Third Extended Termination Date, if such day is not a Business Day, such date shall be the next succeeding Business
Day. Each option shall be exercisable in each case no more than ninety (90) days and no fewer than thirty (30) days prior to the
initial facility termination date, the First Extended Termination Date or the Second Extended Termination Date, as the case may
be. In September 2016, the Company exercised its option to extend the term of the CREL Repurchase Agreement to the First Extended
Termination Date. 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    September 30, 2016  

On August 4, 2015, the Company, AG MIT
CREL and AG MIT entered into an Omnibus Amendment No. 1 to Master Repurchase and Securities Contract, Guarantee Agreement and Fee
and Pricing Letter (the  Omnibus Amendment ) with Wells Fargo. The Omnibus Amendment amended certain terms in the CREL
Repurchase Agreement, the Guarantee, dated as of September 17, 2014, delivered by the Company and AG MIT to Wells Fargo and the
Fee and Pricing Letter, dated as of September 17, 2014, between AG MIT CREL and Wells Fargo. The Omnibus Amendment lowered the
maximum aggregate borrowing capacity available under the CREL Repurchase Agreement from $150 million to approximately $42.8 million.
The Omnibus Amendment also provided that the CREL Repurchase Agreement become full recourse to the Company and AG MIT, LLC. By
amending the recourse of the CREL Repurchase Agreement to the Company and AG MIT, the Company was able to remove certain financial
covenants on AG MIT CREL that limited the amount that AG MIT CREL could borrow under the CREL Repurchase Agreement. The Omnibus
Amendment also eliminated the fee for the portion of the repurchase facility that was unused. The CREL Repurchase Agreement contains
representations, warranties, covenants, events of default and indemnities that are customary for agreements of this type. It also
contains financial covenants that are the same as the financial covenants in the Second Renewal. As of September 30, 2016, the
Company had $21.8 million of debt outstanding under this facility. As of December 31, 2015, the Company had $42.8 million of debt
outstanding under this facility. 

The Company s MRAs generally include
customary representations, warranties, and covenants, but may also contain more restrictive supplemental terms and conditions.
Although specific to each MRA, typical supplemental terms include requirements of minimum equity, leverage ratios, performance
triggers or other financial ratios. 

7. Derivatives  

The Company s derivatives may include
interest rate swaps ( swaps ), swaptions, TBAs, MBS options, Eurodollar Futures and U.S. Treasury Futures, (collectively,
 Futures ) and IO Indexes. Derivatives have not been designated as hedging instruments. The Company may also utilize
other instruments to manage interest rate risk, including long and short positions in U.S. Treasury securities. 

The following table presents the fair value
of the Company's derivative and other instruments and their balance sheet location at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

(1) The Company's obligation to return securities borrowed under reverse repurchase agreements as of September 30, 2016 relates to securities borrowed to cover short sales of U.S. Treasury securities. The change in fair value of the borrowed securities is recorded in the  Unrealized gain/(loss) on derivatives and other instruments, net  line item in the Company's consolidated statement of operations. 

The following table summarizes information related to derivatives
and other instruments: 

(1) Each Eurodollar Future contract embodies $1.0 million of notional value. 

 (2) Each U.S. Treasury Future contract
embodies $100,000 of notional value.             

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    September 30, 2016  

The following table summarizes gains/(losses) related to derivatives
and other instruments: 

(1) For the three
months ended September 30, 2016, gains and losses from purchases and sales of TBAs consisted of $0.1 million of net TBA
dollar roll net interest income and net losses of $(0.1) million due to price changes. For the nine months ended September
30, 2016, gains and losses from purchases and sales of TBAs consisted of $0.2 million of net TBA dollar roll net interest
income and net gains of $0.3 million due to price changes.  For the three months ended September 30, 2015, the
Company had no TBA dollar roll net interest income and net losses of $(0.1) million due to price changes. For the nine months
ended September 30, 2015, realized and unrealized gains and losses from purchases and sales of TBAs consisted of $2.2 million
of net TBA dollar roll net interest income and net losses of $(1.5) million due to price changes. 

The following table presents both gross
information and net information about derivative and other instruments eligible for offset in the consolidated balance sheet as
of September 30, 2016: 

(1)
Included in Derivative Liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet is $12,397,845 plus accrued interest of $1,400,399 for a
total of $13,798,244. 

The following table presents both gross information and net
information about derivative instruments eligible for offset in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015: 

(1) Included in Derivative Assets on the consolidated balance sheet is $3,195,522 less accrued interest of $1,440,055 for a total of $1,755,467. 

 (2) Included in Derivative Liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet is $(5,493,311) plus accrued interest of $(1,370,459) for a total of $(6,863,770).     

The Company must post cash or securities as collateral on its
derivative instruments when their fair value declines. This typically occurs when prevailing market rates change adversely, with
the severity of the change also dependent on the term of the derivatives involved. The posting of collateral is generally bilateral,
meaning that if the fair value of the Company s derivatives increases, its counterparty will post collateral to it. On September
30, 2016, the Company pledged real estate securities with a fair value of $7.1 million and cash of $17.6 million as collateral
against certain derivatives. The Company s counterparties did not post any collateral to it. On December 31, 2015, the Company
pledged real estate securities with a fair value of $4.9 million and cash of $15.3 million as collateral against certain derivatives.
The Company s counterparties posted cash of $1.8 million to it as collateral for certain derivatives. 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    September 30, 2016  

Interest Rate Swaps   

To help mitigate exposure to increases
in short-term interest rates, the Company uses currently-paying and may use forward-starting, one- or three-month LIBOR-indexed,
pay-fixed, receive-variable, interest rate swap agreements. This arrangement hedges our exposure to higher short-term interest
rates because the variable-rate payments received on the swap agreements largely offset additional interest accruing on the related
borrowings due to the higher interest rate, leaving the fixed-rate payments to be paid on the swap agreements as the Company s
effective borrowing rate, subject to certain adjustments including changes in spreads between variable rates on the swap agreements
and actual borrowing rates. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company s interest rate
swap positions consist of pay-fixed interest rate swaps. The following table presents information about the Company s interest
rate swaps as of September 30, 2016: 

As of December 31, 2015, the Company s
interest rate swap positions consist of pay-fixed interest rate swaps. The following table presents information about the Company s
interest rate swaps as of December 31, 2015: 

TBAs  

As discussed in Note 2, the Company has
entered into TBAs. The Company s maximum exposure to loss related to its TBAs is the net payable amount on its TBA transactions
until the settlement date. As of September 30, 2016, the Company s maximum exposure to loss on TBAs was $0.1 million. As
of December 31, 2015, the Company s maximum exposure to loss on TBAs was $77.5 million. 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    September 30, 2016  

The following table presents information
about the Company s TBAs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015: 

8. Earnings per Share  

Basic earnings per share ( EPS )
is calculated by dividing net income/(loss) available to common stockholders for the period by the weighted- average shares of
the Company s common stock outstanding for that period that participate in the Company s common dividends. Diluted
EPS takes into account the effect of dilutive instruments, such as stock options, warrants, unvested restricted stock and unvested
restricted stock units but uses the average share price for the period in determining the number of incremental shares that are
to be added to the weighted-average number of shares outstanding. 

As of September 30, 2016 and September
30, 2015, the Company s outstanding warrants and unvested restricted stock units were as follows: 

Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase
half a share of the Company s common stock at a fixed price upon exercise of the warrant. For the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, the Company excluded the effects of such from the computation of diluted earnings per
share because their effect would be anti-dilutive. 

Restricted stock units granted to the manager
do not entitle the participant the rights of a shareholder of the Company s common stock, such as dividend and voting rights,
until shares are issued in settlement of the vested units. The restricted stock units are not considered to be participating shares.
The dilutive effects of the restricted stock units are only included in diluted weighted average common shares outstanding.   

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    September 30, 2016  

The following table presents a reconciliation
of the earnings and shares used in calculating basic and diluted EPS for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
September 30, 2015: 

Excluded from the computation of diluted
earnings per share because its effect would be anti-dilutive were restricted stock units of 14,661 for the three months ended September
30, 2015. 

The following tables detail our common stock dividends for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, and September 30, 2015: 

The following tables detail our preferred stock dividends during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and September 30, 2015: 

9. Income Taxes  

As a REIT, the Company is not subject to
federal income tax to the extent that it makes qualifying distributions to its stockholders, and provided it satisfies on a continuing
basis, through actual investment and operating results, the REIT requirements including certain asset, income, distribution and
stock ownership tests. Most states follow U.S. federal income tax treatment of REITs. 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    September 30, 2016  

For the three months ended September
30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, the Company recorded excise tax expense of $0.2 million and $0.3 million, respectively. For the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, the Company recorded excise tax expense of $1.0 million and $1.1 million,
respectively. Excise tax represents a four percent tax on the required amount of the Company s ordinary income and net capital
gains not distributed during the year. The quarterly expense is calculated in accordance with applicable tax regulations. 

The Company files tax returns in several
U.S jurisdictions. There are no ongoing U.S. federal, state or local tax examinations. 

The Company elected to treat certain domestic
subsidiaries as TRSs and may elect to treat other subsidiaries as TRSs. In general, a TRS may hold assets and engage in activities
that the Company cannot hold or engage in directly, and generally may engage in any real estate or non-real estate-related business. 

The Company elected to treat one of its
foreign subsidiaries as a TRS and, accordingly, taxable income generated by this TRS may not be subject to local income taxation,
but generally will be included in the Company s income on a current basis as Subpart F income, whether or not distributed. 

Cash distributions declared by
the Company that do not exceed its current or accumulated earnings and profits will be considered ordinary income to stockholders
for income tax purposes unless all or a portion of a distribution is designated by the Company as a capital gain dividend. Distributions
in excess of the Company s current and accumulated earnings and profits will be characterized as return of capital or capital
gains. 

Based on the Company s analysis of
any potential uncertain income tax positions, the Company concluded it did not have any uncertain tax positions that meet the recognition
or measurement criteria of ASC 740 as of September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. The Company s federal income tax returns
for the last three tax years are open to examination by the Internal Revenue Service. In the event that the Company incurs income
tax related interest and penalties, its policy is to classify them as a component of provision for income taxes. 

10. Related Party Transactions  

The Company has entered into a management
agreement with the Manager, which provided for an initial term and will be deemed renewed automatically each year for an additional
one-year period, subject to certain termination rights. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, no event of termination
had occurred. The Company is externally managed and advised by the Manager. Pursuant to the terms of the management agreement,
which became effective July 6, 2011 (upon the consummation of the Company s initial public offering (the  IPO )),
the Manager provides the Company with its management team, including its officers, along with appropriate support personnel. Each
of the Company s officers is an employee of Angelo, Gordon. The Company does not have any employees. The Manager, pursuant
to a delegation agreement dated as of June 29, 2011, has delegated to Angelo, Gordon the overall responsibility of its day-to-day
duties and obligations arising under the Company s management agreement. 

Management fee  

The Manager is entitled to a management
fee equal to 1.50% per annum, calculated and paid quarterly, of the Company s Stockholders  Equity. For purposes of
calculating the management fee,  Stockholders  Equity  means the sum of the net proceeds from any issuances of
equity securities (including preferred securities) since inception (allocated on a pro rata daily basis for such issuances during
the fiscal quarter of any such issuance, and excluding any future equity issuance to the Manager), plus the Company s retained
earnings at the end of such quarter (without taking into account any non-cash equity compensation expense or other non-cash items
described below incurred in current or prior periods), less any amount that the Company pays for repurchases of its common stock,
excluding any unrealized gains, losses or other non-cash items that have impacted stockholders  equity as reported in the
Company s financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP, regardless of whether such items are included in other comprehensive
income or loss, or in net income, and excluding one-time events pursuant to changes in GAAP, and certain other non-cash charges
after discussions between the Manager and the Company s independent directors and after approval by a majority of the Company s
independent directors. Stockholders  Equity, for purposes of calculating the management fee, could be greater or less than
the amount of stockholders  equity shown on the Company s financial statements. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, the Company incurred management fees of approximately $2.4 million and $7.3 million, respectively. For the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company incurred management fees of approximately $2.5 million and $7.5 million, respectively. 

Termination fee  

The termination fee, payable upon the occurrence
of (i) the Company s termination of the management agreement without cause or (ii) the Manager s termination of the
management agreement upon a breach of any material term of the management agreement, will be equal to three times the average annual
management fee during the 24-month period prior to such termination, calculated as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal
quarter. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, no event of termination of the management agreement had occurred. 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    September 30, 2016  

Expense reimbursement  

The Company is required to reimburse the
Manager or its affiliates for operating expenses which are incurred by the Manager or its affiliates on behalf of the Company,
including expenses relating to legal, accounting, due diligence and other services. The Company s reimbursement obligation
is not subject to any dollar limitation; however, the reimbursement is subject to an annual budget process which combines guidelines
from the Management Agreement with oversight by the Company s board of directors. 

The Company reimburses the Manager or its
affiliates for the Company s allocable share of the compensation, including, without limitation, annual base salary, bonus,
any related withholding taxes and employee benefits paid to (i) the Company s chief financial officer based on the percentage
of time spent on Company affairs, (ii) the Company s general counsel based on the percentage of time spent on the Company s
affairs, and (iii) other corporate finance, tax, accounting, internal audit, legal, risk management, operations, compliance and
other non-investment personnel of the Manager and its affiliates who spend all or a portion of their time managing the Company s
affairs based upon the percentage of time devoted by such personnel to the Company s affairs. In their capacities as officers
or personnel of the Manager or its affiliates, they devote such portion of their time to the Company s affairs as is necessary
to enable the Company to operate its business. 

For the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, the Company expensed into Other operating expenses $1.8 million and $5.3 million, respectively, of
reimbursable expenses payable to the Manager or its affiliates. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the
Company expensed into Other operating expenses $2.1 million and $5.8 million, respectively, of reimbursable expenses payable
to the Manager or its affiliates. 

Restricted stock grants  

Pursuant to the Company s Manager
Equity Incentive Plan and the Equity Incentive Plan adopted on July 6, 2011, the Company can award up to 277,500 shares of its
common stock to the directors, officers, advisors, consultants and other personnel of the Company and to the Manager. As of September
30, 2016, 135,494 shares of common stock were available to be awarded under the equity incentive plans. Awards under the equity
incentive plans are forfeitable until they become vested. An award will become vested only if the vesting conditions set forth
in the applicable award agreement (as determined by the compensation committee) are satisfied. The vesting conditions may include
performance of services for a specified period, achievement of performance goals, or a combination of both. The compensation committee
also has the authority to provide for accelerated vesting of an award upon the occurrence of certain events in its discretion. 

On July 1, 2014, the Company granted 60,000
restricted stock units to the Manager that represent the right to receive an equivalent number of shares of the Company s
common stock to be issued if and when such units vest. Annual vesting of approximately 20,000 units occurred or will occur on each
of July 1, 2015, July 1, 2016, and July 1, 2017. The units do not entitle the participant the rights of a holder of the Company s
common stock, such as dividend and voting rights, until shares are issued in settlement of the vested units. The vesting of such
units is subject to the continuation of the management agreement. If the management agreement terminates, all unvested units then
held by the Manager or the Manager s transferee shall be immediately cancelled and forfeited without consideration. On each
of July 1, 2015, and July 1, 2016, approximately 20,000 restricted stock units vested, and as of September 30, 2016, approximately
20,000 units remained unvested. 

Director compensation  

The Company pays a $90,000 annual base
director s fee to each independent director. Base director s fees are paid two-thirds in cash and one-third in restricted
common stock. The number of shares of restricted common stock to be issued each quarter to each independent director is determined
based on the average of the high and low prices of the Company s common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the last
trading day of each fiscal quarter. To the extent that any fractional shares would otherwise be issuable and payable to each independent
director, a cash payment is made to each independent director in lieu of any fractional shares. All directors  fees are paid
pro rata (and restricted stock grants determined) on a quarterly basis in arrears, and shares issued are fully vested and non-forfeitable.
These shares may not be sold or transferred by such director during the time of his service as an independent member of the Company s
board. 

Investments in debt and equity of affiliates  

The Company invests in credit sensitive
residential and commercial real estate assets through affiliated entities which also hold an ownership interest in the assets.
The Company is one investor, amongst other investors managed by the Manager, in such entities and has applied the equity method
of accounting for such investments. These assets include investments in unguaranteed portions of CMBS issued by a GSE and secured
by mortgages on multifamily properties. These assets also include an investment in a portfolio of non-performing single-family
mortgage loans acquired through a competitive auction conducted by the Department of Housing and Urban Development ( HUD ).
Our maximum exposure to loss with respect to these investments is generally equal to the amount that we invested. See Note 2 for
more detail. 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    September 30, 2016  

On December 9, 2015, the Company, alongside
private funds under the management of Angelo, Gordon, through AG Arc, entered into the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company
Agreement (the  LLC Agreement ) of Arc Home, a Delaware limited liability company. Arc Home, through its subsidiary,
originates conforming, FHA and Jumbo residential mortgage loans and retains the associated mortgage servicing rights, as well as
purchases additional mortgage servicing rights from third-party sellers and is led by an external management team. Its investment
is reflected on the  Investments in debt and equity of affiliates  line item on its consolidated balance sheet and
had a fair value of $12.9 million and $(0.3) million on September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

On March 8, 2016, an affiliate of the Manager
(the  Affiliate ) became a member of AG Arc. The Affiliate acquired an ownership interest in AG Arc, which resulted
in the ownership interest of the Company in AG Arc being reduced on a pro-rata basis. As a result of the Affiliate becoming a member
of AG Arc, the Company s overall commitment to Arc Home was reduced to $13.4 million. 

Transactions with affiliates  

In May 2015, the Company completed an arm s-length
securitization with other investors managed by an affiliate of the Manager (the  Related Parties ) by combining the
assets of a prior private securitization, in which the Company held a 10.0% ownership interest, with the assets of another private
securitization held entirely by the Related Parties. The Company s investment in this securitization is reflected on the
 Non-Agency  line item on the consolidated balance sheet and had a fair value of $3.1 million as of the date of the
securitization. The Company completed another similar arm s-length securitization in July 2015 with the Related Parties by
combining the assets of a private securitization, in which the Company held a 7.5% ownership interest, with the assets of another
private securitization held entirely by the Related Parties. The Company s investment in this securitization is reflected
on the  Non-Agency  line item on the consolidated balance sheet and had a fair value of a fair value of $5.1 million
as of the date of the securitization. The remaining interests in each securitization were owned by certain of the Related Parties.
Each securitization was backed by collateral consisting of seasoned NPLs and RPLs. The Company obtained third party pricing for
each transaction. 

In July 2015, the Company completed an
arm s-length purchase at fair value. Certain entities managed by an affiliate of the Company's Manager ( Related Entities )
had previously formed a joint venture ( Joint Venture ) with an unaffiliated third party. The Joint Venture owns certain
multi-family properties for which the mortgages partly collateralize a securitization wherein the Company purchased certain bond
tranches. To ensure an arm s-length transaction, the Manager delegated its decision making rights with respect to the securitization
to a third party servicer. In addition, the members of the Joint Venture agreed to cease sharing material non-public information
with the Company s investment team regarding the collateral. The investment by the Company in these bond tranches was reflected
on the  Investments in debt and equity of affiliates  line item on the consolidated balance sheet with a fair value
of $7.1 million as of the date of the purchase. 

In connection with the Company s
investments in residential mortgage loans and residential mortgage loans in securitized form that it purchases from an affiliate
(or affiliates) of the Manager ( Securitized Whole Loans ), the Company engages asset managers to provide advisory,
consultation, asset management and other services to formulate and implement strategic plans to manage, collect and dispose of
loans in a manner that is reasonably expected to maximize the amount of proceeds from each loan. Beginning in November 2015, the
Company engaged Red Creek Asset Management LLC ( Asset Manager ), a related party of the Manager and direct subsidiary
of Angelo, Gordon, as the asset manager for certain of its residential loans and Securitized Whole Loans. The Asset Manager acknowledges
that the Company will at all times have and retain ownership and control of all loans and that the Asset Manager will not acquire
(i) title to any loan, (ii) any security interest in any loan, or (iii) any other rights or interests of any kind or any nature
whatsoever in or to any loan. The Company pays separate arm s-length asset management fees as assessed and confirmed by a
third party valuation firm for (i) non-performing loans and (ii) reperforming loans. For the three months ended September 30, 2016,
the fees paid by the Company to the Asset Manager, inclusive of fees paid through affiliated entities, totaled less than $120,000.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the fees paid by the Company to the Asset Manager, inclusive of fees paid through
affiliated entities, totaled $0.2 million. No fees were paid to the Asset Manager for the three or nine months ended September
30, 2015. 

In June 2016, in accordance with the Company s
Affiliated Transactions Policy, the Company executed two trades whereby the Company acquired real estate securities from two separate
affiliates of the Manager (the  Selling Affiliates ). As of the date of the trades, the securities acquired from the
Selling Affiliates had a total fair value of $6.9 million. In each case, the Selling Affiliates sold the real estate securities
through a BWIC (Bids Wanted in Competition). Prior to the submission of the BWIC by the Selling Affiliates, the Company submitted
its bid for the real estate securities to the Selling Affiliates. The Company s pre-submission of its bid allowed the company
to confirm third-party market pricing and best execution. 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    September 30, 2016  

11. Equity  

On May 6, 2015, the Company filed a shelf
registration statement, registering up to $750.0 million of its securities, including capital stock. On September 30, 2016, the
entire $750.0 million of the Company s securities, including capital stock, was available for issuance under the registration
statement. 

Concurrently with its IPO, the Company
offered a private placement of 3,205,000 units at $20.00 per share to a limited number of investors qualifying as  accredited
investors  under Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities
Act ). Each unit consisted of one share of common stock ( private placement share ) and a warrant ( private
placement warrant ) to purchase 0.5 of a share of common stock. Each private placement warrant had an exercise price of $20.50
per share (as adjusted for reorganizations, reclassifications, consolidations, mergers, sales, transfers or other dispositions).
No warrants were exercised for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. 

The Company s Series A and Series
B Preferred Stock have no stated maturity and are not subject to any sinking fund or mandatory redemption. Under certain circumstances
upon a change of control, the Company s Series A and Series B Preferred Stock are convertible to shares of the Company s
common stock. Holders of the Company s Series A and Series B Preferred Stock have no voting rights, except under limited
conditions, and holders are entitled to receive cumulative cash dividends at a rate of 8.25% and 8.00% per annum on the Series
A and Series B Preferred Stock, respectively, of the $25.00 per share liquidation preference before holders of the common stock
are entitled to receive any dividends. Shares of the Company s Series A and Series B Preferred Stock are redeemable at $25.00
per share plus accumulated and unpaid dividends (whether or not declared) exclusively at the Company s option commencing
on August 3, 2017 or September 27, 2017 for the Series A and Series B Preferred Stock, respectively, or earlier under certain circumstances
intended to preserve the Company s qualification as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. Dividends are payable quarterly
in arrears on the 17th day of each March, June, September and December. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had declared all
required quarterly dividends on the Company s Series A and Series B Preferred Stock. 

On November 3, 2015, the Company s
board of directors authorized a stock repurchase program ( Repurchase Program ) to repurchase up to $25.0 million of
its outstanding common stock. Such authorization does not have an expiration date. As part of the Repurchase Program, shares may
be purchased in open market transactions, including through block purchases, through privately negotiated transactions, or pursuant
to any trading plan that may be adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act. Open market repurchases will be made
in accordance with Exchange Act Rule 10b-18, which sets certain restrictions on the method, timing, price and volume of open market
stock repurchases. Subject to applicable securities laws, the timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases of common stock
under the Repurchase Program may be determined by the Company in its discretion, using available cash resources. Shares of common
stock repurchased by the Company under the Repurchase Program, if any, will be cancelled and, until reissued by the Company, will
be deemed to be authorized but unissued shares of its common stock. The Repurchase Program may be suspended or discontinued by
the Company at any time and without prior notice and the authorization does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular
amount of common stock. The Company is incorporated in the State of Maryland and under the laws of that state, shares of its own
stock that are acquired by the Company constitute authorized but unissued shares. The cost of the acquisition by the Company of
shares of its own stock in excess of the aggregate par value of the shares first reduces additional paid-in capital, to the extent
available, with any residual cost applied against retained earnings. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company
repurchased 614,695 shares of common stock at a total cost of approximately $8.7 million and at an average cost per share of $14.20,
including brokerage, commissions and clearing fees. As of September 30, 2016, approximately $14.6 million of common stock remained
authorized for future share repurchases under the Repurchase Program. The Company did not repurchase any shares for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    September 30, 2016  

The following table presents a summary
of our common stock repurchases under the Repurchase Program for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

(1) Based on trade date. The Program was announced on November 4, 2015. The Program does not have an expiration date. 

 (2) Includes brokerage commissions and clearing fees. 

 (3) The maximum dollar
amount authorized was $25.0 million. 

12. Commitments and Contingencies  

From time to time, the Company may become
involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. 

On December 9, 2015, the Company, alongside
private funds under the management of Angelo, Gordon, through AG Arc, entered into the LLC Agreement of Arc Home. The capital commitment
to Arc Home is $30.0 million of which the Company s share is $13.4 million. The Company has funded all of this commitment
as of September 30, 2016. 

In the normal course of business, the Company
enters into agreements where payment may become due if certain events occur. Management believes that the probability of making
such payments is remote. 

ITEM 2.     MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.  

In this quarterly report on Form 10-Q,
or this  report,  we refer to AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. as  we,   us,  the  Company, 
or  our,  unless we specifically state otherwise or the context indicates otherwise. We refer to our external manager,
AG REIT Management, LLC, as our  Manager,  and we refer to the direct parent company of our Manager, Angelo, Gordon
  Co., L.P., as  Angelo, Gordon.   

The following discussion should be read
in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements,
which are included in Item 1 of this report, as well as the information contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2015. 

Forward-Looking Statements  

We make forward-looking statements within
the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), in this report that are subject to substantial known
and unknown risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements include information about possible or assumed future results
of our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans, objectives, the composition of our portfolio, actions
by governmental entities, including the Federal Reserve, and the potential effects of actual and proposed legislation on us. When
we use the words  believe,   expect,   anticipate,   estimate,   plan, 
 continue,   intend,   should,   may  or similar expressions, we intend to identify
forward-looking statements. 

These forward-looking statements are based
upon information presently available to our management and are inherently subjective, uncertain and subject to change. There can
be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from our expectations. Some, but not all, of the factors that might
cause such a difference include, but are not limited to, changes in interest rates, changes in the yield curve, changes in prepayment
rates, the availability and terms of financing, changes in the market value of our assets, general economic conditions, conditions
in the market for Agency RMBS, Non-Agency RMBS, ABS and CMBS securities and loans, and legislative and regulatory changes that
could adversely affect us. We caution investors not to rely unduly on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the
date made, and urge you to carefully consider the risks noted above and identified under the captions  Risk Factors, 
and  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and any subsequent filings. If any change described above occurs, our business,
financial condition, liquidity and results of operations may vary materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements.
New risks and uncertainties arise from time to time, and it is impossible for us to predict those events or how they may affect
us. Except as required by law, we are not obligated to, and do not intend to, update or revise any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. All forward-looking statements that we make, or that are attributable
to us, are expressly qualified by this cautionary notice. 

Our Company  

We are a Maryland corporation focused on
investing in, acquiring and managing a diversified portfolio of residential mortgage assets, other real estate-related securities
and financial assets, which we refer to as our target assets. We are externally managed by our Manager, a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Angelo, Gordon, pursuant to a management agreement. Our Manager, pursuant to the delegation agreement dated as of June 29, 2011,
has delegated to Angelo, Gordon the overall responsibility of its day-to-day duties and obligations arising under the management
agreement. We conduct our operations to qualify and be taxed as a real estate investment trust, or REIT, for U.S. federal income
tax purposes. Accordingly, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxes on our taxable income that we distribute
currently to our stockholders as long as we maintain our intended qualification as a REIT. We also operate our business in a manner
that permits us to maintain our exemption from registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment
Company Act. Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange, or the NYSE, under the symbol MITT. Our 8.25% Series A
Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock and our 8.00% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock trade on the NYSE under the
symbols MITT-PA and MITT-PB, respectively. 

Our Investment Portfolio  

Our portfolio is comprised primarily of
mortgage-backed securities, specifically residential mortgage-backed securities, or RMBS. Certain of the assets in our RMBS portfolio
have an explicit guarantee of principal and interest by a U.S. government agency such as the Government National Mortgage Association,
or Ginnie Mae, or a government-sponsored entity such as the Federal National Mortgage Association, or Fannie Mae, or the Federal
Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, or Freddie Mac (each, a  GSE ). We refer to these securities as Agency RMBS. Our Agency
RMBS portfolio includes fixed rate securities (held as mortgage pass-through securities), fixed rate collateralized mortgage obligation
( CMOs ), interest only securities (entitling the holder only to the interest payments made on the mortgages underlying
certain RMBS  interest-only strips ), inverse interest-only securities (entitling the holder only to the interest payments
made on the mortgages underlying certain RMBS whose coupon has an inverse relationship to its benchmark rate such as LIBOR), and
certain Agency RMBS for which the underlying collateral is not identified until shortly (generally two days) before the purchase
or sale settlement date ( TBAs ). 

Our portfolio also includes a significant
portion of RMBS that are not issued or guaranteed by Ginnie Mae or a GSE, which we refer to as Non-Agency RMBS. Our Non-Agency
RMBS investments include investment grade and non-investment grade fixed- and floating-rate securities. We categorize some of our
Non-Agency RMBS by credit score at origination into Prime, Alt-A and Subprime. The Non-Agency RMBS that we do not categorize by
credit score at origination include our RMBS Interest-Only securities (Non-Agency RMBS backed by interest-only strips), CRTs (defined
below), RPL/NPL MBS, (described below), and Securitized Whole Loans (described below). 

Credit Risk Transfer securities ( CRTs )
are unguaranteed and unsecured mezzanine, junior mezzanine and first loss securities issued by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to transfer
their exposure to mortgage default risk to private investors. These securities reference a specific pool of single family mortgages
from a specified time period (typically around the time of origination). The risk of loss on the reference pool of mortgages is
transferred to investors who may experience losses when adverse credit events such as defaults, liquidations or delinquencies occur
in the underlying mortgages. Owners of these securities receive an uncapped floating interest rate equal to a spread over one-month
LIBOR. 

RPL/NPL MBS are mortgage-backed securities
collateralized by re-performing mortgage loans ( RPL ) or non-performing mortgage loans ( NPL ). The RPL/NPL
MBS that we own represent the senior and mezzanine tranches of such securitizations. These RPL/NPL MBS are structured with significant
credit enhancement (typically approximately 50% to the senior tranche and 40% to the mezzanine tranche) to mitigate our exposure
to credit risk on these securities.  Credit enhancement  refers to the amount of subordination available to absorb
all credit losses prior to losses being allocated to more senior tranches. For a senior tranche in a typical securitization to
experience loss, the value of the collateral underlying the securitization would have to decrease by 50%. Subordinate tranches
typically receive no cash flow (interest or principal) until the senior and mezzanine tranches are paid off. In addition, the RPL/NPL
MBS that we own typically contain an  interest rate step-up  feature, whereby the interest rate or  coupon 
on the senior tranche increases by typically 300 basis points or typically 400 basis points in the case of mezzanine tranches (a
 step up ) if the security that we hold has not been redeemed or repurchased by the issuer within 36 months of issuance.
We expect that the combination of the priority cash flow of the senior and mezzanine tranches and the 36-month step-up feature
will result in these securities exhibiting short average lives and, accordingly, reduced interest rate sensitivity. 

Securitized Whole Loans are residential
mortgage loans (generally RPLs or NPLs) in securitized form that we purchase from an affiliate (or affiliates) of the Manager.
The securitizations typically take the form of various classes of notes and a trust certificate. Securitized Whole Loans do not
include RPLs or NPLs that we hold through interests in certain consolidated trusts, which are included in the  Residential
mortgage loans, at fair value  line item on our consolidated balance sheets. 

We also invest in other target assets,
including commercial mortgage-backed securities, or CMBS, and asset backed securities, or ABS, which, together with Agency RMBS
and Non-Agency RMBS, we collectively refer to as our real estate securities. Our CMBS portfolio includes CMBS, Freddie Mac K-Series
CMBS (described below) and CMBS interest-only securities (CMBS backed by interest-only strips). Our ABS portfolio may include securities
collateralized by various asset classes, including automobiles, credit cards and student loans, among others. 

Freddie Mac K-Series CMBS ( K-Series
CMBS ) include CMBS, CMBS interest-only and CMBS principal-only securities which are regularly-issued structured pass-through
securities backed by multifamily mortgage loans. K-Series CMBS feature a wide range of investor options which include guaranteed
senior and interest-only bonds as well as unguaranteed senior, mezzanine, subordinate and interest-only bonds, all of which are
issued by Freddie Mac. Our K-Series CMBS portfolio includes unguaranteed senior, mezzanine, subordinate and interest-only bonds.
Throughout Item 2   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, we have
categorized Freddie Mac K-Series CMBS interest-only bonds as part of our  CMBS Interest-Only  assets. 

We have also invested in residential and
commercial mortgage loans, including RPLs and NPLs, as well as excess mortgage servicing rights ( MSRs ). We have the
discretion to invest in other target assets such as other real estate structured finance products, other real estate-related loans
and securities and interests in certain types of real estate. Non-Agency RMBS, ABS, CMBS, MSRs and residential and commercial mortgage
loans, inclusive of investments held within affiliated entities but exclusive of AG Arc (discussed below), are referred to as our
 credit portfolio  or  credit investments,  and residential and commercial mortgage loans are collectively
referred to as  loans.  We use the term  credit securities  to refer to our credit portfolio excluding
loans and MSRs. Additionally, we use the term  real estate securities  or  securities  to refer to our
Agency RMBS and our credit securities. We use the term  investment portfolio  to refer to our Agency RMBS, portfolio
and our credit portfolio. We also use the term  GAAP investment portfolio  to refer to our Agency RMBS portfolio, exclusive
of TBAs in the Agency RMBS category, which we refer to as our  GAAP Agency RMBS portfolio,  and our credit portfolio,
exclusive of all investments held within affiliated entities, which we refer to as our  GAAP credit portfolio . 

In the  Our investments,   Financing
activities  and  Liquidity and capital resources  sections of this Item 2, where we disclose our investment portfolio
and the related repurchase agreements and FHLBC Advances that finance it, we have presented this information inclusive of (i) unconsolidated
ownership interests in affiliates that are accounted for under GAAP using the equity method and (ii) TBAs, which are accounted
for as derivatives under GAAP. Our investment portfolio and the related repurchase agreements and FHLBC Advances that finance it
are presented along with a reconciliation to GAAP. This presentation of our investment portfolio is consistent with how our management
evaluates the business, and we believe this presentation, when considered with the GAAP presentation, provides supplemental information
useful for investors in evaluating our investment portfolio and financial condition. See Note 2 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited) for a discussion of investments in debt and equity of affiliates. 

Arc Home LLC  

In December 2015, we, alongside private
funds under the management of Angelo, Gordon, through AG Arc LLC, one of our indirect subsidiaries ( AG Arc ), formed
Arc Home LLC ( Arc Home ). In June 2016, Arc Home closed on the acquisition of a Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, Federal Housing
Administration ( FHA ), Veteran s Administration ( VA ) and Ginnie Mae seller/servicer of mortgages
with licenses to conduct business in 44 states, including Washington D.C. Through this subsidiary, Arc Home originates conforming,
FHA and Jumbo residential mortgage loans, retains the mortgage servicing rights associated with the loans that it originates, and
purchases additional mortgage servicing rights from third-party sellers. The capital commitment to Arc Home is $30.0 million of
which our share is $13.4 million. We have funded all of this commitment as of September 30, 2016. 

Market and interest rate trends  

Inclusive of distressed sales, home prices
nationwide increased by 6.2% on a year-over-year basis in August 2016 as compared with August 2015, according to data released
by CoreLogic. This marks the 55th consecutive monthly increase year-over-year in national home prices. The housing market remains
strong; however, given the duration and strength of the recovery, additional over-performance is expected to be somewhat muted
for the rest of 2016. The U.S. government agencies and the Federal Reserve (the  Fed ) policy sponsorship of housing
via lower mortgage rates and the amount of credit available to prospective homeowners, coupled with a stable broader domestic economy,
have provided some support for the housing market recovery. 

According to CoreLogic, the aggregate value
of all residential properties with negative equity decreased to $284.3 billion in the second quarter of 2016, from $314 billion
in the second quarter of 2015, a decrease of 9.5%. Negative equity means that a homeowner owes more on the home than the home is
worth. For much of the country, the negative equity epidemic that developed during the 2008-2009 recession is lifting due to the
rise in home prices over the past four years. CoreLogic predicts that if home prices rise an additional 5.0% in the next twelve
months, 700,000 homeowners could regain positive equity. Additionally, credit performance in terms of serious delinquencies and
subsequent default rates continues to improve in 2016 and is anticipated to remain stable in the near future. 

The Fed, in its September 21, 2016 meeting,
kept interest rates unchanged. Continued progress has been made with respect to the Fed s dual mandate of full employment
and price stability. Inflation continues to remain low, but the Fed appears ready and willing to increase the Federal Funds rate
before year-end. However, negative demographic trends and meager productivity growth constrain longer term growth prospects and
hold down the neutral interest rate, so further policy rate moves should be expected to take place at an extremely gradual pace.
Both 2016 and longer run GDP forecasts were lowered from 2.0% to 1.8% reflecting the reality of our low potential growth economy
and its likelihood of persisting. The path of projected Federal Funds rate was lowered to reflect one move in 2016, two moves in
2017, three in each of 2018 and 2019, and a longer run funds rate of 2.9% down from 3.0% in June. 

Economic activity in the second half of
the year so far appears to have stabilized after some of the worries of the first half. The advance Q3 real GDP report showed growth
surprising to the upside at +2.9% annualized versus a consensus forecast of +2.6% and +1.4% in Q2. The headline strength was driven
by a one-time boost in net exports due to soybean exports to South America and a positive, though small, contribution from inventory
growth. Other aspects of GDP growth were less strong; however, with a disappointing decrease in personal consumption from +4.3%
in Q2 to +2.1% in Q3 and with private fixed investment continuing to contract. 

Interest rates began the quarter at their
lowest levels since 2012 in the wake of the United Kingdom s vote to leave the European Union, but as it became clear that
negative fallout was less than expected and global economies marginally improved, interest rates moved modestly higher during the
quarter. The 10-year U.S. Treasury, which began the year at 2.27%, hit a low of 1.37% in early July and closed at 1.60% on September
30, 2016. 

With rates rising during the quarter as
fears over a pronounced economic slowdown and broad based negative fallout from the Brexit vote waned, Agency RMBS spreads versus
benchmark swap yields tightened in response to an improved fundamental and technical backdrop. Higher yields reduced some prepayment
uncertainty, lowered supply concerns and made Agency RMBS more attractive to both foreign yield based buyers and domestic banks.
Money managers increased their allocation to the sector while the Fed s reinvestment activity rose in response to larger
paydowns of existing holdings. Despite the loss on book value due to holding a positive duration gap in a rising rate period, the
Agency RMBS versus swap basis tightened by more than enough to offset this and resulted in an overall positive contribution to
book value from our hedged Agency RMBS position. 

Portfolio rebalancing during the quarter
consisted of selling seasoned higher coupon Agency RMBS that was at risk to faster prepayments in the post-Brexit rally, and replacing
that with newly issued lower coupon Agency RMBS that would be more insulated from prepayment related losses during the period of
elevated prepayments. Within the hedge book, we increased the overall duration gap of the portfolio through covering short positions
in front end Eurodollar futures contracts that we had entered into immediately after the Brexit vote, as the market had priced
any chance of tightening of the Federal Funds rate completely out of 2016 and much of 2017. These positions were covered when a
more reasonable probability of Federal Funds tightening was priced back into the front end of the U.S. rate market during the quarter. 

Mortgage credit spreads benefited from
both a rally in the broader credit markets as well as continued strong demand. The move higher in both high yield and investment
grade corporate credit over the quarter helped fuel demand in mortgage credit, which continues to exhibit compelling relative value. 
On the supply front, new issuance still falls drastically short of run-off, further exacerbating the supply/demand dynamic. 
During the quarter, we increased our portfolio allocation of credit with a focus on primarily floating rate and shorter duration
fixed rate securities.  We continue to participate in below investment grade, floating rate tranches in new issue transactions,
including credit risk transfer deals, where we believe historically tight underwriting standards provide superior loss protection. 
In legacy mortgage credit, we opportunistically added securities as well as rotated out of asset backed and legacy non-agency securities
that we believe had reached intrinsic value.  

The rise in savings rates since the financial
crisis, continued low interest rates, steady employment gains and a decline in energy costs have all contributed to significant
improvement in the consumer s balance sheet. This continues to fuel our optimism about the prospects of further housing recovery
and longer term moderate home price appreciation. The U.S. housing market still benefits from favorable supply/demand dynamics,
historically low mortgage rates and a willingness on the part of federal regulators at the Federal Housing Finance Agency ( FHFA )
to further credit expansion and assist household formation. However, we expect that, without an increase in median income, the
pace of home price appreciation is likely to moderate over the coming years. 

The market movements outlined above have
had a meaningful impact on our existing portfolio and may also have a significant impact on our operating results going forward.
We also believe that current market dynamics may impact the availability and cost of financing. We expect that overall market conditions
will continue to impact our operating results and will cause us to adjust our investment and financing strategies over time as
new opportunities emerge and the risk profiles of our business change. 

Recent Government Activity  

On January 12, 2016, the FHFA issued RIN
2590-AA39, Members of Federal Home Loan Banks (the  Final Rule ). The Final Rule, among other things, expressly excludes
captive insurance companies, such as MITT Insurance Company LLC ( MITT Insurance ), from being eligible for membership
in the Federal Home Loan Bank (the  FHLB ) system. Under the Final Rule, there is a one-year transition period from
the effective date, February 19, 2016 (the  Effective Date ), within which the FHLB must wind down its relationships
with any captive insurance companies that had been admitted to membership in the FHLB on or after September 12, 2014, including
MITT Insurance ( Excluded Captives ). The Final Rule also prevents the FHLB from making any new advances or extending
any existing advances to Excluded Captives after the Effective Date. In addition, upon the termination of membership, the FHLB
must liquidate all outstanding advances to Excluded Captives, settle all other business transactions, and repurchase or redeem
all FHLB stock held by the terminated Excluded Captive in accordance with the Final Rule. Therefore, MITT Insurance, along with
all other Excluded Captives, must completely wind down all business relationships with the FHLB, including the repayment of all
outstanding advances, prior to or simultaneously with the termination of MITT Insurance s membership with the Federal Home
Loan Bank of Cincinnati (the  FHLBC ) where it is a member. 

The adopting release for the Final Rule
expressly invited Congress to address the treatment of Excluded Captives with respect to membership in the FHLB. In October 2015,
Reps. Blaine Luetkemeyer (R-Mo.), Denny Heck (D-Wash.), Patrick McHenry (R-N.C.) and John Carney (D-Del.) introduced H.R. 3808,
a bill that would have preemptively prevented the FHFA from adopting the Final Rule. There can be no way of predicting if any subsequent
legislation addressing the status of Excluded Captives with respect to the FHLB will be proposed in either house of Congress, the
likelihood of passage of any such legislation, or the ultimate effects, if any, on the availability of short-term, low-cost funding
provided by the FHLBs to Excluded Captives subsequent to the enactment of any such legislation. 

We expect debate and discussion on residential
housing and mortgage reform to continue over the next few years, including, among other things, eliminating Freddie Mac and Fannie
Mae and replacing them with a single new entity. However, we cannot be certain if or when any housing finance reform bill will
emerge from committee or be approved by Congress, and if so, what the effects may be. Historically, significant legislation has
been difficult to pass in a presidential election year, and we cannot predict what effect the 2016 election cycle will have on
the progress of housing finance reform legislation. 

Results of operations   

Our operating results can be affected by
a number of factors and primarily depend on the size and composition of our investment portfolio, the level of our net interest
income, the market value of our assets and the supply of, and demand for, our target assets in the marketplace, which can be impacted
by unanticipated credit events, such as defaults, liquidations or delinquencies, experienced by borrowers whose mortgage loans
are included in our RMBS. Our primary source of net income available to common stockholders is our net interest income, less our
cost of hedging, which represents the difference between the interest earned on our investment portfolio and the costs of financing
and hedging our investment portfolio. Our net interest income varies primarily as a result of changes in market interest rates,
prepayment speeds, as measured by the Constant Prepayment Rate ( CPR ) on the Agency RMBS in our investment portfolio,
and our funding and hedging costs. 

The table below presents our consolidated
statement of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015: 

Net Income (Loss)    

Net income/(loss) available to common stockholders
increased $46.5 million from $(3.7) million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $42.8 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2016, and net income/(loss) available to common stockholders increased $50.5 million from $4.2 million for
the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $54.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 primarily due to higher
prices on our securities, which increased our  Unrealized gain/(loss) on real estate securities and loans, net,  coupled
with higher derivative prices, which increased our  Unrealized gain/(loss) on derivatives and other instruments, net.  

Interest income   

Interest income is calculated based on
the actual coupon rate and the outstanding principal balance of our GAAP investment portfolio and U.S. Treasury securities. 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016
compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015  

Interest income decreased by $2.9 million
from $33.5 million at September 30, 2015 to $30.6 million at September 30, 2016 primarily due to a decrease in the weighted average
cost of our GAAP investment portfolio, and U.S. Treasury securities period over period by $0.3 billion from $3.1 billion at September
30, 2015 to $2.8 billion at September 30, 2016. This was offset by an increase in the weighted average yield on our GAAP investment
portfolio and U.S. Treasury securities during the period of 0.05% from 4.30% at September 30, 2015 to 4.35% at September 30, 2016. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015  

Interest income decreased by $15.7 million
from $107.2 million at September 30, 2015 to $91.5 million at September 30, 2106 primarily due to a decrease in the weighted average
cost of our GAAP investment portfolio and U.S. Treasury securities, period over period, by $0.3 billion from $3.2 billion at September
30, 2015 to $2.9 billion at September 30, 2016. This was coupled with a decrease in the weighted average yield on our GAAP investment
portfolio and U.S. Treasury securities during the period of 0.26% from 4.45% at September 30, 2015 to 4.19% at September 30, 2016. 

Interest expense   

Interest expense is calculated based on
the actual financing rate and the outstanding financing balance of our GAAP investment portfolio and U.S. Treasury securities. 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016
compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015  

Interest expense remained relatively unchanged
at $8.5 million primarily due to an increase in the weighted average financing rate on our GAAP investment portfolio and U.S. Treasury
securities during the period, by 0.16% from 1.33% at September 30, 2015 to 1.49% at September 30, 2016, offset by a decrease
in the weighted average financing balance on our GAAP investment portfolio and U.S. Treasury securities during the period of $0.3
billion from $2.6 billion at September 30, 2015 to $2.3 billion at September 30, 2016. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015  

Interest expense increased by $1.9
million from $23.6 million at September 30, 2015 to $25.5 million at September 30, 2016 primarily due to an increase in the
weighted average financing rate on our GAAP investment portfolio and U.S. Treasury securities during the period, by 0.23%
from 1.19% at September 30, 2015 to 1.42% at September 30, 2016, offset by a decrease in the weighted average financing
balance on our GAAP investment portfolio and U.S. Treasury securities during the period by $0.2 billion from $2.6 billion at
September 30, 2015 to $2.4 billion at September 30, 2016. 

Net realized gain/(loss)   

Net realized gain/(loss) represents the
net gain or loss recognized on any sales out of our GAAP investment portfolio, Other assets, derivatives, or other instruments
as well as transfers to Other assets or OTTI charges recorded during the period. 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016
compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015  

During the three months ended September
30, 2016, net realized gain/(loss) was $9.6 million. We sold certain real estate securities and loans, realizing a net gain of
$9.9 million and $3.4 million, respectively. In addition, we recognized a $0.3 million realized gain on loans transferred to Other
assets and a $0.3 million realized gain on the sale of Other assets. We also recognized $0.4 million of realized gains due to the
settlement of TBAs, $3.7 million of realized loss due to the settlement of certain derivatives and other instruments, and $1.0
million of realized loss due to OTTI charges on certain securities. 

During the three months ended September
30, 2015, net realized gain/(loss) was $(4.7) million. We sold certain real estate securities, realizing a net gain of $1.3 million,
and settled TBAs, realizing a net loss of $0.6 million. Additionally, we recognized $2.0 million of realized loss due to the settlement
of certain derivatives and other instruments, and $3.4 million of realized loss due to OTTI charges on certain securities and loans. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015  

During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, net realized gain/(loss) was $(8.7) million. We sold certain real estate securities and loans, realizing a net gain of
$9.1 million and $3.4 million, respectively. In addition, we recognized a $0.3 million realized gain on loans transferred to Other
assets and a $0.3 million realized gain on the sale of Other assets. We also recognized $0.4 million of realized gains due to the
settlement of TBAs, $8.8 million of realized loss due to the settlement of certain derivatives and other instruments and $13.4
million of realized loss due to OTTI charges on certain securities. 

During the nine months ended September
30, 2015, net realized gain/(loss) was $(16.5) million. We sold certain real estate securities, realizing a net gain of $7.4 million,
and settled TBAs, realizing a net gain of $2.2 million. Additionally, we recognized $18.4 million of realized loss due to the settlement
of certain derivatives and other instruments and $7.7 million of realized loss due to OTTI charges on certain securities and loans. 

Realized loss on periodic interest
settlement of derivative instruments, net   

Realized loss on periodic interest settlement
of derivative instruments, net represents the net interest expense paid on our interest rate swaps. 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016
compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015  

Realized loss on periodic interest settlement
of derivative instruments, net decreased by $2.3 million from $3.3 million at September 30, 2015 to $1.0 million at September 30,
2016 due to a decrease in swap notional for the period, coupled with an increase in the 3 month LIBOR rate. We terminated $691.0
million notional of swaps from September 30, 2015 to September 30, 2016. In addition, 3 month LIBOR increased from 0.325% at September
30, 2015 to 0.854% at September 30, 2016. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015  

Realized loss on periodic interest settlement
of derivative instruments, net decreased by $5.0 million from $10.0 million at September 30, 2015 to $5.0 million at September
30, 2016 due to a decrease in swap notional for the period, coupled with an increase in the 3 month LIBOR rate. We terminated $691.0
million notional of swaps from September 30, 2015 to September 30, 2016. In addition, 3 month LIBOR increased from 0.325% at September
30, 2015 to 0.854% at September 30, 2016. 

Unrealized gain/(loss) on real estate
securities and loans, net   

Refer to the  Market and Interest
Rate Trends  section of this Item 2 for a discussion of the changes in market pricing which drive our  Unrealized gain/(loss)
on real estate securities and loans, net  and  Unrealized gain/(loss) on derivatives and other instruments, net 
line items. Realized gains and losses on sale also impact unrealized gains and losses. 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016
compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015  

For the three months ended September 30,
2016 and September 30, 2015, Unrealized gain/(loss) on real estate securities and loans, net was $13.5 million and $7.2 million,
respectively. The $13.5 million at September 30, 2016 was comprised of unrealized gains on securities of $16.7 million, offset
by unrealized losses on loans of $3.2 million during the period. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015  

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and September 30, 2015, Unrealized gain/(loss) on real estate securities and loans, net was $33.3 million and $(3.8) million,
respectively. The $33.3 million at September 30, 2016 was comprised of unrealized gains on securities of $36.2 million, offset
by unrealized losses on loans of $2.9 million during the period. 

Unrealized gain/(loss) on derivative
and other instruments, net   

Refer to the  Market and Interest
Rate Trends  section of this Item 2 for a discussion of the changes in market pricing which drive our  Unrealized gain/(loss)
on real estate securities and loans, net  and  Unrealized gain/(loss) on derivatives and other instruments, net 
line items. Realized gains and losses on sale also impact unrealized gains and losses. 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016
compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015  

For the three months ended September 30,
2016 and September 30, 2015, Unrealized gain/(loss) on derivative and other instruments, net was $7.0 million and $(19.5) million,
respectively. The $7.0 million at September 30, 2016 was comprised of unrealized gains on certain derivatives of $7.3 million,
offset by unrealized losses on TBAs of $0.3 million during the period. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015  

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and September 30, 2015, Unrealized gain/(loss) on derivative and other instruments, net was $(4.8) million and $(22.6) million,
respectively. The $(4.8) million at September 30, 2016 was comprised of unrealized losses on certain derivatives of $4.9 million,
offset by unrealized gains on TBAs of $0.1 million during the period. 

Other income   

Other income pertains to certain fees we
receive on our residential mortgage loans. 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016
compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015  

For the three months ended September 30,
2016 and September 30, 2015, Other income was $0.3 million and $13,425, respectively. The increase in Other income pertains to increased
fees we received on one of our residential mortgage loan pools. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015  

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and September 30, 2015, Other income was $0.4 million and $0.1 million, respectively. The increase in Other income pertains
to increased fees we received on one of our residential mortgage loan pools. 

Management fee to affiliate   

Our management fee is based upon a percentage
of our stockholders  equity after excluding unrealized gains or losses and other non-cash items. See the  Contractual
obligations  section of this Item 2 for further detail on the calculation of our management fee. 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016
compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015  

For the three months ended September 30,
2016 and September 30, 2015, our management fees were $2.4 million and $2.5 million, respectively. Management fees decreased slightly
due to the decrease in our stockholders  equity from $685.9 million at September 30, 2015 to $673.4 million at September
30, 2016. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015  

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and September 30, 2015, our management fees were $7.3 million and $7.5 million, respectively. Management fees decreased slightly
due to the decrease in our stockholders  equity from $685.9 million at September 30, 2015 to $673.4 million at September
30, 2016. 

Other operating expenses   

These amounts are primarily comprised of professional fees,
directors  and officers  ( D O ) insurance and director s fees, as well as certain expenses reimbursable
to the Manager. We are required to reimburse our Manager or its affiliates for operating expenses which are incurred by our Manager
or its affiliates on our behalf, including certain salary expenses and other expenses relating to legal, accounting, due diligence
and other services. 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016
compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015  

For the three months ended September 30,
2016 and September 30, 2015, other operating costs were $2.9 million and $3.4 million, respectively. The decrease of $0.5 million
is primarily a result of decreased amounts reimbursed to the Manager for certain deal related expenses as well as decreased fees
paid for D O insurance. 

Of the $2.9 million and $3.4 million of
Other operating expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively, the Company has expensed
$1.8 million and $2.1 million, respectively, representing a reimbursement of expenses to the Manager or its affiliates. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015  

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and September 30, 2015, other operating costs were $8.6 million and $9.8 million, respectively. The decrease of $1.2 million
is primarily a result of decreased amounts reimbursed to the Manager for certain deal related expenses. 

Of the $8.6 million and $9.8 million of
Other operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively, the Company has expensed
$5.3 million and $5.8 million, respectively, representing a reimbursement of expenses to the Manager or its affiliates. 

Servicing fees   

We incur servicing fee expenses in connection with the servicing
of our residential mortgage loans. We previously acquired three pools of residential mortgage loans and will continue to pay fees
as we hold these assets. 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016
compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015  

For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September
30, 2015, our servicing fees were $0.1 million and $0.2 million, respectively. The decrease in fees primarily pertains to sales
of residential mortgage loans during the period. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015  

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30,
2015, our servicing fees were $0.4 million and $0.6 million, respectively. The decrease in fees primarily pertains to sales of residential
mortgage loans during the period. 

Equity based compensation to affiliate   

Equity based compensation to affiliates represents the amortization
of the fair value of our restricted stock units remeasured quarterly, less the present value of dividends expected to be paid on
the underlying shares through the requisite service period. 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016
compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015  

For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September
30, 2015, our equity based compensation to affiliate remained relatively unchanged. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015  

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30,
2016, our equity based compensation to affiliate remained relatively unchanged. 

Excise tax   

Excise tax represents a four percent tax on the required amount
of our ordinary income and net capital gains not distributed during the year. The quarterly expense is calculated in accordance
with applicable tax regulations. 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016
compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015  

For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September
30, 2015, we recorded excise tax expense of $0.2 million and $0.3 million, respectively. The decrease pertains to an expected tax
refund in 2016 as a result of filing our 2015 tax return. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015  

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30,
2015, we recorded excise tax expense of $1.0 million and $1.1 million, respectively. The decrease pertains to an expected tax refund
in 2016 as a result of filing our 2015 tax return. 

Equity in earnings/(loss) from affiliates   

Equity in earnings/(loss) from affiliates represents our share
of earnings and profits of investments held within affiliated entities. A majority of these investments are comprised of real estate
securities, loans and our investment in AG Arc. 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016
compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015  

For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September
30, 2015, we recorded Equity in earnings/(loss) from affiliates of $0.5 million and $1.5 million, respectively. The decrease primarily
pertains to unrealized losses on investments held within affiliated entities. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015  

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and September 30, 2015, we recorded Equity in earnings/(loss) from affiliates of $1.2 million and $2.7 million, respectively.
The decrease primarily pertains to unrealized losses on investments held within affiliated entities. 

Book value per share  

As of September 30, 2016, December 31,
2015 and September 30, 2015, our book value per common share was $18.49, $17.88 and $18.47, respectively. 

Core Earnings  

We define core earnings, a non-GAAP financial
measure, as net income excluding both unrealized and realized gains/(losses) on the sale or termination of securities and the related
tax expense/benefit or disposition expense, if any, on such sale, including (i) investments held in affiliated entities and (ii)
derivatives. As defined, Core Earnings include the net interest and other income earned on these investments on a yield adjusted
basis, including credit derivatives, investments in debt and equity of affiliates, inverse Agency Interest-Only securities, interest
rate derivatives, TBA drop income or any other investment activity that may earn or pay net interest or its economic equivalent.
One of our objectives is to generate net income from net interest margin on the portfolio, and management uses Core Earnings to
measure this objective. Management believes that this non-GAAP measure, when considered with the Company s GAAP financials,
provides supplemental information useful for investors in evaluating our results of operations. Our presentation of Core Earnings
may not be comparable to similarly-titled measures of other companies, who may use different calculations. This non-GAAP measure
should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, the financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. Our GAAP
financial results and the reconciliations from these results should be carefully evaluated. Refer to the  Results of Operations 
section above for a detailed discussion of our GAAP financial results. 

A reconciliation of  Net Income/(loss)
available to common stockholders  to Core Earnings for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30,
2015 is set forth below: 

*For the three months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized $0.2 million or $0.01 per share of net income/(loss) attributed to our investment in AG Arc. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized $(0.3) million or $(0.01) per share of net income/(loss) attributed to our investment in AG Arc. We did not recognize any net income/(loss) on our investment in AG Arc for the three or nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Our investments  

In 2011, the risk-reward profile of investment
opportunities available to us supported the deployment of the vast majority of our capital in Agency RMBS. Labor, housing and economic
fundamentals, together with U.S. monetary policy, which was designed to keep interest rates low, supported our Agency RMBS investments
in this period. Overweighting of these investments was also favored by the relative ease of funding and superior liquidity. We
also acquired a limited amount of Non-Agency RMBS, ABS and CMBS assets for our investment portfolio during this period. 

In 2012, we began increasing our exposure
to credit investments and leveraging the broader Angelo, Gordon platform. Throughout the first quarter of 2013, we remained positioned
in Agency RMBS assets that we believed would perform well in an ongoing elevated prepayment environment. During the second quarter
of 2013, we elected to increase our hedging activity, perceiving the potential for an increase in interest rate volatility and
benchmark interest rates. We subsequently reduced our hedging activity, rotated into shorter duration Agency RMBS and continued
rotating assets away from Agency RMBS into credit investments, basing our decisions on a variety of factors, including liquidity,
duration, interest rate expectations and hedging. As a result, the mix of assets in our portfolio has shifted over time.  

As of September 30, 2016, we have a $2.7
billion GAAP investment portfolio which consists of $1.2 billion, or 44.5%, of assets in our GAAP Agency RMBS portfolio and $1.5
billion, or 55.5%, of assets in our GAAP credit portfolio. Our investment portfolio is $2.7 billion, which consists of $1.2 billion,
or 43.6%, of assets in our Agency RMBS portfolio and $1.5 billion, or 56.4%, of assets in our credit portfolio. The mix of assets
in our portfolio will continue to change in response to and in anticipation of market, liquidity, regulatory and economic conditions,
among others. 

This compares with a $2.8 billion GAAP
investment portfolio as of December 31, 2015 which consisted of $1.2 billion, or 43.4%, of assets in our GAAP Agency RMBS portfolio
and $1.6 billion, or 56.6%, of assets in our GAAP credit portfolio. Our investment portfolio was $2.9 billion, which consisted
of $1.3 billion, or 44.2% of assets in our Agency RMBS portfolio and $1.6 billion, or 55.8%, of assets in our credit portfolio
as of December 31, 2015. 

We evaluate investments in Agency RMBS
using factors including expected future prepayment trends, supply and demand, costs of financing, costs of hedging, expected future
interest rate volatility and the overall shape of the U.S. Treasury and interest rate swap yield curves. Prepayment speeds, as
reflected by the CPR and interest rates vary according to the type of investment, conditions in financial markets, competition
and other factors, none of which can be predicted with any certainty. In general, as prepayment speeds on our Agency RMBS portfolio
increase, the related purchase premium amortization increases, thereby reducing the net yield on such assets. 

Our credit investments are subject to risk
of loss with regard to principal and interest payments. We evaluate each investment based on the characteristics of the underlying
collateral and securitization structure. We maintain a comprehensive portfolio management process that generally includes day-to-day
oversight by the portfolio management team and a quarterly credit review process for each investment that examines the need for
a potential reduction in accretable yield, missed or late contractual payments, significant declines in collateral performance,
prepayments, projected defaults, loss severities and other data which may indicate a potential issue in our ability to recover
our capital from the investment. These processes are designed to enable our Manager to evaluate and proactively manage asset-specific
credit issues and identify credit trends on a portfolio-wide basis. Nevertheless, we cannot be certain that our review will identify
all issues within our portfolio due to, among other things, adverse economic conditions or events adversely affecting specific
assets. Therefore, potential future losses may also stem from investments that are not identified by our credit reviews. 

The following table presents a reconciliation
of our investment portfolio to our GAAP investment portfolio as of September 30, 2016: 

(1) Equity residuals, principal only securities and MSRs with a zero coupon rate are excluded from this calculation. 

 (2) Non-Agency RMBS with credit scores above 700, between 700 and 620 and below 620 at origination are classified as Prime, Alt-A, and Subprime, respectively. The weighted average credit scores of our Prime, Alt-A and Subprime Non-Agency RMBS were 725, 674 and 603, respectively. 

 (3) Included in Prime is $169.1 million fair market value of new issue securities. New issue is defined as being issued after 2010. Included in new issue prime is $79.3 million fair market value of Prime Jumbo securities. We define Prime Jumbo Securities as a prime security with an issuance year after 2010, an original rating of AAA and a weighted average original loan balance greater than the conforming loan limits published by the FHFA. 

 (4) Included in Alt-A is $81.1 million fair market value of new issue securities. New issue is defined as being issued after 2010. 

 (5) Included in Subprime is $34.9 million fair market value of new issue securities. New issue is defined as being issued after 2010. 

 (6) RPL/NPL MBS are collateralized by re-performing or non-performing loans whose deal structures contain an interest rate step-up feature. 

 (7) Whole loans purchased by an affiliate of our manager in securitized form. 

 (8) Actual maturities of investments and loans are generally shorter than stated contractual maturities. Maturities are affected by the contractual lives of the underlying mortgages, periodic payments of principal and prepayments of principal.   

The following table presents a reconciliation of our investment
portfolio to our GAAP investment portfolio as of December 31, 2015: 

(1)
Equity residuals, principal only securities and MSRs with a zero coupon rate are excluded from this calculation. 

 (2) Fixed Rate
30 Year TBA are excluded from this calculation.                         

 (3) Non-Agency RMBS with credit scores above 700, between 700 and 620 and below 620 at origination are classified as Prime, Alt-A, and Subprime, respectively. The weighted average credit scores of our Prime, Alt-A and Subprime Non-Agency RMBS were 725, 674
and 599, respectively. 

 (4) Included in Prime is $169.5 million fair market value of new issue securities. New issue is defined
as being issued after 2010. Included in new issue prime is $108.3 million fair market value of Prime Jumbo securities. We define
Prime Jumbo Securities as a prime security with an issuance year after 2010, an original rating of AAA and a weighted average
original loan balance greater than the conforming loan limits published by the FHFA. 

 (5) Included in Alt-A is $65.9 million fair
market value of new issue securities. New issue is defined as being issued after 2010.            

(6) Included in Subprime is $35.4 million fair market value of new issue securities. New issue is defined as being
issued after 2010.                 

 (7) RPL/NPL MBS are collateralized by re-performing
or non-performing loans whose deal structures contain an interest rate step-up feature.           

(8) Whole loans purchased by an affiliate of our manager in securitized form.            

(9)
Actual maturities of investments and loans are generally shorter than stated contractual maturities. Maturities are affected by
the contractual lives of the underlying mortgages, periodic payments of principal and prepayments of principal. 

The following table presents certain information grouped by
vintage as it relates to our credit securities portfolio as of September 30, 2016. We have also presented a reconciliation to GAAP. 

(1) Equity residual investments and principal only securities are excluded from this calculation. 

 (2) Actual maturities of mortgage-backed securities are generally shorter than stated contractual maturities. Actual maturities are affected by the contractual lives of the underlying mortgages, periodic payments of principal and prepayments of principal.   

The following table presents certain information
grouped by vintage as it relates to our credit securities portfolio as of December 31, 2015. We have also presented a reconciliation
to GAAP. 

(1) Equity residual investments and principal only securities are excluded from this calculation. 

 (2) Actual maturities of mortgage-backed securities are generally shorter than stated contractual maturities. Actual maturities are affected by the contractual lives of the underlying mortgages, periodic payments of principal and prepayments of principal.   

The following table presents the fair value
of our credit securities portfolio by credit rating as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

The following table presents the CPR experienced
on our Agency RMBS portfolio (excluding TBAs), on an annualized basis, for the quarterly periods presented: 

Financing activities  

We use leverage to complete the purchase
of real estate securities and loans in our investment portfolio. Through September 30, 2016, leverage has been in the form of repurchase
agreements, securitized debt, loan participations payable and, for a portion of the first quarter of 2016, FHLBC Advances. Repurchase
agreements involve the sale and a simultaneous agreement to repurchase the transferred assets or similar assets at a future date.
FHLBC Advances involved loan advances made to us by the FHLBC in exchange for the pledge of our real estate securities as collateral.
The amount borrowed generally is equal to the fair value of the assets pledged less an agreed-upon discount, referred to as a  haircut. 
The size of the haircut reflects the perceived risk associated with the pledged asset. Haircuts may change as our repurchase agreements
mature or roll and are sensitive to governmental regulations. We have not experienced fluctuations in our haircuts that altered
our business and financing strategies for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, but we continue to monitor the regulatory
environment, which may influence the timing and amount of our repurchase agreement activity. We seek to obtain financing from several
different counterparties in order to reduce our financing risk related to any single counterparty. We had outstanding debt with
22 and 21 counterparties at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, on a GAAP basis. 

In January 2016, the FHFA issued the Final
Rule, which expressly excludes captive insurance companies, including our captive insurance subsidiary from being eligible for
membership in the FHLBC and prevents the FHLBC from making any new advances or extending any existing advances to MITT Insurance.
Under the Final Rule, MITT Insurance must wind down its membership with the FHLBC by February 19, 2017. As of September 30, 2016,
we had no FHLBC Advances outstanding. 

Our repurchase agreements and FHLBC Advances
are accounted for as financings and require the repurchase of the transferred securities or loans or repayment of the advance at
the end of each agreement s term, typically 30 to 90 days. If we maintain the beneficial interest in the specific assets
pledged during the term of the borrowing, we receive the related principal and interest payments. If we do not maintain the beneficial
interest in the specific assets pledged during the term of the borrowing, we will have the related principal and interest payments
remitted to us by the lender. Interest rates on borrowings are fixed based on prevailing rates corresponding to the terms of the
borrowings, and interest is paid at the termination of the borrowing at which time we may enter into a new borrowing arrangement
at prevailing market rates with the same counterparty or repay that counterparty and negotiate financing with a different counterparty.
In response to declines in fair value of pledged assets due to changes in market conditions or the publishing of monthly security
paydown factors, lenders typically require us to post additional assets as collateral, pay down borrowings or establish cash margin
accounts with the counterparties in order to re-establish the agreed-upon collateral requirements, referred to as margin calls.
As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we have met all margin call requirements. 

Subject to maintaining our qualification
as a REIT and our Investment Company Act exemption, to the extent leverage is deployed, we utilize derivative financial instruments
(or hedging instruments), including interest rate swaps, swaption agreements, synthetic IO Indexes, Futures, and other financial
instruments such as Agency Interest-Only securities and U.S. Treasury securities, in an effort to hedge the interest rate risk
associated with the financing of our portfolio. Specifically, we may seek to hedge our exposure to potential interest rate mismatches
between the interest we earn on our investments and our borrowing costs caused by fluctuations in short-term interest rates. In
utilizing leverage and interest rate hedges, our objectives are to improve risk-adjusted returns and, where possible, to lock in,
on a long-term basis, a spread between the yield on our assets and the cost of our financing and hedging. 

The following table presents the quarter-end
balance, average quarterly balance and maximum balance at any month-end for the Company s repurchase agreements on its investment
portfolio and U.S Treasury securities, FHLBC Advances inclusive of unlinked repurchase agreements and repurchase agreements through
affiliated entities, and excluding any financing utilized in our investment in AG Arc, with a reconciliation of all quarterly figures
to GAAP. Refer to the  Hedging Activities  section below for more information on repurchase agreements secured by U.S.
Treasury securities. 

As noted, we finance the purchase of our
investments with repurchase agreements. It can be reasonably expected that our repurchase agreement balance will increase as the
size of our portfolio increases through equity capital raises and decrease as a result of our portfolio decreasing due to asset
sales, principal paydowns, and through the gradual increase of our investment allocation to credit investments. Since September
30, 2013, our investment portfolio has decreased $1.1 billion, from $3.8 billion to $2.7 billion. Accordingly our average quarterly
repurchase agreement balance has declined $1.1 billion, from $3.3 billion to $2.2 billion. This is due mainly to our credit portfolio
increasing from 29.0% of our investment portfolio as of September 30, 2013 to 56.4% as of September 30, 2016. Credit investments,
due to their elevated risk profile, have lower allowable leverage ratios than Agency RMBS, which restricts our financing counterparties
from providing as much repurchase agreement financing and lowers our total repurchase agreement balance. 

Master Repurchase Agreements on our
Investment Portfolio  

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, we have entered into master repurchase agreements on our investment portfolio with 38 counterparties, under which we had
outstanding debt with 22 and 21 counterparties, respectively, inclusive of repurchase agreements in affiliated entities. See Note
6 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) for a description of our material master repurchase agreements. 

Our MRAs generally include customary representations,
warranties, and covenants, but may also contain more restrictive supplemental terms and conditions. Although specific to each MRA,
typical supplemental terms include requirements of minimum equity, leverage ratios, performance triggers or other financial ratios. 

The following table presents the reconciliation
of certain financial information related to repurchase agreements secured by real estate securities to information on a GAAP basis
as of September 30, 2016: 

The following table presents the reconciliation
of certain financial information related to repurchase agreements secured by real estate securities to information on a GAAP basis
as of December 31, 2015: 

The increase in the balance of our repurchase
agreements from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016 was primarily driven by the Final Rule, which prevented us from receiving
any additional financing from the FHLB. In order to continue to finance our real estate securities, we substituted repurchase agreement
financing for the $396.9 million of FHLB financing that we lost. We did not have any FHLBC Advances as of September 30, 2016. 

The following table presents certain financial
information related to FHLBC Advances secured by Agency RMBS, as of December 31, 2015: 

The following table presents the reconciliation
of certain financial information related to repurchase agreements secured by residential mortgage loans and real estate owned to
information on a GAAP basis as of September 30, 2016: 

The following table presents the reconciliation
of certain financial information related to repurchase agreements secured by residential mortgage loans and real estate owned to
information on a GAAP basis as of December 31, 2015: 

(1)
As of December 31, 2015, we had a total of $88.2 million of collateral pledged, comprised of $64.9 million of financial instruments
and $23.3 million of cash from loan sales, which at December 31, 2015 was held by our broker. The Non-GAAP and GAAP haircut based
on total collateral pledged is 30.1% and 31.1%, respectively, as of December 31, 2015. 

The primary difference between our repurchase
agreements at December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016 pertains to financing repaid in January 2016 on certain residential mortgage
loans sold in December of 2015. 

The following table presents certain financial
information related to repurchase agreements secured by commercial loans as of September 30, 2016: 

The following table presents certain financial information related
to repurchase agreements secured by commercial loans as of December 31, 2015: 

The balance of our outstanding repurchase
agreements on commercial loans declined from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016 with the pay-off of a commercial mortgage
loan during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the termination of the associated financing. 

Other financing transactions  

In 2014, we entered into a resecuritization
transaction, pursuant to which we created a special purpose entity ( SPE ) to facilitate the transaction (the  Resecuritization ).
We determined that the SPE was a variable interest entity ( VIE ) and that the VIE should be consolidated by us under
ASC 810-10 and treated as a secured borrowing (the  Consolidated VIE ). As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
the principal balance of the consolidated tranche was $24.7 million and $30.4 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, the fair value of the consolidated tranche issued by the Consolidated VIE was $24.4 million and $30.0 million,
respectively, which is classified as an asset in the  Non-Agency  line item and as a liability in the  Securitized
debt, at fair value  line item on our consolidated balance sheet. The cost of financing on September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015 on the consolidated tranche was 3.23% and 3.67%, respectively. See Note 2 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(unaudited) for more detail. 

In February 2016, we originated a $12.0
million commercial loan and, at closing, transferred a 15.0% or $1.8 million participation interest in the loan (the  Participation
Interest ) to an unaffiliated third party. The Participation Interest bears interest at a rate of LIBOR+ 10.00% with a LIBOR
floor of 0.25%. We determined that the Participation Interest should be consolidated under ASC 860 due to the fact that the sale
of the Participation Interest did not meet the sales criteria established under ASC 860. As of September 30, 2016, the commercial
loan had a balance of $12.0 million, which is classified as an asset in the  Commercial loans, at fair value  line
item, and a $1.8 million liability was recorded in the  Loan participation payable, at fair value  line item on our
consolidated balance sheet representing the transfer of the Participation Interest. On September 30, 2016, the cost of financing
on the Participation Interest was 24.2%. 

Leverage  

We define GAAP leverage as the sum of:
(i) our GAAP repurchase agreements, (ii) FHLBC Advances, if any, (iii) the amount payable on purchases that have not yet settled
less the financing remaining on sales that have not yet settled, (iv) the consolidated tranche issued by the Consolidated VIE,
and (v) the Participation Interest. Non-GAAP leverage adds repurchase agreements held through affiliated entities but exclusive
of any financing utilized through AG Arc to GAAP leverage. We define  non-GAAP  at risk  leverage  as non-GAAP
leverage inclusive of our net TBA position (at cost). Our calculations of each type of leverage exclude repurchase agreements and
net receivables/payables on unsettled trades pertaining to U.S. Treasury securities due to the highly liquid and temporary nature
of these investments. The calculations in the tables below divide our leverage calculations by our GAAP stockholders equity to
derive our leverage ratios. The following tables present a reconciliation of our non-GAAP leverage ratio and our non-GAAP  at
risk  leverage ratio back to GAAP. 

Hedging activities  

We utilize multiple instruments as a means
to mitigate the interest rate risk of our investment portfolio. As of September 30, 2016 we had entered into $369.0 million notional
amount of interest rate swaps, $100.0 million notional amount of long positions in U.S. Treasury securities, $45.0 million notional
amount of short positions in U.S. Treasury securities, $17.5 million notional amount of long positions in U.S. treasury futures,
$300.0 million notional amount of long positions in Eurodollar futures and $300.0 million notional amount of short positions in
Eurodollar futures. 

The following table presents the fair value
of our derivative and other instruments and their balance sheet location at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

(1) The Company's obligation to return securities borrowed under reverse repurchase agreements as of September 30, 2016 relates to securities borrowed to cover short sales of U.S. Treasury securities. The change in fair value of the borrowed securities is recorded in the  Unrealized gain/(loss) on derivatives and other instruments, net  line item in the Company's consolidated statement of operations. 

The following table summarizes information related to derivatives
and other instruments: 

(1) Each Eurodollar Future contract embodies $1.0 million of notional value. 

 (2) Each U.S. Treasury Future contract
embodies $100,000 of notional value.             

The following table summarizes gains/(losses) related to derivatives
and other instruments: 

The following table summarizes the weighted average life related
to derivatives and other instruments: 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, we had outstanding debt with 1 counterparty related to repurchase agreements secured by interests in U.S. Treasury securities. 

The following table presents certain financial information related
to repurchase agreements secured by interests in U.S. Treasury securities as of September 30, 2016: 

The following table presents certain financial information
related to repurchase agreements secured by interests in U.S. Treasury securities as of December 31, 2015: 

Interest rate swaps  

To help mitigate exposure to increases
in short-term interest rates, we use currently-paying and may use forward-starting, one- or three-month LIBOR-indexed, pay-fixed,
receive-variable, interest rate swap agreements. This arrangement hedges our exposure to higher short-term interest rates because
the variable-rate payments received on the swap agreements largely offset additional interest accruing on the related borrowings
due to the higher interest rate, leaving the fixed-rate payments to be paid on the swap agreements as our effective borrowing rate,
subject to certain adjustments including changes in spreads between variable rates on the swap agreements and actual borrowing
rates 

As of September 30, 2016, our interest
rate swap positions consist of pay-fixed interest rate swaps. The following table presents information about the Company s
interest rate swaps as of September 30, 2016: 

The following table presents information about the Company s
interest rate swaps as of December 31, 2015: 

Dividends  

We intend to continue to make regular quarterly
distributions to holders of our common stock if and to the extent authorized by our board of directors. Federal income tax law
generally requires that (i) a REIT distribute annually at least 90% of its REIT ordinary taxable income, without regard to the
deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gains and (ii) that it pay tax at regular corporate rates to the extent
that it annually distributes less than 100% of its net taxable income. Before we pay any dividend, whether for U.S. federal income
tax purposes or otherwise, we must first meet both our operating requirements and debt service on our repurchase agreements and
other debt payable. If our cash available for distribution is less than our net taxable income, we could be required to sell assets
or borrow funds to make cash distributions or we may make a portion of the required distribution in the form of a taxable stock
distribution or distribution of debt securities. In addition, prior to the time we have fully deployed the net proceeds of any
follow-on offerings to acquire assets in our target asset classes, we may fund our quarterly distributions out of such net proceeds. 

As mentioned above, our distribution requirements
are based on taxable income rather than GAAP net income. The primary differences between taxable income and GAAP net income include
(i) unrealized gains and losses associated with investment and derivative portfolios which are marked-to-market in current income
for GAAP purposes, but excluded from taxable income until realized or settled, (ii) temporary differences related to amortization
of premiums and discounts paid on investments, (iii) the timing and amount of deductions related to stock-based compensation, (iv)
temporary differences related to the recognition of certain terminated derivatives and (v) taxes. Undistributed taxable income
is based on current estimates and is not finalized until we file our annual tax return, typically in September of the following
fiscal year. As of September 30, 2016 the Company had undistributed taxable income of approximately $1.99 per share. 

The following table details our common
stock dividends during the nine month ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015: 

The following tables detail our preferred stock dividends during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and September 30, 2015: 

Liquidity and capital resources  

Our liquidity determines our ability to
meet our cash obligations, including commitments to make distributions to our stockholders, pay our expenses, finance our investments
and satisfy other general business needs. Our principal sources of cash as of September 30, 2016 consist of borrowings under repurchase
agreements, payments of principal and interest we receive on our Agency RMBS and credit portfolio, cash generated from our operating
results, and proceeds from capital market transactions. We typically use cash to repay principal and interest on our repurchase
agreements, to purchase real estate securities, loans and other real estate related assets, to make dividend payments on our capital
stock, and to fund our operations. At September 30, 2016, we had $143.2 million available to support our liquidity needs, comprised
of $46.0 million of cash, $66.1 million of Agency RMBS, and $31.1 million of Agency Interest-Only securities that have not been
pledged as collateral under any of our financing agreements. We use leverage on certain of our assets to increase potential returns
to our stockholders. Refer to the  Contractual obligations  section of this Item 2 for additional obligations that
could impact our liquidity. 

Leverage  

The amount of leverage we may deploy for
particular assets depends upon our Manager s assessment of the credit and other risks of those assets, and also depends on
any limitations placed upon us through covenants contained in our master repurchase agreements. We generate income principally
from the yields earned on our investments and, to the extent that leverage is deployed, on the difference between the yields earned
on our investments and our cost of borrowing and the cost of any hedging activities. Subject to maintaining both our qualification
as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes and our Investment Company Act exemption, to the extent leverage is deployed, we
may use a number of sources to finance our investments. 

We have entered into MRAs with 38 counterparties,
allowing us to utilize leverage in our operations. As of September 30, 2016, we had debt outstanding of $2.2 billion from 22 counterparties,
inclusive of repurchase agreements through affiliated entities. The borrowings under repurchase agreements have maturities between
October 3, 2016 and September 17, 2019. These agreements generally include customary representations, warranties, and covenants,
but may also contain more restrictive supplemental terms and conditions. Although specific to each lending agreement, typical supplemental
terms include requirements of minimum equity, leverage ratios, performance triggers or other financial ratios. If we fail to meet
or satisfy any covenants, supplemental terms or representations and warranties, we would be in default under these agreements and
our lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under the agreements to be immediately due and payable, enforce their
respective interests against collateral pledged under such agreements and restrict our ability to make additional borrowings. Certain
financing agreements may contain cross-default provisions, so that if a default occurs under any one agreement, the lenders under
our other agreements could also declare a default. As of September 30, 2016 our Non-GAAP  at risk , Non-GAAP and GAAP
debt-to-equity leverage ratios were 3.2 to 1, 3.2 to 1 and 3.2 to 1, respectively. 

Under our repurchase agreements, we may
be required to pledge additional assets to our lenders in the event the estimated fair value of the existing pledged collateral
under such agreements declines and such lenders demand additional collateral, which may take the form of additional securities
or cash. Certain securities that are pledged as collateral under our repurchase agreements are in unrealized loss positions. 

The following table presents contractual
maturity information for our repurchase agreements and FHLBC Advances, if applicable, at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

As of September 30, 2016, we had no advances
outstanding with the FHLBC, and as a result of the Final Rule, can no longer rely on FHLBC Advances for liquidity. The Final Rule
has not had a material impact on our liquidity or our ability to satisfy our financial obligations as they become due. 

As described above in the  Financing
activities  section of this Item 2, we entered into the Resecuritization in 2014 that resulted in the consolidation of the
VIE created with the SPE. We recorded the proceeds from the issuance of the secured financing in the  Cash Flows from Financing
Activities  section of the consolidated statement of cash flows. See Note 3 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(unaudited) for more detail. 

As described above in the  Financing
activities  section of this Item 2, we originated a $12.0 million commercial loan and transferred the Participation Interest
to an unaffiliated third party. We recorded proceeds from the transfer in the  Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
section of the consolidated statement of cash flows. As of September 30, 2016, the commercial loan had a balance of $12.0 million. 

The following table presents information
at September 30, 2016 with respect to each counterparty that provides us with financing for which we had greater than 5% of our
stockholders  equity at risk. 

The following table presents information
at December 31, 2015 with respect to each counterparty that provides us with financing for which we had greater than 5% of our
stockholders  equity at risk. 

Margin Requirements  

The value of our real estate securities
and loans fluctuate according to market conditions. When the value of the assets pledged to secure a repurchase agreement decreases
to the point where the difference between the collateral value and the repurchase agreement amount is less than the haircut, our
lenders may issue a  margin call,  which requires us to post additional collateral to the lender in the form of additional
assets or cash. Under our repurchase facilities, our lenders have full discretion to determine the value of the securities we pledge
to them. Our lenders typically value assets based on recent trades in the market. Lenders also issue margin calls as the published
current principal balance factors change on the pool of mortgages underlying the securities pledged as collateral when scheduled
and unscheduled paydowns are announced monthly. We experience margin calls in the ordinary course of our business. In seeking to
manage effectively the margin requirements established by our lenders, we maintain a position of cash and unpledged Agency RMBS.
We refer to this position as our  liquidity.  The level of liquidity we have available to meet margin calls is directly
affected by our leverage levels, our haircuts and the price changes on our securities. If interest rates increase or if credit
spreads widen, then the prices of our collateral (and our unpledged assets that constitute our liquidity) will decline, we will
experience margin calls, and we will need to use our liquidity to meet the margin calls. There can be no assurance that we will
maintain sufficient levels of liquidity to meet any margin calls. If our haircuts increase, our liquidity will proportionately
decrease. In addition, if we increase our borrowings, our liquidity will decrease by the amount of additional haircut on the increased
level of indebtedness. We intend to maintain a level of liquidity in relation to our assets that enables us to meet reasonably
anticipated margin calls but that also allows us to be substantially invested in securities. We may misjudge the appropriate amount
of our liquidity by maintaining excessive liquidity, which would lower our investment returns, or by maintaining insufficient liquidity,
which would force us to liquidate assets into potentially unfavorable market conditions and harm our results of operations and
financial condition. Further, an unexpected rise in interest rates and a corresponding fall in the market value of our securities
may also force us to liquidate assets under difficult market conditions, thereby harming our results of operations and financial
condition, in an effort to maintain sufficient liquidity to meet increased margin calls. 

Similar to the margin calls that we receive
on our borrowing agreements, we may also receive margin calls on our derivative instruments when their values decline. This typically
occurs when prevailing market rates change adversely, with the severity of the change also dependent on the terms of the derivatives
involved. Our posting of collateral with our counterparties can be done in cash or securities, and is generally bilateral, which
means that if the value of our interest rate hedges increases, our counterparty will be required to post collateral with us. 

Stock Repurchase Program  

In November 2015, our board of directors
authorized a stock repurchase program (the  Repurchase Program ) to repurchase up to $25.0 million of our outstanding
common stock. Such authorization does not have an expiration date. As part of the Repurchase Program, shares may be purchased in
open market transactions, including through block purchases, through privately negotiated transactions, or pursuant to any trading
plan that may be adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act. Open market repurchases will be made in accordance
with Exchange Act Rule 10b-18, which sets certain restrictions on the method, timing, price and volume of open market stock repurchases.
Subject to applicable securities laws, the timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases of common stock under the Repurchase
Program may be determined by us in our discretion, using available cash resources. The Repurchase Program may be suspended or discontinued
by us at any time without prior notice, and the authorization does not obligate us to acquire any particular amount of common stock.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we repurchased 614,695 shares of common stock at a total cost of approximately
$8.7 million and at an average cost per share of $14.20, including brokerage, commissions and clearing fees. As of September 30,
2016, approximately $14.6 million of common stock remained authorized for future share repurchases under the Repurchase Program.
Like other investments we may make, any repurchases of our common stock under this authorization would reduce our available liquidity.
We did not repurchase any shares for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Forward-looking statements regarding
liquidity  

Based upon our current portfolio, leverage
and available borrowing arrangements, we believe that the net proceeds of our common equity offerings, preferred equity offerings,
and private placements, combined with cash flow from operations and our available borrowing capacity will be sufficient to enable
us to meet our anticipated liquidity requirements, including funding our investment activities, paying fees under our management
agreement, funding our distributions to stockholders and paying general corporate expenses. 

Contractual obligations  

Management Agreement  

On June 29, 2011, we entered into an agreement
with our Manager pursuant to which our Manager is entitled to receive a management fee and the reimbursement of certain expenses.
The management fee is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears in an amount equal to 1.50% of our Stockholder s Equity,
per annum. 

For purposes of calculating the management
fee,  Stockholders  Equity  means the sum of the net proceeds from any issuances of equity securities (including
preferred securities) since inception (allocated on a pro rata daily basis for such issuances during the fiscal quarter of any
such issuance, and excluding any future equity issuance to the Manager), plus our retained earnings at the end of such quarter
(without taking into account any non-cash equity compensation expense or other non-cash items described below incurred in current
or prior periods), less any amount that we pay for repurchases of our common stock, excluding any unrealized gains, losses or other
non-cash items that have impacted stockholders  equity as reported in our financial statements prepared in accordance with
GAAP, regardless of whether such items are included in other comprehensive income or loss, or in net income, and excluding one-time
events pursuant to changes in GAAP, and certain other non-cash charges after discussions between the Manager and our independent
directors and after approval by a majority of our independent directors. Stockholders  Equity, for purposes of calculating
the management fee, could be greater or less than the amount of stockholders  equity shown on our financial statements. For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we incurred management fees of approximately $2.4 million and $7.3 million,
respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we incurred management fees of approximately $2.5 million
and $7.5 million, respectively. 

Our Manager uses the proceeds from its
management fee in part to pay compensation to its officers and personnel, who, notwithstanding that certain of them also are our
officers, receive no compensation directly from us. We are required to reimburse our Manager or its affiliates for operating expenses
which are incurred by our Manager or its affiliates on our behalf, including certain salary expenses and other expenses relating
to legal, accounting, due diligence and other services. Our reimbursement obligation is not subject to any dollar limitation; however,
the reimbursement is subject to an annual budget process which combines guidelines from the Management Agreement with oversight
by our board of directors. Of the $2.9 million and $8.6 million of Other operating expenses for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, respectively, we have expensed $1.8 million and $5.3 million, respectively, representing a reimbursement of
expenses. Of the $3.4 million and $9.8 million of Other operating expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015,
respectively, we have expensed $2.1 million and $5.8 million, respectively, representing a reimbursement of expenses. 

Share-based compensation  

Pursuant to the Manager Equity Incentive
Plan and the Equity Incentive Plan, we can award up to 277,500 shares of common stock to our directors, officers, advisors, consultants
and other personnel and to our Manager. As of September 30, 2016, 135,494 shares of common stock were available to be awarded under
the equity incentive plans. Awards under the equity incentive plans are forfeitable until they become vested. An award will become
vested only if the vesting conditions set forth in the applicable award agreement (as determined by the compensation committee)
are satisfied. The vesting conditions may include performance of services for a specified period, achievement of performance goals,
or a combination of both. The compensation committee also has the authority to provide for accelerated vesting of an award upon
the occurrence of certain events in its discretion. 

As of September 30, 2016, we have granted
an aggregate of 41,756 shares of restricted common stock to our independent directors and 100,250 shares of restricted common stock
to our Manager under our equity incentive plans. As of September 30, 2016, 122,003 shares of restricted common stock granted to
our Manager and independent directors have vested. 

On July 1, 2014, we granted 60,000 restricted
stock units to our Manager that represent the right to receive an equivalent number of shares of our common stock to be issued
if and when such units vest. Annual vesting of approximately 20,000 units occurred or will occur on each of July 1, 2015, July
1, 2016, and July 1, 2017. The units do not entitle the participant the rights of a holder of the Company s common stock,
such as dividend and voting rights, until shares are issued in settlement of the vested units. The vesting of such units is subject
to the continuation of the management agreement. If the management agreement terminates, all unvested units then held by our Manager
or its transferee shall be immediately cancelled and forfeited without consideration. On each of July 1, 2015 and July 1, 2016,
approximately 20,000 restricted stock units vested, and as of September 30, 2016, approximately 20,000 units remained unvested. 

Arc Home  

On December 9, 2015, we, alongside private
funds under the management of Angelo, Gordon, through AG Arc, entered into the LLC Agreement of Arc Home. The capital commitment
to Arc Home is $30.0 million of which our share is $13.4 million. We have funded all of this commitment as of September 30, 2016. 

Other  

We have presented a table that details
the contractual maturity of our financing arrangements at September 30, 2016 in the  Liquidity and capital resources 
section for this Item 2. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we are obligated to pay accrued interest on our repurchase
agreements in the amount of $2.7 million and $2.7 million, respectively, inclusive of accrued interest accounted for through investments
in debt and equity of affiliates, and exclusive of accrued interest on any financing utilized through AG Arc. 

Off-balance sheet arrangements  

We have entered into TBA positions to facilitate
the future purchase or sale of Agency RMBS. We record TBA purchases and sales on the trade date and present the purchase or receipt
net of the corresponding payable or receivable until the settlement date of the transaction. Our maximum exposure to loss related
to our TBAs is the net payable amount on our TBA transactions until the settlement date. As of September 30, 2016, our maximum
exposure to loss on TBAs was $0.1 million. 

Our investments in debt and equity of affiliates
are comprised of real estate securities and loans, our interest in AG Arc, associated repurchase agreements and interest receivable/payable
on such accounts. Investments in debt and equity of affiliates are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. As of September
30, 2016, our maximum exposure to loss on investments in debt and equity of affiliates was $71.8 million. 

Certain related person transactions  

Our board of directors has adopted a policy
regarding the approval of any  related person transaction,  which is any transaction or series of transactions in which
(i) we or any of our subsidiaries is or are to be a participant, (ii) the amount involved exceeds $120,000, and (iii) a  related
person  (as defined under SEC rules) has a direct or indirect material interest. Under the policy, a related person would
need to promptly disclose to our Secretary or Assistant Secretary any related person transaction and all material facts about the
transaction. Our Secretary or Assistant Secretary, in consultation with outside counsel, to the extent appropriate, would then
assess and promptly communicate that information to the audit committee of our board of directors. Based on its consideration of
all of the relevant facts and circumstances, the audit committee will review, approve or ratify such transactions as appropriate.
The audit committee will not approve or ratify a related person transaction unless it shall have determined that such transaction
is in, or is not inconsistent with, our best interests and does not create a conflict of interest. If we become aware of an existing
related person transaction that has not been approved under this policy, the transaction will be referred to the audit committee
which will evaluate all options available, including ratification, revision or termination of such transaction. Our policy requires
any director who may be interested in a related person transaction to recuse himself or herself from any consideration of such
related person transaction. 

Grants of restricted common stock  

As of September 30, 2016, we have granted
an aggregate of 41,756 shares of restricted common stock to our independent directors and 100,250 shares of restricted common stock
to our Manager under our equity incentive plans. As of September 30, 2016, 122,003 shares of restricted common stock granted to
our Manager and independent directors have vested. See Note 10 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) for
further detail on restricted stock grants. 

Red Creek  

In connection with our investments in residential
loans and Securitized Whole Loans, we engage asset managers to provide advisory, consultation, asset management and other services
to formulate and implement strategic plans to manage, collect and dispose of loans in a manner that is reasonably expected to maximize
the amount of proceeds from each loan. Beginning in November 2015, we engaged Red Creek Asset Management LLC ( Asset Manager ),
an affiliate of the Manager and direct subsidiary of Angelo, Gordon, as the asset manager for certain of our residential loans
and Securitized Whole Loans. The Asset Manager acknowledges that we will at all times have and retain ownership and control of
all loans and that the Asset Manager will not acquire (i) title to any loan, (ii) any security interest in any loan, or (iii) any
other rights or interests of any kind or any nature whatsoever in or to any loan. We pay separate arm s-length asset management
fees (as assessed and confirmed by a third party valuation firm) for the Asset Manager s services related to non-performing
loans and reperforming loans. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the fees paid by us to the Asset Manager, inclusive
of fees paid through affiliated entities, totaled less than $120,000. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the fees paid
by us to the Asset Manager, inclusive of fees paid through affiliated entities, totaled $0.2 million. No fees were paid to the
Asset Manager for the three or nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Arc Home  

On December 9, 2015, we, alongside private
funds under the management of Angelo, Gordon, through AG Arc, entered into the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement
of Arc Home LLC ( Arc Home ), a Delaware limited liability company. Arc Home, through its subsidiary, originates conforming,
FHA and Jumbo residential mortgage loans and retains the associated mortgage servicing rights, as well as purchases additional
mortgage servicing rights from third-party sellers and is led by an external management team. Our investment in Arc Home, which
is conducted through AG Arc, one of our subsidiaries, is reflected on the  Investments in debt and equity of affiliates 
line item on our consolidated balance sheet and had a fair value of $12.9 and $(0.3) million on September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, respectively. 

On March 8, 2016, an affiliate of the Manager
( the Affiliate ) became a member of AG Arc. The Affiliate acquired an ownership interest in AG Arc which resulted
in our ownership interest being reduced on a pro-rata basis. As a result of the Affiliate becoming a member of AG Arc, our overall
commitment to Arc Home was reduced to $13.4 million. 

Management agreement  

On June 29, 2011 we entered into a management
agreement with our Manager, which governs the relationship between us and our Manager and describes the services to be provided
by our Manager and its compensation for those services. The terms of our management agreement, including the fees payable by us
to Angelo, Gordon, were not negotiated at arm s length, and its terms may not be as favorable to us as if they had been negotiated
with an unaffiliated party. Our Manager, pursuant to the delegation agreement dated as of June 29, 2011, has delegated to Angelo,
Gordon the overall responsibility of its day-to-day duties and obligations arising under our management agreement. For further
detail on the Management Agreement, see the  Contractual Obligations Management Agreement  section of this Item
2. 

Other transactions with affiliates  

In May 2015, we completed an arm s-length
securitization with other investors managed by an affiliate of the Manager (the  Related Parties ) by combining the
assets of a prior private securitization, in which we held a 10.0% ownership interest, with the assets of another private securitization
held entirely by the Related Parties. Our investment in this securitization is reflected on the  Non-Agency  line item
on the consolidated balance sheet and had a fair value of $3.1 million as of the date of the securitization. We completed another
similar arm s-length securitization in July 2015 with the Related Parties by combining the assets of a private securitization,
in which we held a 7.5% ownership interest, with the assets of another private securitization held entirely by the Related Parties.
Our investment in this securitization is reflected on the  Non-Agency  line item on the consolidated balance sheet
and had a fair value of $5.1 million as of the date of the securitization. The remaining interests in each securitization were
owned by certain of the Related Parties. Each securitization was backed by collateral consisting of seasoned NPLs and RPLs. We
obtained third party pricing for each transaction. 

In July 2015, we completed an arm s-length
investment purchase at fair value. Certain entities managed by an affiliate of our Manager ( Related Entities ) had
previously formed a joint venture ( Joint Venture ) with an unaffiliated third party. The Joint Venture owns certain
multi-family properties for which the mortgages partly collateralize a securitization wherein we purchased certain bond tranches.
To ensure an arm s-length transaction, the Manager delegated its decision making rights with respect to the securitization
to a third party servicer. In addition, the members of the Joint Venture agreed to cease sharing material non-public information
with our investment team regarding the collateral. Our investment in these bond tranches was reflected on the  Investments
in debt and equity of affiliates  line item on the consolidated balance sheet with a fair value of $7.1 million as of the
date of the purchase. 

In June 2016, in accordance with our Affiliated
Transactions Policy, we executed two trades whereby we acquired real estate securities from two separate affiliates of the Manager
(the  Selling Affiliates ). As of the date of the trades, the securities acquired from the Selling Affiliates had a
total fair value of $6.9 million. In each case, the Selling Affiliates sold the real estate securities through a BWIC (Bids Wanted
in Competition). Prior to the submission of the BWIC by the Selling Affiliates, we submitted our bid for the real estate securities
to the Selling Affiliates. The pre-submission of our bid allowed us to confirm third-party market pricing and best execution. 

Critical accounting policies  

Our consolidated financial statements are
prepared in accordance with GAAP, which requires the use of estimates that involve the exercise of judgment and the use of assumptions
as to future uncertainties. Our most critical accounting policies involve decisions and assessments that could affect our reported
assets and liabilities, as well as our reported revenues and expenses. We believe that all of the decisions and assessments upon
which our consolidated financial statements are based are reasonable at the time made and based upon information available to us
at that time. We rely upon independent pricing of our assets at each quarter end to arrive at what we believe to be reasonable
estimates of fair market value, whenever available. 

Investments in real estate securities  

Our real estate securities portfolio consists
primarily of Agency RMBS, Non-Agency RMBS, ABS, CMBS and other real estate-related assets on which we have chosen to make a fair
value election pursuant to ASC 825. Investments in real estate securities are recorded in accordance with ASC 320-10,  Investments
  Debt and Equity Securities,  ASC 325-40,  Beneficial Interests in Securitized Financial Assets , or ASC
310-30,  Loans and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality.  Real estate securities are recorded
at fair market value on our consolidated balance sheet and the periodic change in fair market value is recorded in current period
earnings on our consolidated statement of operations as a component of  Unrealized gain/(loss) on real estate securities
and loans, net.  Real estate securities acquired through securitizations are shown in the line item  Purchase of real
estate securities  on the consolidated statement of cash flows. 

Electing the fair value option allows the
Company to record changes in fair value in the consolidated statement of operations, which, in management s view, more appropriately
reflects the results of operations for a particular reporting period as all securities activities will be recorded in a similar
manner. 

Valuation of our real estate securities
portfolio is determined by our Manager using third-party pricing services. The evaluation methodology of third-party pricing services
used incorporates commonly used market pricing methods, including a spread measurement to various indices such as the one-year
constant maturity treasury and LIBOR, which are observable inputs. The evaluation also considers the underlying characteristics
of each security, which are also observable inputs, including: coupon; maturity date, loan age, reset date, collateral type, periodic
and life cap, geography, defaults, recoveries and prepayment speeds. We collect and consider current market intelligence on all
major markets, including benchmark security evaluations and bid-lists from various sources, when available. Changes in the market
environment and other events that may occur over the life of our investments may cause the gains or losses ultimately realized
on these investments to be different than the valuations currently estimated. See Note 5 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited) for more detail. 

Investments in mortgage loans  

We have chosen to make a fair value election
pursuant to ASC 825 for our mortgage loans. Loans are recorded at fair market value on the consolidated balance sheet and any periodic
change in fair market value is recorded in current period earnings on the consolidated statement of operations as a component of
 Unrealized gain/(loss) on real estate securities and loans, net.  Refer to the explanation above for management s
reasons for electing the fair value option. 

Valuation of our mortgage loan
portfolio is determined by our Manager using third-party pricing services where available, model-based pricing, or specialized
third party valuation service providers to assess and corroborate the valuation of a selection of investments in the Company s
loan portfolio on a periodic basis. These specialized third party valuation service providers conduct independent valuation analyses
based on a review of source documents, available market data, and comparable investments. The overall valuation considers the underlying
characteristics of each loan, which are observable inputs, including: coupon; maturity date, loan age, reset date, collateral type,
periodic and life cap, geography, defaults, recoveries and prepayment speeds. These valuations also require significant judgments,
which include assumptions regarding capitalization rates, reperformance rates, leasing, creditworthiness of major tenants, occupancy
rates, availability of financing, exit plan, loan sponsorship, actions of other lenders and other factors deemed necessary by management.
Changes in the market environment and other events that may occur over the life of our investments may cause the gains or losses
ultimately realized on these investments to be different than the valuations currently estimated. Analyses provided by valuation
service providers are reviewed and considered by the Manager. See Note 5 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)
for more detail. 

Investments in debt and equity of affiliates  

Our unconsolidated ownership interests
in affiliates are accounted for using the equity method. Except as described below, the underlying entities have chosen to make
a fair value election on its financial instruments pursuant to ASC 825. As a result, we will treat these investments consistently
with this election. 

In December 2015, we, alongside private
funds under the management of Angelo, Gordon, through AG Arc, formed Arc Home. We invest in Arc Home through AG Arc, one of our
subsidiaries, and have chosen to make a fair value election on AG Arc pursuant to ASC 825. 

Our investments in debt and equity of affiliates
are recorded at fair market value on our consolidated balance sheet in the  Investments in debt and equity of affiliates 
line item and periodic changes in fair market value are recorded in current period earnings on our consolidated statement of operations
as a component of  Equity in earnings/(loss) from affiliates.  Capital contributions, distributions and profits and
losses of such entities are allocated in accordance with the terms of the applicable agreements.  

Interest income  

Interest income on our real estate securities
and loan portfolios is accrued based on the actual coupon rate and the outstanding principal balance of such securities. We have
elected to record interest in accordance with ASC 835-30-35-2 using the effective interest method for all securities and loans
accounted for under the fair value option (ASC 825). As such, premiums and discounts are amortized or accreted into interest income
over the lives of the respective investments. We estimate future expected cash flows at the time of purchase and determine the
effective interest rate based on these estimated cash flows and our purchase price. At least quarterly, these estimated cash flows
are assessed and a revised yield is computed based on the current amortized cost of the investment, as needed. As further explained
below, there are uncertainties and contingencies involved in estimating cash flows, which are difficult to predict and are subject
to future events that may impact our estimates and, as a result, our interest income. 

On at least a quarterly basis for our real
estate securities accounted for under ASC 320-10 and ASC 310-20,  Nonrefundable Fees and Other Costs  (generally Agency
RMBS), prepayments of the underlying collateral must be estimated, which directly affect the speed at which we amortize such securities.
If actual and anticipated cash flows differ from previous estimates; we recognize a  catch-up  adjustment in the current
period to the amortization of premiums for the impact of the cumulative change in the effective yield through the reporting date. 

Similarly, we also reassess the cash flows
on at least a quarterly basis for our real estate securities accounted for under ASC 325-40,  Beneficial Interests in Financial
Assets  (generally Non-Agency RMBS, ABS, CMBS and interest-only securities). In estimating these cash flows, there are a
number of assumptions that are subject to uncertainties and contingencies. These include the rate and timing of principal and interest
receipts (including assumptions of prepayments, repurchases, defaults and liquidations), the pass-through or coupon rate and interest
rate fluctuations. In addition, interest payment shortfalls due to delinquencies on the underlying mortgage loans have to be estimated.
Differences between previously estimated cash flows and current actual and anticipated cash flows are recognized prospectively
through an adjustment of the yield over the remaining life of the security based on the current amortized cost of the investment
as adjusted for credit impairment, if any. 

Other-than-temporary impairment  

We evaluate real estate
securities for OTTI on at least a quarterly basis. The determination of whether a security is other-than-temporarily impaired involves
judgments and assumptions based on subjective and objective factors. When the fair value of a real estate security is less than
its amortized cost at the balance sheet date, the security is considered impaired, and the impairment is designated as either  temporary 
or  other-than-temporary.  

When a real estate security
is impaired, an OTTI is considered to have occurred if (i) we intend to sell the security (i.e. a decision has been made as
of the reporting date) or (ii) it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of
its amortized cost basis. If we intend to sell the security or if it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the
real estate security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, the entire amount of the impairment loss, if any, is recognized
in earnings as a realized loss and the cost basis of the security is adjusted to its fair value. For real estate securities accounted
for under ASC 325-40, an OTTI is deemed to have occurred when there is an adverse change in the expected cash flows to be received
and the fair value of the security is less than its carrying amount. In determining whether an adverse change in cash flows occurred,
the present value of the remaining cash flows, as estimated at the initial transaction date (or the last date previously revised),
is compared to the present value of the expected cash flows at the current reporting date. The estimated cash flows reflect those
a  market participant  would use and include observations of current information and events and assumptions related
to fluctuations in interest rates, prepayment speeds and the timing and amount of potential credit losses. Cash flows are discounted
at a rate equal to the current yield used to accrete interest income. Any resulting OTTI adjustments are reflected in the  Net
realized gain/(loss)  line item on the consolidated statement of operations. 

Increases in interest income
may be recognized on a security on which the Company previously recorded OTTI if the performance of such security subsequently
improves. The determination as to whether an OTTI exists is subjective, given that such determination is based on information available
at the time of assessment as well as our estimate of the future performance and cash flow projections for the individual security.
As a result, the timing and amount of an OTTI constitutes an accounting estimate that may change materially over time. 

Real estate securities in an unrealized
loss position as of the balance sheet date are not considered other than temporarily impaired as we have the ability and intent
to hold the securities to maturity or for a period of time sufficient for a forecasted market price recovery up to or above the
cost of the investment and we are not required to sell the security for regulatory or other reasons. 

Interest income and other-than-temporary
impairment recognition on mortgage loans and real estate securities acquired with deteriorated credit quality  

When we purchase mortgage loans and real
estate securities that have shown evidence of credit deterioration since origination, we will analyze such investments to determine
if the application of ASC 310-30,  Loans and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality  is warranted.
If it is determined that it is probable we will not collect all contractual cash flows on those assets, we will apply the guidance
found in ASC 310-30. For purposes of mortgage loan income recognition, we aggregate loans acquired that have common risk characteristics
into a pool and use a composite interest rate and expectation of cash flows expected to be collected for such pool. 

Interest income is recognized on a level-yield
basis over the life of the loan or security as long as cash flows can be reasonably estimated. The level-yield is determined by
the excess of our initial estimate of undiscounted expected principal, interest, and other cash flows expected to be collected
over our initial investment in the mortgage loan or security (accretable yield). The excess of contractually required cash flows
over cash flows expected to be collected (nonaccretable difference) is not recognized as an adjustment of yield. 

On at least a quarterly basis, we update
our estimate of the cash flows expected to be collected for loans and real estate securities. If based on the most current information
and events it is probable that there is a significant increase in cash flows previously expected to be collected or if actual cash
flows are significantly greater than cash flows previously expected, we will recognize these changes prospectively through an adjustment
of the investment s yield over its remaining life. We will adjust the amount of accretable yield by reclassification from
the nonaccretable difference. The adjustment is accounted for as a change in estimate in conformity with ASC 250 with the amount
of periodic accretion adjusted over the remaining life of the loan. Decreases in cash flows expected to be collected from previously
projected cash flows, which includes all cash flows originally expected to be collected by the investor plus any additional cash
flows expected to be collected arising from changes in estimate after acquisition, are recognized as impairment. 

Derivatives  

We enter into various types of derivative
instruments to hedge our exposure to market risk. We may use derivative instruments such as interest rate swaps, interest rate
swaptions and credit derivatives as instruments to reduce such exposure, and other instruments including Agency Interest-Only securities
and long and short positions in U.S. Treasury securities to manage interest rate risk. We account for derivative financial instruments
in accordance with ASC 815-10,  Derivatives and Hedging.  

In valuing our derivatives, we consider
both our own creditworthiness and the creditworthiness of our counterparties, along with collateral provisions contained in each
derivative agreement, from both our and our counterparties  perspective. All of our derivatives are either subject to bilateral
collateral arrangements or clearing in accordance with the Dodd-Frank Act. For swaps cleared under the Dodd Frank Act, a Central
Counterparty Clearing House now stands between us and the over-the-counter derivative counterparties. In order to access such clearing,
we have entered into clearing agreements with futures commissions merchants ( FCMs ). We present derivative assets
and liabilities on a gross basis. 

Recent accounting pronouncements  

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  ( ASU 2014-09 ). ASU 2014-09 is a comprehensive new
revenue recognition model requiring a company to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at
an amount reflecting the consideration it expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. In adopting ASU 2014-09,
companies may use either a full retrospective or a modified retrospective approach. Additionally, this guidance requires improved
disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers.
 In August 2015, the FASB deferred the effective date of the new revenue recognition standard by one year. The new standard
is effective for the first interim period within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and early adoption
is permitted. We have concluded the guidance does not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,
 Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern,  ( ASU 2014-15 ). ASU 2014-15 introduces an explicit requirement for
management to assess and provide certain disclosures if there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue
as a going concern. ASU 2014-15 is effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016. We do not anticipate that the
adoption of ASU 2014-15 will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued or ASU
2016-01,  Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  ( ASU 2016-01 ). The
amendments in this ASU affect all entities that hold financial assets or owe financial liabilities, and address certain aspects
of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments. The classification and measurement guidance
of investments in debt securities and loans are not affected by the amendments in this ASU. ASU 2016-01 is effective for public
business entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption
is not permitted for public business entities, except for a provision related to financial statements of fiscal years or interim
periods that have not yet been issued, to recognize in other comprehensive income, the change in fair value of a liability resulting
from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk measured using the fair value option. Entities should apply the amendments
in this ASU by recording a cumulative-effect adjustment to equity as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. We are currently
evaluating the method of adoption and the impact this ASU will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,
 Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting (Topic 718),  ( ASU 2016-09 ). ASU 2016-09 requires
all income tax effects of share-based payment awards to be recognized in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled.
ASU 2016-09 also allows an employer to repurchase more of an employee s shares for tax withholding purposes than is permitted
under current guidance without triggering liability accounting. Finally, ASU 2016-09 allows a policy election to account for forfeitures
as they occur. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal
years. We have concluded the guidance does not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,
 Financial Instruments   Credit Losses,  ( ASU 2016-13 ). ASU 2016-13 introduces a new model related
to the accounting for credit losses on instruments, specifically, financial assets subject to credit losses and measured at amortized
cost, and certain off-balance sheet credit exposures. ASU 2016-13 amends the current guidance, requiring an OTTI charge only when
fair value is below the amortized cost of an asset. The length of time the fair value of an available-for-sale debt security has
been below the amortized cost will no longer impact the determination of whether a credit loss exists. As such, it is no longer
an other-than-temporary model. In addition, credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities will now be limited to the difference
between the security s amortized cost basis and its fair value. The new debt security model will also require the use of
an allowance to record estimated credit losses. The new guidance also expands the disclosure requirements regarding an entity s
assumptions, and models. In addition, public entities will need to disclose the amortized cost balance for each class of financial
asset by credit quality indicator, disaggregated by the year of origination (i.e., by vintage year). ASU 2016-13 is effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim periods within those fiscal years. We are currently evaluating our
method of adoption and the impact this ASU will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,
 Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments , ( ASU 2016-15 ). ASU 2016-15 addresses eight
specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing existing diversity of how certain cash receipts and cash payments are
presented. These specific issues include debt prepayment and debt extinguishment costs, settlement of zero-coupon debt, proceeds
from the settlement of insurance claims, and beneficial interests in securitization transactions, among others. ASU 2016-15 is
effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. We are currently assessing
the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

Inflation  

Virtually all of our assets and liabilities
are interest rate sensitive in nature. As a result, interest rates and other factors influence our performance far more than inflation.
Changes in interest rates do not necessarily correlate with inflation rates or changes in inflation rates. 

Other matters  

We intend to conduct our business so as
to maintain our exempt status under, and not to become regulated as an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company
Act. If we failed to maintain our exempt status under the Investment Company Act and became regulated as an investment company,
our ability to, among other things, use leverage would be substantially reduced and, as a result, we would be unable to conduct
our business as described in this report. Accordingly, we monitor our compliance with both the 55% Test and the 80% Test of the
Investment Company Act in order to maintain our exempt status. As of December 31, 2015, we determined that we maintained compliance
with both the 55% Test and the 80% Test requirements. 

We calculate that at least 75% of our assets
were real estate assets, cash and cash items and government securities for the year ended December 31, 2015. We also calculate
that our revenue qualifies for the 75% gross income test and for the 95% gross income test rules for the year ended December 31,
2015. Overall, we believe that we met the REIT income and asset tests. We also met all other REIT requirements, including the ownership
of our common stock and the distribution of our net income. Therefore, for the year ended December 31, 2015, we believe that
we qualified as a REIT under the Code. 

ITEM
3.     QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.   

The primary components of our market risk
relate to interest rates, liquidity, prepayment rates and credit risk. While we do not seek to avoid risk completely, we seek to
assume risk that can be quantified from historical experience and to actively manage that risk, to earn sufficient returns to justify
taking those risks and to maintain capital levels consistent with the risks we undertake. 

Interest rate risk  

Interest rate risk is highly sensitive
to many factors, including governmental monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations
and other factors beyond our control. We are subject to interest rate risk in connection with both our investments and the financing
under our repurchase agreements. We seek to reduce interest rate risks on any outstanding debt and minimize exposure to interest
rate fluctuations thereon through the use of interest rate derivatives or other financial instruments, or through a combination
of these strategies. 

Interest rate effect on net interest income  

Our operating results depend in large part
upon differences between the yields earned on our investments and our cost of borrowing and upon the effectiveness of our interest
rate hedging activities. The majority of our repurchase agreements are short term in nature with an initial term of between 30
and 90 days. The financing rate on these agreements will generally be determined at the outset of each transaction by reference
to prevailing short-term rates plus a spread. As a result, our borrowing costs will tend to increase during periods of rising short-term
interest rates as we renew, or  roll , maturing transactions at the higher prevailing rates. When combined with the
fact that the income we earn on our fixed interest rate investments will remain substantially unchanged, this will result in a
narrowing of the net interest spread between the related assets and borrowings and may even result in losses. We have obtained
term financing on certain borrowing arrangements. The financing on term facilities generally are fixed at the outset of each transaction
by reference to a pre-determined interest rate plus a spread. 

In an attempt to offset the increase in
funding costs related to rising short term interest rates, our Manager enters into hedging transactions structured to provide us
with positive cash flow in the event short term interest rates rise. Our Manager accomplishes this through the use of interest
rate derivatives. Some hedging strategies involving the use of derivatives are highly complex, may produce volatile returns and
may expose us to increased risks relating to counterparty defaults. 

Interest rate effects on fair value  

Another component of interest rate risk
is the effect that changes in interest rates will have on the market value of the assets that we acquire. 

Generally, in a rising interest rate environment,
the fair value of our real estate securities and loan portfolios would be expected to decrease, all other factors being held constant.
In particular, the portion of our real estate securities and loan portfolios with fixed-rate coupons would be expected to decrease
in value more severely than that portion with a floating-rate coupon. This is because fixed-rate coupon assets tend to have significantly
more duration or price sensitivity to changes in interest rates, than floating-rate coupon assets. Fixed-rate assets currently
comprise a majority of our portfolio. 

The fair value of our investment portfolio
could change at a different rate than the fair value of our liabilities when interest rates change. We measure the sensitivity
of our portfolio to changes in interest rates by estimating the duration of our assets and liabilities. Duration is the approximate
percentage change in fair value for a 100 basis point parallel shift in the yield curve. In general, our assets have higher duration
than our liabilities. In order to reduce this exposure we use hedging instruments to reduce the gap in duration between our assets
and liabilities. 

We calculate estimated effective duration
(i.e., the price sensitivity to changes in risk-free interest rates) to measure the impact of changes in interest rates on portfolio
value. We estimate duration based on third-party models. Different models and methodologies can produce different effective duration
estimates for the same securities. We allocate the net duration by asset type based on the interest rate sensitivity. Over time,
our credit investments have experienced significant price appreciation. In addition, we have allocated greater capital towards
higher dollar price Non-Agency MBS, ABS and CMBS positions. Higher dollar price credit securities may exhibit greater duration
than lower priced credit investments. In addition, we have observed that, in the wake of massive intervention by global central
banks since the financial crisis of 2008-2009, the historical inverse relationship between credit spreads and interest rates has
begun to become less reliable. This means that it is becoming less likely that periods of rising interest rates will be accompanied
by tightening credit spreads which can offset some of the downward pressure on the prices of credit bonds. This has served to make
effective duration on credit investments a more meaningful statistic over time. 

On September 30, 2016, we computed an estimated
net effective duration of 1.81 years, comprised of 1.17 Agency RMBS duration, 1.23 of credit investment duration, (0.50) hedge
duration and (0.09) liability duration. 

The following table quantifies the estimated
changes in net interest income and GAAP equity should interest rates go up or down by 50 and 100 basis points, assuming (i) the
yield curves of the rate shocks will be parallel to each other and the current yield curve and (ii) all other market risk factors
remain constant. These estimates were compiled using a combination of third-party services and models, market data and internal
models. All changes in income and equity are measured as percentage changes from the projected net interest income and GAAP equity
from our base interest rate scenario. The base interest rate scenario assumes spot and forward interest rates, which existed as
of September 30, 2016. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. 

Agency RMBS assumptions attempt to predict
default and prepayment activity at projected interest rate levels. To the extent that these estimates or other assumptions do not
hold true, actual results will likely differ materially from projections and could be larger or smaller than the estimates in the
table below. Moreover, if different models were employed in the analysis, materially different projections could result. In addition,
while the table below reflects the estimated impact of interest rate increases and decreases on a static portfolio as of September
30, 2016, our Manager may from time to time sell any of our investments as a part of the overall management of our investment portfolio. 

Change in Interest Rates (basis points) (1)(2)    
     Percentage Change in GAAP Equity    
     Percentage Change in Projected Net Interest Income (3)  
 
     +100    
     -10.2%    
     -13.3%  
 
     +50    
     -4.6%    
     -6.4%  
 
     -50    
     3.6%    
     5.8%  
 
     -100    
     6.1%    
     5.0%  

(1)  Includes investments held through affiliated entities that are reported as  Investments in debt and equity of affiliates  on our consolidated balance sheet, but excludes AG Arc.    
 
     (2)  Does not include cash investments, which typically have overnight maturities and are not expected to change in value as interest rates change.  
 
     (3)  Interest income includes trades settled as of September 30, 2016.  

Liquidity risk  

Our primary liquidity risk arises from
financing long-maturity assets with shorter-term borrowing primarily in the form of repurchase agreements. 

We pledge real estate securities or mortgage
loans and cash as collateral to secure our repurchase transactions. Should the fair value of our real estate securities or mortgage
loans pledged as collateral decrease (as a result of rising interest rates, changes in prepayment speeds, widening of credit spreads
or otherwise), we will likely be subject to margin calls for additional collateral from our financing counterparties. Should the
fair value of our real estate securities or mortgage loans decrease materially and suddenly, margin calls will likely increase
causing an adverse change to our liquidity position which could result in substantial losses. In addition, we cannot be assured
that we will always be able to roll our repurchase transactions at their scheduled maturities which could cause material additional
harm to our liquidity position and result in substantial losses. Further, should funding conditions tighten as they did in 2007
- 2009, our repurchase agreement counterparties may increase our margin requirements on new financings, including repurchase transactions
that we roll at maturity with the same counterparty, which would require us to post additional collateral and would reduce our
ability to use leverage and could potentially cause us to incur substantial losses. 

In January 2016, the FHFA issued the Final
Rule, which expressly excludes captive insurance companies, including our captive insurance company, from being eligible for membership
in the FHLBC and prohibits the FHLBC from making any more advances or extending any existing advances to our captive insurance
company. Under the Final Rule, the FHLBC must wind down its relationships with our captive insurance company by February 19, 2017.
The FHLBC cannot make any new advances or extend any existing advances to our captive insurance company. On September 30, 2016,
we had no advances outstanding with the FHLBC. 

The terms of our interest rate swaps require
us to post collateral in the form of cash or Agency RMBS to our counterparties to satisfy two types of margin requirements: variation
margin and initial margin. 

We and our swap counterparties are both
required to post variation margin to each other depending upon the daily moves in prevailing benchmark interest rates. The amount
of this variation margin is derived from the mark to market valuation of our swaps. Hence, as our swaps lose value in a falling
interest rate environment, we are required to post additional variation margin to our counterparties on a daily basis; conversely,
as our swaps gain value in a rising interest rate environment, we are able to recall variation margin from our counterparties.
By recalling variation margin from our swap counterparties, we are able to partially mitigate the liquidity risk created by margin
calls on our repurchase transactions during periods of rising interest rates. 

Initial margin works differently. Collateral
posted to meet initial margin requirements is intended to create a safety buffer to benefit our counterparties if we were to default
on our payment obligations under the terms of the swap and our counterparties were forced to unwind the swap. For our non-centrally
cleared swaps, the initial margin is set at the outset of each trade as a fixed percentage of the notional amount of the swap.
This means that once we post initial margin at the outset of a non-centrally cleared swap, we will have no further posting obligations
as it pertains to initial margin. However, the initial margin on our centrally cleared swaps varies from day to day depending upon
various factors, including the absolute level of interest rates and the implied volatility of interest rates. There is a distinctly
positive correlation between initial margin, on the one hand, and the absolute level of interest rates and implied volatility of
interest rates, on the other hand. As a result, in times of rising interest rates and/or increasing rate volatility, we anticipate
that the initial margin required on our centrally-cleared swaps will likewise increase, potentially by a substantial amount. These
margin increases will have a negative impact on our liquidity position and will likely impair the intended liquidity risk mitigation
effect of our interest rate swaps discussed above. 

Our TBA dollar roll contracts are also
subject to margin requirements governed by the Mortgage-Backed Securities Division ( MBSD ) of the Fixed Income Clearing
Corporation and by our prime brokerage agreements, which may establish margin levels in excess of the MBSD. Such provisions require
that we establish an initial margin based on the notional value of the TBA contract, which is subject to increase if the estimated
fair value of our TBA contract or the estimated fair value of our pledged collateral declines. The MBSD has the sole discretion
to determine the value of our TBA contracts and of the pledged collateral securing such contracts. In the event of a margin call,
we must generally provide additional collateral, either securities or cash, on the same business day. 

Our Manager seeks to mitigate our liquidity
risks by maintaining a prudent level of leverage, monitoring our liquidity position on a daily basis and maintaining a substantial
cushion of cash and unpledged real estate securities and loans in our portfolio in order to meet future margin calls. In addition,
our Manager seeks to further mitigate our liquidity risk by (i) diversifying our exposure across a broad number of financing
counterparties, (ii) limiting our exposure to any single financing counterparty and (iii) monitoring the ongoing financial
stability of our financing counterparties. 

Prepayment risk  

Premiums arise when we acquire real estate
assets at a price in excess of the principal balance of the mortgages securing such assets (i.e., par value). Conversely, discounts
arise when we acquire assets at a price below the principal balance of the mortgages securing such assets. Premiums paid on our
assets are amortized against interest income and accretable purchase discounts on our assets are accreted to interest income. Purchase
premiums on our assets, which are primarily carried on our Agency RMBS, are amortized against interest income over the life of
each respective asset using the effective yield method, adjusted for actual prepayment activity. An increase in the prepayment
rate, as measured by the CPR, will typically accelerate the amortization of purchase premiums, thereby reducing the yield or interest
income earned on such assets. Generally, if prepayments on our Non-Agency RMBS or mortgage loans are less than anticipated, we
expect that the income recognized on such assets would be reduced due to the slower accretion of purchase discounts, and impairments
could result. 

As further discussed in the  Critical
Accounting Policies  section above, differences between previously estimated cash flows and current actual and anticipated
cash flows caused by changes to prepayment or other assumptions are adjusted retrospectively through a  catch up  adjustment
for the impact of the cumulative change in the effective yield through the reporting date for securities accounted for under ASC
320-10 (generally, Agency RMBS) or adjusted prospectively through an adjustment of the yield over the remaining life of the investment
for investments accounted for under ASC 325-40 (generally, Non-Agency RMBS, ABS, CMBS and interest-only securities) and mortgage
loans accounted for under ASC 310-30. 

In addition, our interest rate hedges are
structured in part based upon assumed levels of future prepayments within our real estate securities or mortgage loan portfolio.
If prepayments are slower or faster than assumed, the life of the real estate securities or mortgage loans will be longer or shorter
than assumed, which could reduce the effectiveness of our Manager s hedging strategies and may cause losses on such transactions. 

Our Manager seeks to mitigate our prepayment
risk by investing in real estate assets with a variety of prepayment characteristics as well as by attempting to maintain in our
portfolio a mix of assets purchased at a premium with assets purchased at a discount.  

Real estate value risk  

Residential and commercial property values
are subject to volatility and may be affected adversely by a number of factors outside of our control, including, but not limited
to, national, regional and local economic conditions (which may be adversely affected by industry slowdowns and other factors);
local real estate conditions (such as an oversupply of housing or commercial real estate); construction quality, age and design;
demographic factors; and retroactive changes to building or similar codes. Decreases in property values reduce the value of the
collateral underlying our RMBS and CMBS portfolios as well as the potential sale proceeds available to repay our loans in the event
of a default. In addition, substantial decreases in property values can increase the rate of strategic defaults by residential
mortgage borrowers which can impact and create significant uncertainty in the recovery of principal and interest on our investments. 

Credit risk  

Although we expect to encounter only de
minimis credit risk in our Agency RMBS portfolio, we are exposed to the risk of potential credit losses from an unanticipated increase
in borrower defaults as well as general credit spread widening on any Non-Agency assets in our portfolio, including residential
and commercial mortgage loans as well as Non-Agency RMBS, ABS and CMBS. We seek to manage this risk through our Manager s
pre-acquisition due diligence process and, if available, through the use of non-recourse financing, which limits our exposure to
credit losses to the specific pool of collateral which is the subject of the non-recourse financing. Our Manager s pre-acquisition
due diligence process includes the evaluation of, among other things, relative valuation, supply and demand trends, the shape of
various yield curves, prepayment rates, delinquency and default rates, recovery of various sectors and vintage of collateral. 

Basis risk  

Basis risk refers to the possible decline
in our book value triggered by the risk of incurring losses on the fair value of our Agency RMBS as a result of widening market
spreads between the yields on our Agency RMBS and the yields on comparable duration Treasury securities. The basis risk associated
with fluctuations in fair value of our Agency RMBS may relate to factors impacting the mortgage and fixed income markets other
than changes in benchmark interest rates, such as actual or anticipated monetary policy actions by the Federal Reserve, market
liquidity, or changes in required rates of return on different assets. Consequently, while we use interest rate swaps and other
hedges to protect against moves in interest rates, such instruments will generally not protect our net book value against basis
risk. 

Risk management  

To the extent consistent with maintaining
our REIT qualification, we seek to manage risk exposure to protect our investment portfolio against the effects of major interest
rate changes. We generally seek to manage this risk by: 

monitoring and adjusting, if necessary, the reset index and interest rate related to our target assets and our financings;   

structuring our financing agreements to have a range of maturity terms, amortizations and interest rate adjustment periods; and   

using hedging instruments to adjust the interest rate sensitivity of our target assets and our borrowings.   

ITEM 4.           CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.  

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information the Company is required to disclose
in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that the Company s management, including its principal
executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

We have evaluated, with the participation
of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
as of September 30, 2016. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures,
including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures. Accordingly, even
effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Based
upon our evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we
file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the
applicable rules and forms, and that it is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer
and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

No change occurred in our internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the period covered by this quarterly
report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM
                            1.      LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS.   

We are at times subject to various legal proceedings arising
in the ordinary course of business. As of the date of this report, we are not party to any litigation or legal proceedings, or
to our knowledge, any threatened litigation or legal proceedings, which we believe, individually or in the aggregate, would have
a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.  

ITEM
                            1A.      RISK
FACTORS.   

Refer to the risks identified under the
caption  Risk Factors , in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and our subsequent
filings, which are available on the Securities and Exchange Commission s website at   www.sec.gov  ,
and in the  Forward-Looking Statements  and  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations  sections herein. 

ITEM
                            2.      UNREGISTERED
SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS.   

The following table presents a summary of our common stock
repurchases under the Repurchase Program for the three months ended September 30, 2016: 

(1)  Based on trade date. The Program was announced on November
4, 2015. The Program does not have an expiration date. 

(2)  Includes brokerage commissions and clearing fees. 

(3)  The maximum dollar amount authorized was $25.0 million. 

ITEM
                            3.      DEFAULTS
UPON SENIOR SECURITIES.   

None. 

ITEM
                            4.      MINE
SAFETY DISCLOSURES   

None. 

ITEM
                            5.      OTHER
INFORMATION.   

None. 

ITEM
                            6.      EXHIBITS.   

Exhibit  No.    
     Description  
 
     *3.1    
     Articles of Amendment and Restatement of AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Amendment No. 2 to our Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 18, 2011 ( Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 ).  

*3.2    
     Amended and Restated Bylaws of AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2.  

*3.3    
     Articles Supplementary of 8.25% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 2, 2012.  

*3.4    
     Articles Supplementary of 8.00% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 24, 2012.  

*4.1    
     Specimen Stock Certificate of AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2.  

*4.2    
     Specimen 8.25% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock Certificate, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 2, 2012.   

*4.3    
     Specimen 8.00% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock Certificate, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 24, 2012.  

*10.1    
     Form of Registration Rights Agreement by and between the Company and the purchasers of units and shares in the private placement, dated June 29, 2011, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Amendment No. 7 to our Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 29, 2011 ( Pre-Effective Amendment No. 7 ).  

*10.2    
     Form of Management Agreement, dated June 29, 2011 by and between the Company and AG REIT Management, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Amendment No. 3 to our Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 25, 2011.**  

*10.3    
     Equity Incentive Plan, dated July 6, 2011, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2.**  

*10.4    
     Manager Equity Incentive Plan, dated July 6, 2011, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2.**  

*10.5    
     Form of Manager Equity Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Award Agreement, dated July 6, 2011, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2.**  

*10.6    
     Form of Equity Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Award Agreement, dated July 6, 2011, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2.**  

*10.7    
     Form of Indemnification Agreement, dated July 6, 2011, by and between the Company and the Company s directors and officers, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of Pre-Effective Amendment No. 7.  

*10.8    
     Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract dated as of April 12, 2013 between AG MIT, LLC, AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 15, 2013.  

*10.9    
     Guarantee Agreement dated as of April 9, 2012 by AG Mortgage Invest Trust, Inc. in favor of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 10, 2012.  

*10.10    
     Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract dated as of February 11, 2014 between AG MIT WFB1 2014 LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 21, 2014.  

*10.11    
     Guarantee Agreement dated as of February 11, 2014 by AG MIT, LLC and AG Mortgage Invest Trust, Inc. in favor of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 21, 2014.   

*10.12    
     Master Repurchase and Securities Contract dated as of September 17, 2014, as amended by Omnibus Amendment No.1, dated as of August 4, 2015, between AG MIT CREL LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 18, 2014.  

*10.13    
     Guarantee Agreement dated as of September 17, 2014 as amended by Omnibus Amendment No.1, dated as of August 4, 2015, by AG MIT, LLC and AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. in favor of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 18, 2014.  

*10.14    
     Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, dated July 1, 2014, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 6, 2014.**  

*10.15    
     Omnibus Amendment No.1 to Master Repurchase and Securities Contract, Guarantee Agreement and Fee and Pricing Letter dated as of August 4, 2015 between AG MIT CREL, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of Form 10-Q , filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 6, 2015.  

31.1    
     Certification of David N. Roberts pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

31.2    
     Certification of Brian C. Sigman pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.1    
     Certification of David N. Roberts pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.2    
     Certification of Brian C. Sigman pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

101.INS    
     XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH    
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL    
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF    
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB    
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   

101.PRE    
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

*  Fully or partly previously filed. 

**  Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

AG MORTGAGE INVESTMENT TRUST, INC.   

November 4, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ David N. Roberts   

David N. Roberts   

Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer)   

November 4, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Brian C. Sigman   

Brian C. Sigman   

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (principal financial 
         officer and principal accounting officer)   

AG MORTGAGE INVESTMENT TRUST, INC.  

FORM 10-Q 
September 30, 2016  

INDEX OF EXHIBITS  

Exhibit  No.    
     Description  
 
     *3.1    
     Articles of Amendment and Restatement of AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Amendment No. 2 to our Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 18, 2011 ( Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 ).  

*3.2    
     Amended and Restated Bylaws of AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2.  

*3.3    
     Articles Supplementary of 8.25% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 2, 2012.  

*3.4    
     Articles Supplementary of 8.00% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 24, 2012.  

*4.1    
     Specimen Stock Certificate of AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2.  

*4.2    
     Specimen 8.25% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock Certificate, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 2, 2012.   

*4.3    
     Specimen 8.00% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock Certificate, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 24, 2012.  

*10.1    
     Form of Registration Rights Agreement by and between the Company and the purchasers of units and shares in the private placement, dated June 29, 2011, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Amendment No. 7 to our Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 29, 2011 ( Pre-Effective Amendment No. 7 ).  

*10.2    
     Form of Management Agreement, dated June 29, 2011 by and between the Company and AG REIT Management, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Amendment No. 3 to our Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 25, 2011.**  

*10.3    
     Equity Incentive Plan, dated July 6, 2011, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2.**  

*10.4    
     Manager Equity Incentive Plan, dated July 6, 2011, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2.**  

*10.5    
     Form of Manager Equity Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Award Agreement, dated July 6, 2011, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2.**  

*10.6    
     Form of Equity Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Award Agreement, dated July 6, 2011, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2.**  

*10.7    
     Form of Indemnification Agreement, dated July 6, 2011, by and between the Company and the Company s directors and officers, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of Pre-Effective Amendment No. 7.  

*10.8    
     Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract dated as of April 12, 2013 between AG MIT, LLC, AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 15, 2013.  

*10.9    
     Guarantee Agreement dated as of April 9, 2012 by AG Mortgage Invest Trust, Inc. in favor of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 10, 2012.  

*  Fully or partly previously filed. 

**  Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v450983_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

I, David N. Roberts, certify that: 

1.    I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc.;  

2.    Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.    Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report;  

4.    The
registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a.    Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b.    Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c.    Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and  

d.    Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.    The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a.    All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

b.    Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:
November 4, 2016  

/s/ David N. Roberts   

David N. Roberts   

Chief Executive Officer    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v450983_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

I, Brian C. Sigman, certify that: 

1.    I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc.;  

2.    Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.    Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report;  

4.    The
registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a.  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.    The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a.  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b.  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:
November 4, 2016  

/s/ Brian C. Sigman   

Brian C. Sigman   

Chief Financial Officer and   

Treasurer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v450983_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350 AS ADOPTED  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, David N. Roberts, Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

(1)    The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2)  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates of, and for the periods covered by, the Report.   

It is not intended that this statement be deemed to be filed
for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

/s/ David N. Roberts   

David N. Roberts   

Chief Executive Officer   

November 4, 2016   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v450983_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350 AS ADOPTED  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Brian C. Sigman, Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

(1)  
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates of, and for the periods covered by, the Report.   

It is not intended that this statement be deemed to be filed
for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

/s/ Brian C. Sigman   

Brian C. Sigman   

Chief Financial Officer and   

Treasurer   

November 4, 2016   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 mitt-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 mitt-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 mitt-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 mitt-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 mitt-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 mitt-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

