<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_946647_0001144204-16-131946_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18112334</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>148215</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>644644</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6055231</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>8674991</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2181401</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>159</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-131946.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107115418
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-131946
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		104
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FIRST DEFIANCE FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000946647
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				341803915
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-26850
		FILM NUMBER:		161977145

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		601 CLINTON ST
		CITY:			DEFIANCE
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43512
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4107825015

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		601 CLINTON ST
		CITY:			DEFIANCE
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43512

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-131946.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 v450990_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q 

(Mark One)  

For the Quarterly Period Ended
 September 30, 2016  

OR 

For the Transition
Period from ___________to__________ 

Commission file number  0-26850  

First
    Defiance Financial Corp.  

(Exact
    name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Ohio  
       
      34-1803915   
 
      (State or other jurisdiction
    of  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer   
 
      incorporation or
    organization)  
       
      Identification Number)   

Registrant's telephone number, including
area code:  (419) 782-5015  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   x  
No            

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   x
  No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of
 large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large
    accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated
    filer   x   

Non-accelerated
    filer  
         
      Smaller reporting
    company       

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes    
  No   x  

APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding
of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practical date. Common Stock, $.01 Par Value   8,981,025
shares outstanding at October 31, 2016. 

FIRST
DEFIANCE FINANCIAL CORP.  

INDEX 

Page
    Number   
 
       PART I.-FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item
    1.  
       Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited):   

Consolidated Condensed Statements of Financial Condition   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   
      2   

Consolidated Condensed Statements of Income - Three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
      4   

Consolidated Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Income   Three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      5   

Consolidated Condensed Statements of Changes in   Stockholders  Equity   Nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      6   

Consolidated Condensed Statements of Cash Flows  - Nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
      7   

Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements    
      8   

Item 2.  
       Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      49   

Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
      72   

Item
    4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      74   

PART II-OTHER INFORMATION:   

Item
1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
      75   

Item
1A.  
       Risk Factors   
      75   

Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      75   

Item
3.  
       Defaults upon Senior Securities   
      75   

Item
    4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      75   

Item
5.  
       Other Information   
      76   

Item
6.  
       Exhibits   
      76   

Signatures   
      77   

PART I-FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements  

FIRST DEFIANCE FINANCIAL CORP. 

Consolidated Condensed Statements of Financial
Condition 

 (UNAUDITED) 

 (Amounts in Thousands, except share and
per share data) 

(continued)  

FIRST DEFIANCE FINANCIAL CORP. 

Consolidated Condensed Statements of Financial
Condition 

 (UNAUDITED) 

 (Amounts in Thousands, except share and
per share data) 

See accompanying notes  

FIRST DEFIANCE FINANCIAL CORP. 

 Consolidated Condensed Statements of Income 

 (UNAUDITED) 

 (Amounts in Thousands, except share and
per share data) 

See accompanying notes  

FIRST DEFIANCE FINANCIAL CORP. 

 Consolidated Condensed Statements of Comprehensive
Income 

 (UNAUDITED) 

 (Amounts in Thousands) 

(1)
Amounts are included in gain on sale or call of securities on the Consolidated Condensed Statements of Income. Income tax expense
associated with the reclassification adjustments, included in federal income taxes, for the three months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015 was $53 and $0, respectively. Income tax expense associated with the reclassification adjustments, included in federal
income taxes, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $178 and $0, respectively.  

FIRST DEFIANCE FINANCIAL CORP. 

 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders 
Equity 

 (UNAUDITED) 

 (Amounts in Thousands, except share data) 

FIRST DEFIANCE FINANCIAL CORP. 

 Consolidated Condensed Statements of Cash
Flows 

 (UNAUDITED) 

 (Amounts in Thousands) 

See accompanying notes.  

FIRST DEFIANCE FINANCIAL CORP. 

 Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial
Statements (UNAUDITED) 

 September 30, 2016 and 2015 

1.    Basis of
                                         Presentation  

First Defiance Financial
Corp. ( First Defiance  or the  Company ) is a unitary thrift holding company that conducts business through
its three wholly owned subsidiaries, First Federal Bank of the Midwest ( First Federal ), First Insurance Group of
the Midwest, Inc. ( First Insurance ), and First Defiance Risk Management Inc. ( First Defiance Risk Management ).
All significant intercompany transactions and balances are eliminated in consolidation. 

First Federal is primarily
engaged in attracting deposits from the general public through its offices and using those and other available sources of funds
to originate loans primarily in the counties in which its offices are located. First Federal s traditional banking activities
include originating and servicing residential, non-residential real estate, commercial, home improvement and home equity and consumer
loans and providing a broad range of depository, trust and wealth management services. In addition, First Federal invests in U.S.
Treasury and federal government agency obligations, obligations of the State of Ohio and its political subdivisions, mortgage-backed
securities that are issued by federal agencies, including real estate mortgage investment conduits ( REMICs ) and
collateralized mortgage obligations ( CMOs ), and corporate bonds. First Insurance is an insurance agency that conducts
business through offices located in the Defiance, Maumee, Oregon, Bryan, Lima and Bowling Green, Ohio areas. First Insurance offers
property and casualty insurance, life insurance and group health insurance. First Defiance Risk Management is a wholly-owned insurance
company subsidiary of the Company that insures the Company and its subsidiaries against certain risks unique to the operations
of the Company and for which insurance may not be currently available or economically feasible in today s insurance marketplace.
First Defiance Risk Management pools resources with several other similar insurance company subsidiaries of financial institutions
to spread a limited amount of risk among themselves. 

The consolidated condensed
statement of financial condition at December 31, 2015 has been derived from the audited financial statements at that date, which
were included in First Defiance s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

The accompanying consolidated
condensed financial statements as of September 30, 2016 and for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 have been prepared by First Defiance without audit and do not include information or footnotes necessary for the complete
presentation of financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States. These consolidated condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and notes thereto included in First Defiance's 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.
However, in the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting of only normal recurring items, necessary for the fair presentation
of the financial statements have been made. The results for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 are not
necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the entire year. 

2 .   Significant
                                         Accounting Policies  

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of
consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements
and accompanying notes. These estimates and assumptions affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and the disclosures
provided, and actual results could differ. 

Earnings Per Common Share 

Basic earnings per
common share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the
period. All outstanding unvested share-based payment awards that contain rights to nonforfeitable dividends are considered participating
securities for the calculation. Diluted earnings per common share include the dilutive effect of additional potential common shares
issuable under stock options, warrants, restricted stock awards and stock grants. 

Newly Issued Accounting Standards 

In March 2016, the
Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-09:  Compensation
  Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting . The amendments in ASU 2016-09
simplify several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including the accounting for income
taxes, forfeitures and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09
is effective for public companies for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption
permitted. The Company elected to adopt ASU 2016-09 in the second quarter of 2016. As a result of adoption, net income for the
first quarter of 2016 was revised to reflect a $99,000 reduction to tax expense, which increased net income by $99,000 and a credit
to tax expense was recorded in the second quarter of 2016. Also as a result of adoption, the Company is accounting for forfeitures
as they occur and the amounts previously recorded in equity are prospectively being recorded as income tax benefits. The excess
income tax benefits are reflected in the operating activities in the Consolidated Condensed Statements of Cash Flows. 

In February 2016,
FASB issued ASU 2016-02 (Topic 842):  Leases . The main objective of ASU 2016-02 is to provide users with useful, transparent,
and complete information about leasing transactions. ASU 2016-02 requires the rights and obligations associated with leasing arrangements
be reflected on the balance sheet in order to increase transparency and comparability among organizations. Under the updated guidance,
lessees will be required to recognize a right-to-use asset and a liability to make a lease payment and disclose key information
about leasing arrangements. ASU 2016-02 is effective for public companies for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after
December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact of ASU 2016-02 on its Consolidated
Financial Statements and disclosures. 

In January 2016, FASB
issued ASU 2016-01:  Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10):  Recognition and Measurement of Financial
Assets and Financial Liabilities .  The main objective of ASU 2016-01 is to enhance the reporting model for financial
instruments to provide users of financial statements with more decision-useful information.  ASU 2016-01 addresses certain
aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments.  Some of the amendments
in ASU 2016-01  include the following:   1)  Require equity investments (except those accounted
for under the equity method of accounting or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value
with changes in fair value recognized in net income; 2)  Simplify the impairment assessment of equity investments without
readily determinable fair values by requiring a qualitative assessment to identify impairment; 3)  Require public business
entities to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes; and 4)  Require
an entity to present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability
resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the entity has elected to measure the liability at fair value;
among others.  For public business entities, the amendments of ASU 2016-01 are effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years.  The Company is currently evaluating the
effects of ASU 2016-01 on its Consolidated Financial Statements and disclosures.    

In June 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-13:  Financial Instruments-Credit Losses   (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial
Instruments . The ASU requires an organization to measure all expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting
date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Financial institutions and
other organizations will now use forward-looking information to better inform their credit loss estimates. Many of the loss estimation
techniques applied today will still be permitted, although the inputs to those techniques will change to reflect the full amount
of expected credit losses. Organizations will continue to use judgment to determine which loss estimation method is appropriate
for their circumstances. Additionally, the ASU amends the accounting for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities and
purchased financial assets with credit deterioration. ASU 2016-13 is effective for public companies for annual periods beginning
after December 13, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Entities will apply the standard's provisions as
a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is
adopted. The Company has not yet determined the impact the adoption of ASU 2016-13 will have on the Consolidated Financial Statements
and disclosures. 

3.    Fair Value  

FASB ASC Topic 820
defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants. A fair value measurement assumes that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability
occurs in the principal market for the asset or liability or, in the absence of a principal market, the most advantageous market
for the asset or liability. The price in the principal (or most advantageous) market used to measure the fair value of the asset
or liability shall not be adjusted for transaction costs. An orderly transaction is a transaction that assumes exposure to the
market for a period prior to the measurement date to allow for marketing activities that are usual and customary for transactions
involving such assets and liabilities; it is not a forced transaction. Market participants are buyers and sellers in the principal
market that are (i) independent, (ii) knowledgeable, (iii) able to transact and (iv) willing to transact. 

FASB ASC Topic 820
requires the use of valuation techniques that are consistent with the market approach, the income approach and/or the cost approach.
The market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable
assets and liabilities. The income approach uses valuation techniques to convert future amounts, such as cash flows or earnings,
to a single present amount on a discounted basis. The cost approach is based on the amount that currently would be required to
replace the service capacity of an asset (replacement cost). Valuation techniques should be consistently applied. Inputs to valuation
techniques refer to the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. Inputs may be observable,
meaning those that reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on
the best information available. In that regard, FASB ASC Topic 820 established a fair value hierarchy for valuation inputs that
gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable
inputs. The fair value hierarchy is as follows: 

Level
                                         1 : Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
                                         that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement date.   

Level
                                         2 : Inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the
                                         asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. These might include quoted prices
                                         for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar
                                         assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices
                                         that are observable for the asset or liability (such as interest rates, prepayment speeds,
                                         credit risks, etc.) or inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by market
                                         data by a correlation or other means.   

Level
                                         3 : Unobservable inputs for determining fair value of assets and liabilities that
                                         reflect an entity s own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants
                                         would use in pricing the assets or liabilities.   

A description of the
valuation methodologies used for instruments measured at fair value, as well as the general classification of such instruments
pursuant to the valuation hierarchy, is set forth below. 

Available for sale
securities  - Securities classified as available for sale are generally reported at fair value utilizing Level 2 inputs where
the Company obtains fair value measurements from an independent pricing service that uses matrix pricing, which is a mathematical
technique widely used in the industry to value debt securities without relying exclusively on quoted prices for the specific securities
but rather by relying on the securities  relationship to other benchmark quoted securities (Level 2 inputs). The fair value
measurements consider observable data that may include dealer quotes, market spreads, cash flows and the bonds  terms and
conditions, among other things. Securities in Level 1 include federal agency preferred stock securities. Securities in Level 2
include U.S. Government agencies, mortgage-backed securities, corporate bonds and municipal securities. 

Impaired loans
-   Fair values for impaired collateral dependent loans are generally
based on appraisals obtained from licensed real estate appraisers and in certain circumstances consideration of offers obtained
to purchase properties prior to foreclosure.  Appraisals for commercial real estate generally use three methods to derive
value: cost, sales or market comparison and income approach.  The cost method bases value on the cost to replace the current
property.  Value of market comparison approach evaluates the sales price of similar properties in the same market area. 
The income approach considers net operating income generated by the property and an investors required return.  Adjustments
are routinely made in the appraisal process by the independent appraisers to adjust for differences between the comparable sales
and income data available.  Comparable sales adjustments are based on known sales prices of similar type and similar use
properties and duration of time that the property has been on the market to sell.  Such adjustments made in the appraisal
process are typically significant and result in a Level 3 classification of the inputs for determining fair value.  

Real Estate held
for sale   - Assets acquired through or instead of loan foreclosure
are initially recorded at fair value less costs to sell when acquired, establishing a new cost basis. These assets are then reviewed
monthly by members of the asset review committee for valuation changes and are accounted for at lower of cost or fair value less
estimated costs to sell. Fair value is commonly based on recent real estate appraisals which may utilize a single valuation approach
or a combination of approaches including cost, comparable sales and the income approach. Adjustments are routinely made in the
appraisal process by the independent appraisers to adjust for differences between the comparable sales and income data available.
Such adjustments may be significant and typically result in a Level 3 classification of the inputs for determining fair value.  

Appraisals for both
collateral-dependent impaired loans and other real estate owned are performed by certified general appraisers (for commercial
properties) or certified residential appraisers (for residential properties) whose qualifications and licenses have been reviewed
and verified by the Company.  Once received, a member of the Company s asset quality or collections department reviews
the assumptions and approaches utilized in the appraisal.  Appraisal values are discounted from 0% to 20% to account for
other factors that may impact the value of collateral. In determining the value of impaired collateral dependent loans and other
real estate owned, significant unobservable inputs may be used, which include:  physical condition of comparable properties
sold, net operating income generated by the property and investor rates of return. 

Mortgage servicing
rights    On a quarterly basis, mortgage servicing rights are evaluated for impairment based upon the fair value of the
rights as compared to the carrying amount. If the carrying amount of an individual tranche exceeds fair value, impairment is recorded
on that tranche so that the servicing asset is carried at fair value. Fair value is determined at a tranche level based on a model
that calculates the present value of estimated future net servicing income. The valuation model utilizes assumptions that market
participants would use in estimating future net servicing income and are validated against available market data (Level 2). 

Mortgage banking
derivative  - The fair value of mortgage banking derivatives are evaluated monthly based on derivative valuation models using
quoted prices for similar assets adjusted for specific attributes of the commitments and other observable market data at the valuation
date (Level 2). 

The following table
summarizes the financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis segregated by the level of the valuation inputs within
the fair value hierarchy utilized to measure fair value: 

Assets and Liabilities Measured on
a Recurring Basis  

The following table
summarizes the financial assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis segregated by the level of the valuation inputs
within the fair value hierarchy utilized to measure fair value: 

Assets and Liabilities Measured on
a Non-Recurring Basis  

For Level 3 assets
and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring or nonrecurring basis as of September 30, 2016, the significant unobservable
inputs used in the fair value measurements were as follows: 

Fair   Value       
     Valuation Technique    
     Unobservable Inputs    
     Range of   Inputs       
     Weighted   Average     

(Dollars in Thousands)  

Impaired Loans- Applies to all loan classes    
     $  982       
     Appraisals which utilize sales comparison, net income and cost
    approach    
     Discounts for collection issues and changes in market conditions    
         10-30%        
        11%     

Real estate held for sale   Applies to all classes    
     $  377       
     Appraisals which utilize sales comparison, net income and cost approach    
     Discounts for changes in market conditions    
         0-20%        
        7%     

For Level 3 assets
and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring or nonrecurring basis as of December 31, 2015, the significant unobservable
inputs used in the fair value measurements were as follows: 

Fair   Value       
     Valuation Technique    
     Unobservable Inputs    
     Range of   Inputs       
     Weighted  
    Average     

(Dollars in Thousands)  

Impaired Loans- Applies to all loan classes    
     $  5,146       
     Appraisals which utilize sales comparison, net income and cost
    approach    
     Discounts for collection issues and changes in market conditions    
         10-30%        
        11%     

Real estate held for sale   Applies to all classes    
     $  280       
     Appraisals which utilize sales comparison, net income and cost approach    
     Discounts for changes in market conditions    
        30%      
        30%     

Impaired loans, which
are measured for impairment using the fair value of the collateral for collateral dependent loans, had a fair value of $982,000,
with a $19,000 valuation allowance and a fair value of $5.1 million, with an $8,000 valuation allowance at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, respectively. A provision recovery of $6,000 and a provision recovery of $204,000 for the three months and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and a provision expense of $59,000 and a provision recovery of $659,000 for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2015 was included in earnings. 

Mortgage servicing
rights which are carried at the lower of cost or fair value had a fair value of $3.0 million with a valuation allowance of $763,000
and a fair value of $872,000 with a valuation allowance of $645,000 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.
A recovery of $7,000 and a charge of $118,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and a recovery of $24,000
and $191,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, were included in earnings. 

Real estate held for
sale is determined using Level 3 inputs which include appraisals and are adjusted for estimated costs to sell. The change in fair
value of real estate held for sale and fixed assets transferred to real estate held for sale was $22,000 and $74,000 for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016, which was recorded directly as an adjustment to current earnings through non-interest
expense. The change in fair value of real estate held for sale was $19,000 and $724,000 for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2015. 

In accordance with
FASB ASC Topic 825, the Fair Value Measurements tables are a comparative condensed consolidated statement of financial condition
based on carrying amount and estimated fair values of financial instruments as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.
Accordingly, the aggregate fair value amounts presented do not represent the underlying value of First Defiance. 

Much of the information
used to arrive at  fair value  is highly subjective and judgmental in nature and therefore the results may not be
precise. Subjective factors include, among other things, estimated cash flows, risk characteristics and interest rates, all of
which are subject to change. With the exception of investment securities, the Company s financial instruments are not readily
marketable and market prices do not exist. Since negotiated prices for the instruments, which are not readily marketable, depend
greatly on the motivation of the buyer and seller, the amounts that will actually be realized or paid per settlement or maturity
of these instruments could be significantly different. 

The carrying amount
of cash and cash equivalents, term notes payable and advance payments by borrowers for taxes and insurance, as a result of their
short-term nature, is considered to be equal to fair value and are classified as Level 1. 

It was not practicable
to determine the fair value of Federal Home Loan Bank ( FHLB ) stock due to restrictions placed on its transferability. 

The fair value of
loans that reprice within 90 days is equal to their carrying amount. For other loans, the estimated fair value is calculated based
on discounted cash flow analysis, using interest rates currently being offered for loans with similar terms, resulting in a Level
3 classification. Impaired loans are valued at the lower of cost of fair value as previously described. The allowance for loan
losses is considered to be a reasonable adjustment for credit risk. The methods utilized to estimate the fair value of loans do
not necessarily represent an exit price. The fair value of loans held for sale is estimated based on binding contracts and quotes
from third party investors resulting in a Level 2 classification. 

The fair value of
accrued interest receivable is equal to the carrying amounts resulting in a Level 2 or Level 3 classification which is consistent
with its underlying value. 

The fair value of
non-interest bearing deposits are considered equal to the amount payable on demand at the reporting date (i.e. carrying value)
and are classified as Level 1. The fair value of savings, NOW and certain money market accounts are equal to their carrying amounts
and are a Level 2 classification. Fair values of fixed rate certificates of deposit are estimated using a discounted cash flow
calculation that applies interest rates currently being offered on certificates to a schedule of aggregated expected monthly maturities
on time deposits resulting in a Level 2 classification. 

The fair values of
securities sold under repurchase agreements are equal to their carrying amounts resulting in a Level 2 classification. The carrying
value of subordinated debentures and deposits with fixed maturities is estimated based on discounted cash flow analyses based
on interest rates currently being offered on instruments with similar characteristics and maturities resulting in a Level 3 classification. 

FHLB advances with
maturities greater than 90 days are valued based on discounted cash flow analysis, using interest rates currently being quoted
for similar characteristics and maturities resulting in a Level 2 classification. The cost or value of any call or put options
is based on the estimated cost to settle the option at September 30, 2016. 

4.    Incentive
                                         Compensation Plans  

First Defiance has
established equity based compensation plans for its directors and employees. On March 15, 2010, the Board adopted, and the shareholders
approved at the 2010 Annual Shareholders Meeting, the First Defiance Financial Corp. 2010 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2010
Equity Plan ). The 2010 Equity Plan replaced all pre-existing plans. All awards currently outstanding under prior plans
will remain in effect in accordance with their respective terms. Any new awards will be made under the 2010 Equity Plan. The 2010
Equity Plan allows for issuance of up to 350,000 common shares through the award of options, stock grants, restricted stock units
( RSU ), stock appreciation rights or other stock-based awards. 

As of September 30,
2016, 57,300 options are outstanding at option prices based on the market value of the underlying shares on the date the options
were granted.  Options granted under all plans vest 20% per year. All
options expire ten years from the date of grant. Vested options of retirees expire on the earlier of the scheduled expiration
date or three months after the retirement date.  

In each of the years
2014-2016, the Company approved a Short-Term ( STIP ) Equity Incentive Plan and a Long-Term ( LTIP ) Equity
Incentive Plan for selected members of management. 

Under the 2014 and
2015 STIPs, the participants could earn up to 30% to 45% of their salary for potential payout based on the achievement of certain
corporate performance targets during the calendar year. The 2016 STIP allows participants to earn up to 10% to 45% of their salary
for potential payout based on the achievement of certain corporate performance targets during the calendar year. The final amount
of benefits under the STIPs is determined as of December 31 of the same year and paid out in cash in the first quarter of
the following year. The participants are required to be employed on the day of payout in order to receive such payment. 

Under each LTIP, the
participants may earn up to 20% to 45% of their salary for potential payout in the form of equity awards based on the achievement
of certain corporate performance targets over a three-year period. The Company granted 30,538; 24,757; and 24,526 RSU s
to the participants in the 2014, 2015 and 2016 LTIPs, respectively, effective January 1 in the year the award was made, which
represents the maximum target award. The amount of benefit under each LTIP will be determined individually at the end of the 36
month performance period ending December 31. The benefits earned under each LTIP will be paid out in equity in the first
quarter following the end of the performance period. The participants are required to be employed on the day of payout in order
to receive such payment. 

A total of 7,011 RSU s
were issued to the participants of the 2013 LTIP in the first quarter of 2016 for the three year performance period ended December
31, 2015. 

In the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company granted 3,894 restricted shares. 1,872 shares were issued to directors and 1,000 shares
were issued to employees that have a one-year vesting period. 1,022 shares were issued to an employee with a four year vesting
period. 

The fair value of
each option award is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes model. Expected volatilities are based on historical
volatilities of the Company s common stock. The Company uses historical data to estimate option exercise and post-vesting
termination behavior. The expected term of options granted is based on historical data and represents the period of time that
options granted are expected to be outstanding, which takes into account that the options are not transferable. The risk-free
interest rate for the expected term of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant. 

The fair value of
stock options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was determined at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes
stock option-pricing model and the following assumptions: 

The weighted-average
fair value of options granted was $13.95 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $13.13 for the nine months ended September
30, 2015. 

Following is activity
under the plans during the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

Proceeds, related
tax benefits realized from options exercised and intrinsic value of options exercised were as follows (In Thousands): 

As
of September 30, 2016, there was $185,000 of total unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested stock options granted under
the Company s equity plans. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 3.43 years .  

At September 30, 2016,
75,468 RSU s and 12,161 stock grants were outstanding. Compensation expense is recognized over the performance period based
on the achievements of targets as established with the plan documents. A total expense of $970,000 was recorded during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 compared to an expense of $730,000 for the same period in 2015. There was approximately $541,000
included within other liabilities at September 30, 2016 related to the STIP. 

The maximum amount
of compensation expense that may be recorded for the 2016 STIP and the 2014, 2015 and 2016 LTIPs at September 30, 2016 is approximately
$3.6 million. However, the estimated expense expected to be recorded as of September 30, 2016; based on the performance measures
in the plans, is $2.3 million of which $917,000 is unrecognized at September 30, 2016 and will be recognized over the remaining
performance periods. 

5.  Dividends on Common
                                         Stock 

First Defiance declared
and paid a $0.22 per common stock dividend in the first, second and third quarters of 2016. First Defiance declared and paid a
$0.175 common stock dividend in the first quarter and a $0.20 per common stock dividend in the second and third quarters of 2015. 

6.  Earnings Per Common
                                         Share 

The following table
sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per common share: 

There were 7,300 and
12,550 shares under option granted to employees excluded from the diluted earnings per common share calculation as they were anti-dilutive
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. There were 6,250 and 16,750 shares under option granted
to employees excluded from the diluted earnings per common share calculation as they were anti-dilutive for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

7.    Investment
                                         Securities  

The following is a
summary of available-for-sale and held-to-maturity securities: 

* FHLMC, FNMA, and GNMA
certificates are residential mortgage-backed securities. 

The amortized cost
and fair value of the investment securities portfolio at September 30, 2016 are shown below by contractual maturity. Expected
maturities will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or
without call or prepayment penalties. For purposes of the maturity table, mortgage-backed securities ( MBS ), collateralized
mortgage obligations ( CMO ) and REMICs, which are not due at a single maturity date, have not been allocated over
the maturity groupings. These securities may mature earlier than their weighted-average contractual maturities because of principal
prepayments. 

Investment securities
with a carrying amount of $149.8 million at September 30, 2016 were pledged as collateral on public deposits, securities sold
under repurchase agreements and Federal Reserve discount window. 

As of September 30,
2016, the Company s investment portfolio consisted of 358 securities, 13 of which were in an unrealized loss position. 

The following tables
summarize First Defiance s securities that were in an unrealized loss position at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Realized gains from the
sales and calls of investment securities totaled $151,000 ($98,000 after tax) in the third quarter of 2016, while there were no
realized gains in the third quarter of 2015. There were realized gains from the sales and calls of investment securities totaling
$509,000 ($331,000 after tax) for the first nine months of 2016 compared to no realized gains for the first nine months of 2015. 

Management evaluates securities
for other-than-temporary impairment ( OTTI ) at least quarterly, and more frequently when economic or market conditions
warrant such an evaluation. The investment portfolio is evaluated for OTTI by segregating the portfolio into two general segments.
Investment securities classified as available-for-sale or held-to-maturity are generally evaluated for OTTI under FASB ASC Topic
320. Certain collateralized debt obligations ( CDOs ) are evaluated for OTTI under FASB ASC Topic 325, Investment
  Other. 

When OTTI occurs under
either model, the amount of the OTTI recognized in earnings depends on whether an entity intends to sell the security or more
likely than not will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis less any current period credit
loss. If an entity intends to sell or more likely than not will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized
cost basis less any current period credit loss, the OTTI shall be recognized in earnings equal to the entire difference between
the investment s amortized cost basis and its fair value at the balance sheet date. If an entity does not intend to sell
the security and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized
cost basis less any current period loss, the OTTI shall be separated into the amount representing the credit loss and the amount
related to all other factors. The amount of OTTI related to the credit loss is determined based on the present value of cash flows
expected to be collected compared to the book value of the security and is recognized in earnings. The amount of OTTI related
to other factors shall be recognized in other comprehensive income, net of applicable taxes. The previous amortized cost basis
less the OTTI recognized in earnings shall become the new amortized cost basis of the investment. 

With the exception of
corporate bonds, the above securities all have fixed interest rates, and all securities have defined maturities. Their fair value
is sensitive to movements in market interest rates. First Defiance has the ability and intent to hold these investments for a
time necessary to recover the amortized cost without impacting its liquidity position and it is more than likely that the Company
will not be required to sell the investments before anticipated recovery. 

During the first nine
months of 2016 and 2015, management determined there was no OTTI. 

The proceeds from the sales and calls of securities
and the associated gains and losses are listed below: 

Loans receivable consist
of the following: 

Loan segments have been
identified by evaluating the portfolio based on collateral and credit risk characteristics. 

The following table discloses allowance for
loan loss activity for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 by portfolio segment (In Thousands): 

The following table discloses
allowance for loan loss activity for the year-to-date periods ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 by portfolio segment
and impairment method (In Thousands): 

The following table
presents the balance in the allowance for loan losses and the recorded investment in loans by portfolio segment and based on impairment
method as of September 30, 2016 (In Thousands): 

The following table
presents the balance in the allowance for loan losses and the recorded investment in loans by portfolio segment and based on impairment
method as of December 31, 2015 (In Thousands): 

The following table presents
the average balance, interest income recognized and cash basis income recognized on impaired loans by class of loans (In Thousands): 

The following table presents
the average balance, interest income recognized and cash basis income recognized on impaired loans by class of loans (In Thousands): 

The following table
presents loans individually evaluated for impairment by class of loans (In Thousands): 

* Presented gross of charge offs 

The following table presents
the current balance of the aggregate amounts of non-performing assets, comprised of non-performing loans and real estate owned
on the dates indicated:    

The following table presents
the aging of the recorded investment in past due and non accrual loans as of September 30, 2016 by class of loans (In Thousands): 

The following table presents
the aging of the recorded investment in past due and non accrual loans as of December 31, 2015 by class of loans (In Thousands): 

Troubled Debt Restructurings  

As of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, the Company had a recorded investment in troubled debt restructurings ( TDRs ) of $14.7 million
and $17.6 million, respectively. The Company allocated $254,000 and $335,000 of specific reserves to those loans at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and has committed to lend additional amounts totaling up to $10,000 and $48,000 at September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

The Company offers various
types of concessions when modifying a loan, however, forgiveness of principal is rarely granted. Each TDR is uniquely designed
to meet the specific needs of the borrower. Commercial and industrial loans modified in a TDR often involve temporary interest-only
payments, term extensions, and converting revolving credit lines to term loans. Additional collateral or an additional guarantor
is often requested when granting a concession. Commercial mortgage loans modified in a TDR often involve temporary interest-only
payments, re-amortization of remaining debt in order to lower payments, and sometimes reducing the interest rate lower than the
current market rate. Residential mortgage loans modified in a TDR are comprised of loans where monthly payments are lowered, either
through interest rate reductions or principal only payments for a period of time, to accommodate the borrowers  financial
needs, interest is capitalized into principal, or the term and amortization are extended. Home equity modifications are made infrequently
and usually involve providing an interest rate that is lower than the borrower would be able to obtain due to credit issues. All
retail loans where the borrower is in bankruptcy are classified as TDRs regardless of whether or not a concession is made. 

Of the loans modified
in a TDR, $5.5 million are on non-accrual status and partial charge-offs have in some cases been taken against the outstanding
balance. Loans modified as a TDR may have the financial effect of increasing the allowance associated with the loan. If the loan
is determined to be collateral dependent, the estimated fair value of the collateral, less any selling costs is used to determine
if there is a need for a specific allowance or charge-off. If the loan is determined to be cash flow dependent, the allowance
is measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s pre-modification effective
interest rate. 

The following table presents
loans by class modified as troubled debt restructurings that occurred during the three and nine month periods ending September
30, 2016 and September 30, 2015: 

The
loans described above increased the ALLL by $31,000 in the three month period ending September 30, 2016 and decreased the ALLL
by $9,000 in the nine month period ending September 30, 2016. 

The
loans described above decreased the ALLL by $3,000 in the three month period ending September 30, 2015 and $23,000 in the nine
month period ending September 30, 2015. 

Of
the 2016 modifications, 10 were made TDRs due to the fact that the borrower has been in bankruptcy, 1 was made a TDR due to an
interest only period, 6 were made TDRs due to extending the maturity, 4 were made TDRs due to advancing funds to a watchlist credit,
1 was to term out a line of credit and 9 were made to refinance current debt for payment relief. 

The following table presents
loans by class modified as TDRs for which there was a payment default within twelve months following the modification during the
three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015: 

The
TDRs that subsequently defaulted described above had no effect on the allowance for loan losses for the three and nine month periods
ended September 30, 2016. 

The
TDRs that subsequently defaulted described above had no effect on the allowance for loan losses for the three and nine month periods
ended September 30, 2015. 

The terms of certain other
loans were modified during the period ending September 30, 2016 that did not meet the definition of a TDR. The modification of
these loans involved a modification of the terms of a loan to borrowers who were not experiencing financial difficulties. A total
of 81 loans were modified under this definition during the three month period ended September 30, 2016 and a total of 284 loans
were modified under this definition during the nine month period ended September 30, 2016. 

In order to determine
whether a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, an evaluation is performed on the probability that the borrower will
be in payment default on any of its debt in the foreseeable future without the modification. 

Credit Quality Indicators  

Loans
are categorized into risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their debt such as:
current financial information, historical payment experience, credit documentation, public information, and current economic trends,
among other factors. Loans are analyzed individually by classifying the loans as to credit risk. This analysis includes all non-homogeneous
loans, such as commercial and commercial real estate loans and certain homogenous mortgage, home equity and consumer loans. This
analysis is performed on a quarterly basis. First Defiance uses the following definitions for risk ratings: 

Special
Mention.  Loans classified as special mention have a potential weakness that deserves management's close attention. If left
uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan or of the institution's
credit position at some future date. 

Substandard.
  Loans classified as substandard are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or
of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation
of the debt. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the institution will sustain some loss if the deficiencies
are not corrected. 

Doubtful.
 Loans classified as doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified as substandard, with the added characteristic
that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values,
highly questionable and improbable. 

Not
Graded.  Loans classified as not graded are generally smaller balance residential real estate, home equity and consumer installment
loans which are originated primarily by using an automated underwriting system. These loans are monitored based on their delinquency
status and are evaluated individually only if they are seriously delinquent. 

Loans
not meeting the criteria above that are analyzed individually as part of the above described process are considered to be pass
rated loans. As of September 30, 2016, and based on the most recent analysis performed, the risk category of loans by class of
loans is as follows (In Thousands): 

As
of December 31, 2015, and based on the most recent analysis performed, the risk category of loans by class of loans is as follows
(In Thousands): 

Foreclosure Proceedings  

Consumer mortgage loans
collateralized by residential real estate property that are in the process of foreclosure totaled $142,000 as of September 30,
2016. 

9.    Mortgage
                                         Banking  

Net
revenues from the sales and servicing of mortgage loans consisted of the following : 

The unpaid principal balance
of residential mortgage loans serviced for third parties was $1.37 billion at September 30, 2016 and $1.34 billion at December
31, 2015. 

Activity for capitalized
mortgage servicing rights and the related valuation allowance follows for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015: 

Amortization of mortgage
servicing rights is computed based on payments and payoffs of the related mortgage loans serviced. Estimates of future amortization
expense are not easily estimable .   

The Company established
an accrual for secondary market buy-back losses that resulted in a reversal of $131,000 for the first nine months of 2016. In
the first nine months of 2015, the Company reversed $84,000. The reversals are mainly due to no actual losses being recorded in
the first nine months of 2016 and 2015. There is approximately $83,000 and $226,000 accrued and included within other liabilities
at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, for potential secondary market buy-back losses. 

A summary of deposit balances
is as follows: 

First Defiance s
FHLB advances and junior subordinated debentures owed to unconsolidated subsidiary trusts are comprised of the following: 

The putable advance can
be put back to the Company at the option of the FHLB on a quarterly basis. A $5.0 million putable advance with a weighted average
rate of 2.35% was not yet callable by the FHLB at September 30, 2016. The call date for this advance is December 12, 2016 and
the maturity date is March 12, 2018. Putable advances are callable at the option of the FHLB on a quarterly basis. 

In
March 2007, the Company sponsored an affiliated trust, First Defiance Statutory Trust II (Trust Affiliate II) that issued $15
million of Guaranteed Capital Trust Securities (Trust Preferred Securities). In connection with this transaction, the Company
issued $15.5 million of Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debentures (Subordinated Debentures) to Trust Affiliate II. The
Company formed Trust Affiliate II for the purpose of issuing Trust Preferred Securities to third-party investors and investing
the proceeds from the sale of these capital securities solely in Subordinated Debentures of the Company. The Subordinated Debentures
held by Trust Affiliate II are the sole assets of that trust. The Company is not considered the primary beneficiary of this Trust
(variable interest entity), therefore the trust is not consolidated in the Company s financial statements, but rather the
subordinated debentures are shown as a liability.       Distributions
on the Trust Preferred Securities issued by Trust Affiliate II are payable quarterly at a variable rate equal to the three-month
LIBOR rate plus 1.5%. The Coupon rate payable on the Trust Preferred Securities issued by Trust Affiliate II was 2.35% as of September
30, 2016 and 2.01% as of December 31, 2015.  

The Trust Preferred Securities
issued by Trust Affiliate II are subject to mandatory redemption, in whole or part, upon repayment of the Subordinated Debentures.
The Company has entered into an agreement that fully and unconditionally guarantees the Trust Preferred Securities subject to
the terms of the guarantee. The Trust Preferred Securities and Subordinated Debentures mature on June 15, 2037, but can be redeemed
at the Company s option at any time now. 

The
Company also sponsored an affiliated trust, First Defiance Statutory Trust I (Trust Affiliate I), that issued $20 million of Trust
Preferred Securities in 2005. In connection with this transaction, the Company issued $20.6 million of Subordinated Debentures
to Trust Affiliate I. Trust Affiliate I was formed for the purpose of issuing Trust Preferred Securities to third-party investors
and investing the proceeds from the sale of these capital securities solely in Subordinated Debentures of the Company. The Junior
Debentures held by Trust Affiliate I are the sole assets of the trust. The Company is not considered the primary beneficiary of
this Trust (variable interest entity), therefore the trust is not consolidated in the Company s financial statements, but
rather the subordinated debentures are shown as a liability.       Distributions
on the Trust Preferred Securities issued by Trust Affiliate I are payable quarterly at a variable rate equal to the three-month
LIBOR rate plus 1.38%. The Coupon rate payable on the Trust Preferred Securities issued by Trust Affiliate I was 2.23% and 1.89%
on September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 respectively.  

The
Trust Preferred Securities issued by Trust Affiliate I are subject to mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, upon repayment
of the Subordinated Debentures. The Company has entered into an agreement that fully and unconditionally guarantees the Trust
Preferred Securities subject to the terms of the guarantee. The Trust Preferred Securities and Subordinated Debentures mature
on December 15, 2035, but can be redeemed at the Company s option at any time now.  

The subordinated debentures
may be included in Tier 1 capital (with certain limitations applicable) under current regulatory guidelines and interpretations. 

Interest on both issues
of Trust Preferred Securities may be deferred for a period of up to five years at the option of the issuer. 

Repurchase Agreements  .
 We utilize securities sold under agreements to repurchase to facilitate the needs of our customers and to facilitate secured
short-term funding needs. Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are stated at the amount of cash received in connection
with the transaction. We monitor levels on a continuous basis. We may be required to provide additional collateral based on the
fair value of the underlying securities. Securities pledged as collateral under repurchase agreements are maintained with our
safekeeping agent. 

The remaining contractual
maturity of the securities sold under agreements to repurchase in the consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 is presented in the following tables. 

12.    Commitments,
                                         Guarantees and Contingent Liabilities  

Loan commitments are made
to accommodate the financial needs of First Federal s customers; however, there are no long-term, fixed-rate loan commitments
that result in market risk. Standby letters of credit commit the Company to make payments on behalf of customers when certain
specified future events occur. They primarily are issued to facilitate customers  trade transactions. 

Both arrangements have
credit risk, essentially the same as that involved in extending loans to customers, and are subject to the Company s normal
credit policies. Collateral (e.g., securities, receivables, inventory and equipment) is obtained based on Management s credit
assessment of the customer. 

The Company s maximum
obligation to extend credit for loan commitments (unfunded loans and unused lines of credit) and standby letters of credit outstanding
as of the periods stated below were as follows (In Thousands): 

Commitments to make loans
are generally made for periods of 60 days or less. In addition to the above commitments, First Defiance had commitments to sell
$38.1 million and $19.9 million of loans to Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae, Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati or BB T Mortgage
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

The Company and its subsidiaries
are subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as income tax in the state of Indiana. The Company is no longer subject to examination
by taxing authorities for years before 2011. The Company currently operates primarily in the states of Ohio and Michigan, which
tax financial institutions based on their equity rather than their income. As a result of adopting ASU 2016-09, a $54,000 credit
to tax expense was recorded in the third quarter of 2016 and a $184,000 credit to tax expense was recorded for the first nine
months of 2016. 

14.  Derivative Financial
                                         Instruments 

Commitments
to fund certain mortgage loans (interest rate locks) to be sold into the secondary market and forward commitments for the future
delivery of mortgage loans to third party investors are considered derivatives. It is the Company s practice to enter into
forward commitments for the future delivery of residential mortgage loans when interest rate lock commitments are entered into
in order to economically hedge the effect of changes in interest rates resulting from its commitments to fund the loans. These
mortgage banking derivatives are not designated in hedge relationships. First Federal had approximately $19.9 million and $14.9
million of interest rate lock commitments at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. There were $38.1 million
and $19.9 million of forward commitments for the future delivery of residential mortgage loans at September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, respectively. 

The
fair value of these mortgage banking derivatives are reflected by a derivative asset. The table below provides data about the
carrying values of these derivative instruments: 

The table below provides
data about the amount of gains and losses recognized in income on derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments: 

The above amounts are
included in mortgage banking income with gain on sale of mortgage loans. 

Note 15 - Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   

The before and after tax
amounts allocated to each component of other comprehensive income (loss) are presented in the table below. Reclassification adjustments
related to securities available for sale are included in gains on sale or call of securities in the accompanying consolidated
condensed statements of income. 

Before Tax   Amount       
     Tax Expense   (Benefit)       
     Net of Tax   Amount     

(In Thousands)     
 
     Three months ended September 30, 2015:    

Securities available for sale and transferred securities:    

Change in net unrealized gain (loss) during the period    
     $  2,024       
     $  709       
     $  1,315     
 
     Reclassification adjustment for net gains included
    in net income    
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
     Total other comprehensive income (loss)    
     $  2,024       
     $  709       
     $  1,315     

Nine months ended September 30, 2015:    

Securities available for sale and transferred securities:    

Change in net unrealized gain (loss) during the period    
     $  (313  )    
     $  (108  )    
     $  (205  )  
 
     Reclassification adjustment for net gains included
    in net income    
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
     Total other comprehensive income (loss)    
     $  (313  )    
     $  (108  )    
     $  (205  )  

Activity in accumulated other comprehensive
income (loss), net of tax, was as follows: 

Note 16   Affordable Housing Projects
Tax Credit Partnership  

The Company makes certain
equity investments in various limited partnerships that sponsor affordable housing projects utilizing the Low Income Housing Tax
Credit ( LIHTC ) pursuant to Section 42 of the Internal Revenue Code. The purpose of these investments is to achieve
a satisfactory return on capital, to facilitate the sale of affordable housing product offerings, and to assist in achieving goals
associated with the Community Reinvestment Act. The primary activities of the limited partnerships include the identification,
development, and operation of multi-family housing that is leased to qualifying residential tenants. Generally, these types of
investments are funded through a combination of debt and equity. 

The Company is a limited
partner in each LIHTC Partnership. A separate unrelated third party is the general partner. Each limited partnership is managed
by the general partner, who exercises full control over the affairs of the limited partnership. The general partner has all the
rights, powers and authority granted or permitted to be granted to a general partner of a limited partnership. Duties entrusted
to the general partner of each limited partnership include, but are not limited to: investment in operating companies, company
expenditures, investment of excess funds, borrowing funds, employment of agents, disposition of fund property, prepayment and
refinancing of liabilities, votes and consents, contract authority, disbursement of funds, accounting methods, tax elections,
bank accounts, insurance, litigation, cash reserve, and use of working capital reserve funds. Except for limited rights granted
to consent to certain transactions, the limited partner(s) may not participate in the operation, management, or control of the
limited partnership s business, transact any business in the limited partnership s name or have any power to sign
documents for or otherwise bind the limited partnership. In addition, the general partner may only be removed by the limited partner(s)
in the event the general partner fails to comply with the terms of the agreement or is negligent in performing its duties. 

The general partner of
each limited partnership has both the power to direct the activities which most significantly affect the performance of each partnership
and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could be significant to the entities. Therefore, the
Company has determined that it is not the primary beneficiary of any LIHTC partnership. All of the LIHTC s investments are
accounted for under the proportional amortization method, as there were no investments held prior to January of 2014. As of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 the Company had $6.9 million and $4.3 million in qualified investments recorded in other assets
and $4.6 million and $2.4 million in unfunded commitments recorded in other liabilities, respectively. 

Unfunded Commitments  

As of September 30, 2016,
the expected payments for unfunded affordable housing commitments were as follows (In Thousands): 

The following table presents
tax credits and other tax benefits recognized and amortization expense related to affordable housing for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (In Thousands): 

There were no impairment
losses of LIHTC investments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Note 17   Acquisition  

On August 23, 2016, First
Defiance announced the execution of a definitive agreement (the  Agreement ) to acquire Commercial Bancshares, Inc.
( Commercial Bancshares ) and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Commercial Savings Bank ( CSB ). Each Commercial
Bancshares shareholder will receive 1.1808 shares of First Defiance common stock ( First Defiance Shares ) or $51.00
in cash, subject to total consideration being paid 80% in First Defiance Shares and 20% in cash as provided in the Agreement. Based
on the twenty-day average closing price of First Defiance Shares of $43.19 ending August 22, 2016, the transaction is valued at
approximately $63 million in the aggregate, including cash payment of approximately $1.5 million to cancel outstanding options.
On June 30, 2016, Commercial Bancshares had $342 million in assets, $298 million in loans and $301 million in deposits at its seven
banking offices. The transaction is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2017, pending regulatory approvals, the approval
of shareholders of Commercial Bancshares and the completion of other customary closing conditions. 

Item 2. Management's Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

Forward-Looking Information 

Certain statements
contained in this quarterly report are not historical facts, including but not limited to statements that can be identified by
the use of forward-looking terminology such as  may ,  will ,  expect ,  anticipate ,
or  continue  or the negative thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology are  forward-looking
statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 ( Exchange Act ), as amended. Actual results could differ materially from those indicated in
such statements due to risks, uncertainties and changes with respect to a variety of market and other factors. The Company assumes
no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. 

General  

First Defiance is
a unitary thrift holding company that conducts business through its wholly owned subsidiaries, First Federal, First Insurance
and First Defiance Risk Management. 

First
Federal is a federally chartered stock savings bank that provides financial services to communities based in northwest Ohio, northeast
Indiana, and southeastern Michigan where it operates 34 full service banking centers in twelve northwest Ohio counties, one northeast
Indiana county, and one southeastern Michigan county. First Federal operates one loan production office in one central Ohio county.

First
Federal provides a broad range of financial services including checking accounts, savings accounts, certificates of deposit, real
estate mortgage loans, commercial loans, consumer loans, home equity loans and trust and wealth management services through its
extensive branch network.  

First Insurance sells
a variety of property and casualty, group health and life and individual health and life insurance products. First Insurance is
an insurance agency that does business in the Defiance, Bryan, Bowling Green, Lima, Maumee and Oregon, Ohio areas. 

First Defiance Risk
Management is a wholly owned insurance company subsidiary of the Company that insures the Company and its subsidiaries against
certain risks unique to the operations of the Company and for which insurance may not be currently available or economically feasible
in today s insurance marketplace. First Defiance Risk Management pools resources with several other similar insurance company
subsidiaries of financial institutions to spread a limited amount of risk among themselves. 

On August 23, 2016,
First Defiance announced the execution of a definitive agreement (the  Agreement ) to acquire Commercial Bancshares
and its wholly-owned subsidiary, CSB. Each Commercial Bancshares shareholder will receive 1.1808 shares of First Defiance Shares
or $51.00 in cash, subject to total consideration being paid 80% in First Defiance Shares and 20% in cash as provided in the Agreement.
Based on the twenty-day average closing price of First Defiance Shares of $43.19 ending August 22, 2016, the transaction is valued
at approximately $63 million in the aggregate, including cash payment of approximately $1.5 million to cancel outstanding options.
On June 30, 2016, Commercial Bancshares had $342 million in assets, $298 million in loans and $301 million in deposits at its
seven banking offices. The transaction is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2017, pending regulatory approvals,
the approval of shareholders of Commercial Bancshares and the completion of other customary closing conditions. 

Impact of Legislation
-  Over the last several years, Congress and the U.S. Department of the Treasury have enacted legislation and taken actions
to address the disruptions in the financial system, declines in the housing market, and the overall regulation of financial institutions
and the financial system. In this regard, the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act, includes provisions affecting large and small financial institutions
alike, including several provisions that profoundly affect the regulation of community banks, thrifts, and bank and thrift holding
companies, such as First Defiance. The Dodd-Frank Act relaxed rules regarding interstate branching, allows financial institutions
to pay interest on business checking accounts, changed the scope of federal deposit insurance coverage, imposed new capital requirements
on bank and thrift holding companies, and imposed limits on debit card interchange fees charged by issuer banks (commonly known
as the Durbin Amendment). 

The Dodd-Frank Act
also established the CFPB as an independent bureau within the Federal Reserve, which has broad authority to regulate consumer
financial products and services and entities offering such products and services, including banks. 

The CFPB has indicated
that mortgage lending is an area of supervisory focus and that it will concentrate its examination and rulemaking efforts on the
variety of mortgage-related topics required under the Dodd-Frank Act, including steering consumers to less-favorable products,
discrimination, abusive or unfair lending practices, predatory lending, origination disclosures, minimum mortgage underwriting
standards, mortgage loan originator compensation, and servicing practices. The CFPB has published numerous final regulations impacting
the mortgage industry, including rules related to ability-to-pay, mortgage servicing, and mortgage loan originator compensation
and more regulations are anticipated. First Defiance cannot predict the content of the final CFPB and other federal agency regulations
or the impact they might have on First Defiance s financial results. The CFPB s authority over mortgage lending, and
its authority to change regulations adopted in the past by other regulators, or to rescind or ignore past regulatory guidance,
could increase First Defiance s compliance costs and litigation exposure. 

Regulatory Capital
Requirements     The federal banking regulators have adopted
risk-based capital guidelines for financial institutions and their holding companies, designed to absorb losses. The guidelines
provide a systematic analytical framework, which makes regulatory capital requirements sensitive to differences in risk profiles
among banking organizations, takes off-balance sheet exposures expressly into account in evaluating capital adequacy and minimizes
disincentives to holding liquid, low-risk assets. Capital levels as measured by these standards are also used to categorize financial
institutions for purposes of certain prompt corrective action regulatory provisions.  

In July 2013, the
United States banking regulators issued final (or, in the case of the FDIC, interim final) new capital rules applicable to smaller
banking organizations, which also implement certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act (the  Basel III Capital Rules ).
Community banking organizations, including First Defiance and First Federal, began transitioning to the new rules on January 1,
2015. The new minimum capital requirements became effective on January 1, 2015, whereas a new capital conservation buffer and
deductions from common equity capital phase in from January 1, 2016, through January 1, 2019, and most deductions from common
equity tier 1 capital will phase in from January 1, 2015, through January 1, 2019. 

The new rules include
(a) a new common equity tier 1 ( CET1 ) capital ratio of at least 4.5%, (b) a Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 6.0%,
rather than the former 4.0%, (c) a minimum total capital ratio that remains at 8.0%, and (d) a minimum leverage ratio of 4%. 

Common equity for
the CET1 capital ratio includes common stock (plus related surplus) and retained earnings, plus limited amounts of minority interests
in the form of common stock, less the majority of certain regulatory deductions. 

Tier 1 capital includes
common equity as defined for the CET1 capital ratio, plus certain non-cumulative preferred stock and related surplus, cumulative
preferred stock and related surplus and trust preferred securities that have been grandfathered (but which are not permitted going
forward), and limited amounts of minority interests in the form of additional Tier 1 capital instruments, less certain deductions. 

Tier 2 capital, which
can be included in the total capital ratio, includes certain capital instruments (such as subordinated debt) and limited amounts
of the allowance for loan and lease losses, subject to new eligibility criteria, less applicable deductions. 

The deductions from
CET1 capital include goodwill and other intangibles, certain deferred tax assets, mortgage-servicing assets above certain levels,
gains on sale in connection with a securitization, investments in a banking organization s own capital instruments and investments
in the capital of unconsolidated financial institutions (above certain levels). The deductions phase in from 2015 through 2019. 

Under the guidelines,
capital is compared to the relative risk related to the balance sheet. To derive the risk included in the balance sheet, one of
several risk weights is applied to different balance sheet and off-balance sheet assets, primarily based on the relative credit
risk of the counterparty. The capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about
components, risk weightings and other factors. 

The new rules also
place restrictions on the payment of capital distributions, including dividends, and certain discretionary bonus payments to executive
officers if the company does not hold a capital conservation buffer of greater than 2.5% composed of CET1 capital above its minimum
risk-based capital requirements, or if its eligible retained income is negative in that quarter and its capital conservation buffer
ratio was less than 2.5% at the beginning of the quarter. The capital conservation buffer phases in starting on January 1, 2016,
at .625%. The implementation of Basel III did not have a material impact on First Defiance s or First Federal s capital
ratios. 

Business Strategy
 - First Defiance s primary objective is to be a high-performing community banking organization, well regarded in its
market areas. First Defiance accomplishes this through emphasis on local decision making and empowering its employees with tools
and knowledge to serve its customers  needs. First Defiance believes in a  Customer First  philosophy that is
strengthened by its Trusted Advisor initiative. First Defiance also has a tagline of  Better Together  as an indication
of its commitment to local, responsive, personalized service. First Defiance believes this strategy results in greater customer
loyalty and profitability through core relationships. First Defiance is focused on diversification of revenue sources and increased
market penetration in areas where the growth potential exists for a balance between acquisition and organic growth. The primary
elements of First Defiance s business strategy are commercial banking, consumer banking, including the origination and sale
of single-family residential loans, enhancement of fee income, wealth management and insurance sales, each united by a strong
customer service culture throughout the organization. 

Commercial and
Commercial Real Estate Lending -    Commercial and commercial real estate lending have been an ongoing focus and a major
component of First Federal s success. First Federal provides primarily commercial real estate and commercial business loans
with an emphasis on owner- occupied commercial real estate and commercial business lending, including a focus on the deposit balances
that accompany these relationships. First Federal s client base tends to be small to middle market customers with annual
gross revenues generally between $1 million and $50 million. First Federal s focus is also on securing multiple guarantors
in addition to collateral where possible. These customers require First Federal to have a high degree of knowledge and understanding
of their business in order to provide them with solutions to their financial needs. First Federal s  Customer First 
philosophy and culture complements this need of its clients. First Federal believes this personal service model differentiates
First Federal from its competitors, particularly the larger regional institutions. First Federal offers a wide variety of products
to support commercial clients including remote deposit capture and other cash management services. First Federal also believes
that the small business customer is a strong market for First Federal. First Federal participates in many of the Small Business
Administration lending programs and implemented a program in 2014 targeting the small business customer. Maintaining a diversified
portfolio with an emphasis on monitoring industry concentrations and reacting to changes in the credit characteristics of industries
is an ongoing focus. 

Consumer Banking
-  First Federal offers customers a full range of deposit and investment products including demand, checking, money market,
certificates of deposits, Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service ( CDARS ) and savings accounts. First Federal
offers a full range of investment products through the wealth management department and a wide variety of consumer loan products,
including residential mortgage loans, home equity loans, and installment loans. First Federal also offers online banking services,
which include mobile banking and online bill pay. 

Fee Income Development
-  Generation of fee income and the diversification of revenue sources are accomplished through the mortgage banking operation,
First Insurance and the wealth management department as First Defiance seeks to reduce reliance on retail transaction fee income. 

Deposit Growth
-  First Federal s focus has been to grow core deposits with an emphasis on total relationship banking with both our
retail and commercial customers. First Federal has initiated a pricing strategy that considers the whole relationship of the customer.
First Federal will continue to focus on increasing its market share in the communities it serves by providing quality products
with extraordinary customer service, business development strategies and branch expansion. First Federal will look to grow its
footprint in areas believed to further complement its overall market share and complement its strategy of being a high-performing
community bank. 

Asset Quality -
 Maintaining a strong credit culture is of the utmost importance to First Federal. First Federal has maintained a strong credit
approval and review process that has allowed the Company to maintain a credit quality standard that balances the return with the
risks of industry concentrations and loan types. First Federal is primarily a collateral lender with an emphasis on cash flow
performance, while obtaining additional support from personal guarantees and secondary sources of repayment. First Federal has
directed its attention to loan types and markets that it knows well and in which it has historically been successful. First Federal
strives to have loan relationships that are well diversified in both size and industry, and monitors the overall trends in the
portfolio to maintain its industry and loan type concentration targets. First Federal maintains a problem loan remediation process
that focuses on detection and resolution. First Federal maintains a strong process of internal control that subjects the loan
portfolio to periodic internal reviews as well as independent third-party loan review. 

Expansion Opportunities
-  First Defiance believes it is well positioned to take advantage of acquisitions or other business opportunities in its market
areas. First Defiance believes it has a track record of successfully accomplishing both acquisitions and de novo branching in
its market area. This track record puts the Company in a solid position to enter or expand its business. First Defiance will continue
to be disciplined as well as opportunistic in its approach to future acquisitions and de novo branching with a focus on its primary
geographic market area, which it knows well, and has been competing in for a long period of time, as well as surrounding market
areas. 

Investments 
- First Defiance invests in U.S. Treasury and federal government agency obligations, obligations of municipal and other political
subdivisions, mortgage-backed securities which are issued by federal agencies, corporate bonds, and collateralized mortgage obligations
( CMOs ) and real estate mortgage investment conduits ( REMICs ). Management determines the appropriate classification
of all such securities at the time of purchase in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 320. 

Securities are classified
as held-to-maturity when First Defiance has the positive intent and ability to hold the security to maturity. Held-to-maturity
securities are stated at amortized cost and had a recorded value of $191,000 at September 30, 2016. Securities not classified
as held-to-maturity are classified as available-for-sale, which are stated at fair value and had a recorded value of $234.2 million
at September 30, 2016. The available-for-sale portfolio consists of obligations of U.S. Government corporations and agencies ($2.0
million), certain municipal obligations ($86.3 million), CMOs/REMICs ($68.4 million), corporate bonds ($11.0 million), mortgage
backed securities ($66.6 million). 

In accordance with
ASC Topic 320, declines in the fair value of held-to-maturity and available-for-sale securities below their cost that are deemed
to be other than temporary are reflected in earnings as realized losses to the extent the impairment is related to credit losses.
The amount of the impairment related to other factors is recognized in other comprehensive income. 

Lending  - In
order to properly assess the collateral dependent loans included in its loan portfolio, the Company has established policies regarding
the monitoring of the collateral underlying such loans. The Company requires an appraisal that is less than one year old for all
new collateral dependent real estate loans, and all renewed collateral dependent real estate loans where significant new money
is extended. The appraisal process is handled by the Credit Department, which selects the appraiser and orders the appraisal.
First Defiance s loan policy prohibits the account officer from talking or communicating with the appraiser to insure that
the appraiser is not influenced by the account officer in any way in making their determination of value. 

First Federal generally
does not require updated appraisals for performing loans unless significant new money is requested by the borrower. 

When a collateral
dependent loan is downgraded to classified status, First Federal reviews the most current appraisal on file and, if necessary,
based on First Federal s assessment of the appraisal, such as age, market, etc., First Federal will discount this amount
to a more appropriate current value based on inputs from lenders and realtors. This amount may then be discounted further by First
Federal s estimation of the carrying and selling costs. In most instances, if the appraisal is more than twelve to fifteen
months old, we may require a new appraisal. Finally, First Federal assesses whether there is any collateral short fall, taking
into consideration guarantor support and liquidity, and determines if a charge off is necessary. 

When a collateral
dependent loan moves to non-performing status, First Federal generally gets a new third party appraisal and charges the loan down
appropriately based upon the new appraisal and an estimate of costs to liquidate the collateral. All properties that are moved
into the Other Real Estate Owned ( OREO ) category are supported by current appraisals, and the OREO is carried at
the lower of cost or fair value, which is determined based on appraised value less First Federal s estimate of the liquidation
costs. 

First Federal does
not adjust any appraisals upward without written documentation of this valuation change from the appraiser. When setting reserves
and charge offs on classified loans, appraisal values may be discounted downward based upon First Federal s experience with
liquidating similar properties. 

All loans over 90
days past due and/or on non-accrual are classified as non-performing loans. Non-performing status automatically occurs in the
month in which the 90 day delinquency occurs. 

As stated above, once
a collateral dependent loan is identified as non-performing, First Federal generally gets an appraisal. 

Appraisals are received
within approximately 60 days after they are requested. The First Federal Loan Loss Reserve Committee reviews the amount of each
new appraisal and makes any necessary charge off decisions at its meeting prior to the end of each quarter. 

Any partially charged-off
collateral dependent loans are considered non-performing, and as such, would need to show an extended period of time with satisfactory
payment performance as well as cash flow coverage capability supported by current financial statements before First Federal will
consider an upgrade to performing status. First Federal may consider moving the loan to accruing status after approximately six
months of satisfactory payment performance. 

For loans where First
Federal determines that an updated appraisal is not necessary, other means are used to verify the value of the real estate, such
as recent sales of similar properties on which First Federal had loans as well as calls to appraisers, brokers, realtors and investors.
First Federal monitors and tracks its loan to value quarterly to determine accuracy and any necessary charge offs. Based on these
results, changes may occur in the processes used. 

Loan modifications
constitute a TDR if First Federal for economic or legal reasons related to the borrower s financial difficulties grants
a concession to the borrower that it would not otherwise consider. For loans that are considered TDRs, First Federal either computes
the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the original loan s effective interest rate or it may measure
impairment based on the fair value of the collateral. For those loans measured for impairment utilizing the present value of future
cash flows method, any discount is carried as a reserve in the allowance for loan and lease losses. For those loans measured for
impairment utilizing the fair value of the collateral, any shortfall is charged off. 

Earnings  -
The profitability of First Defiance is primarily dependent on its net interest income and non-interest income. Net interest income
is the difference between interest income on interest-earning assets, principally loans and securities, and interest expense on
interest-bearing deposits, FHLB advances, and other borrowings. The Company s non-interest income is mainly derived from
service fees and other charges, mortgage banking income, and insurance commissions. First Defiance's earnings also depend on the
provision for loan losses and non-interest expenses, such as employee compensation and benefits, occupancy and equipment expense,
deposit insurance premiums, and miscellaneous other expenses, as well as federal income tax expense. 

Changes in Financial Condition   

At September 30, 2016,
First Defiance's total assets, deposits and stockholders' equity amounted to $2.45 billion, $1.93 billion and $292.1 million,
respectively, compared to $2.30 billion, $1.84 billion and $280.2 million, respectively, at December 31, 2015. 

Net loans receivable
(excluding loans held for sale) increased $122.9 million to $1.90 billion. The variance in loans receivable between September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 include increases in commercial real estate loans (up $95.4 million), commercial loans (up $36.8
million), home equity and improvement loans (up $1.2 million), and residential real estate loans (up $3.8 million). These increases
were slightly offset by a decrease in construction loans (down $14.5 million). 

The investment securities
portfolio decreased $2.3 million to $234.4 million at September 30, 2016 from $236.7 million at December 31, 2015. The decrease
is the result of $25.8 million of securities maturing or being called and $14.9 million of securities being sold during the first
nine months of 2016. This was partially offset by purchases of $35.5 million of securities. There was an unrealized gain in the
investment portfolio of $8.3 million at September 30, 2016 compared to an unrealized gain of $6.2 million at December 31, 2015. 

Deposits increased
$91.5 million to $1.93 billion at September 30, 2016 from $1.84 billion at December 31, 2015. Non-interest bearing demand deposits
increased $22.6 million to $443.3 million, interest-bearing demand deposits and money market accounts increased $43.2 million
to $810.4 million, savings deposits increased $21.4 million to $241.0 million retail time deposits increased $4.3 million to $432.9
million. 

Stockholders 
equity increased to $292.1 million at September 30, 2016 from $280.2 million at December 31, 2016. The increase in stockholders 
equity was the result of recording net income of $21.5 million, an increase in other comprehensive income of $1.3 million and
a $667,000 increase due to the exercise of stock options. These were partially offset by $5.9 million of common stock dividends
being paid in the first nine months of 2016 and $6.3 million in repurchased common stock. 

Average Balances, Net Interest Income
and Yields Earned and Rates Paid   

The following table
presents for the periods indicated the total dollar amount of interest from average interest-earning assets and the resultant
yields, as well as the interest expense on average interest-bearing liabilities, expressed both in thousands of dollars and rates,
and the net interest margin. The table reports interest income from tax-exempt loans and investment on a tax-equivalent basis.
All average balances are based upon daily balances (dollars in thousands). 

(1)  Interest on certain tax-exempt loans
                                         and securities is not taxable for Federal income tax purposes. In order to compare the
                                         tax-exempt yields on these assets to taxable yields, the interest earned on these assets
                                         is adjusted to a pre-tax equivalent amount based on the marginal corporate federal income
                                         tax rate of 35%.   

(2)  Annualized   

(3)  Securities yield=annualized interest
                                         income divided by the average balance of securities, excluding average unrealized gains/losses.   

(4)  Net interest margin is net interest
                                         income divided by average interest-earning assets.   

(1)  Interest on certain tax-exempt loans
                                         and securities is not taxable for Federal income tax purposes. In order to compare the
                                         tax-exempt yields on these assets to taxable yields, the interest earned on these assets
                                         is adjusted to a pre-tax equivalent amount based on the marginal corporate federal income
                                         tax rate of 35%.   

(2)  Annualized.   

(3)  Securities yield=annualized interest
                                         income divided by the average balance of securities, excluding average unrealized gains/losses.   

(4)  Net interest margin is net interest
                                         income divided by average interest-earning assets.   

Results of Operations   

Three Months Ended September 30,
2016 and 2015   

On a consolidated
basis, First Defiance s net income for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 was $7.0 million compared to net income of $6.7
million for the comparable period in 2015. On a per share basis, basic and diluted earnings per common share for the quarter ended
September 30, 2016 were both $0.78, compared to basic and diluted earnings per common share of $0.72 for the same period in 2015. 

Net Interest Income  

First Defiance s
net interest income is determined by its interest rate spread (i.e. the difference between the yields on its interest-earning
assets and the rates paid on its interest-bearing liabilities) and the relative amounts of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing
liabilities. 

Net interest income
was $19.8 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, up from $18.5 million for the same period in 2015. The tax-equivalent
net interest margin was 3.69% for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, a decrease from 3.78% for the same period in 2015. The
decrease in margin between the 2016 and 2015 third quarters was due to a decrease in interest-earning asset yields, which decreased
to 4.09% for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, down 4 basis points from 4.13% for the same period in 2015. The cost of interest-bearing
liabilities between the two periods increased 7 basis points to 0.52% in the third quarter of 2016 from 0.45% in the same period
in 2015. Total average loans grew $183.4 million since September 30, 2015 while interest bearing liabilities, including non-interest
bearing demand deposits, increased $184.5 million for that same period. The change in interest bearing liability mix combined
with lower earning asset yields resulted in a lower net interest margin for the third quarter of 2016. Management is encouraged
by the continued growth in loan and deposit balances and looks for additional opportunities to maintain or minimize any negative
impact to its margin in this sustained low rate environment. 

Total interest income
increased $1.7 million to $22.0 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from $20.3 million for the same period in 2015.
The yield on total interest earning assets decreased to 4.09% for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from 4.13% for the same
period in 2015. The loan portfolio yield decreased slightly to 4.30% for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from 4.32% for the
same period in 2015 while investment portfolio yields declined to 3.37% for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from 3.63% for
the same period in 2015. The decline in the investment yield was mainly attributed to an increase in amortization expense as the
prepayments speeds increased in the third quarter as rates declined as well as new purchases being recorded below the current
portfolio yield. Income from loans increased to $20.3 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared to $18.4 million
for the same period in 2015 due to $183.4 million of average loan growth year over year. Interest income from investments decreased
to $1.5 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from $1.7 million for the same period in 2015 due to the aforementioned
drop in yield above. 

Total interest expense
increased $450,000 in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, to $2.2 million from $1.7 million. There
was a 7 basis point increase in the average cost of interest-bearing liabilities in the third quarter of 2016 due to a slight
increase in the rates on interest bearing deposits. Interest expense related to interest-bearing deposits increased to $1.6 million
in the third quarter of 2016 from $1.4 million in the same period in 2015. Interest expense recognized by the Company related
to subordinated debentures was $191,000 in the third quarter of 2016 compared to $154,000 for the same period in 2015. Expenses
on FHLB advances and securities sold under repurchase agreements were $322,000 and $35,000 respectively in the third quarter of
2016 compared to $178,000 and $38,000 respectively for the same period in 2015. 

Allowance for Loan Losses  

The allowance for
loan losses represents management s assessment of the estimated probable incurred credit losses in the loan portfolio at
each balance sheet date. Management analyzes the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses regularly through reviews of the loan
portfolio. Consideration is given to economic conditions, changes in interest rates and the effect of such changes on collateral
values and borrower s ability to pay, changes in the composition of the loan portfolio and trends in past due and non-performing
loan balances. The allowance for loan losses is a material estimate that is susceptible to significant fluctuation and is established
through a provision for loan losses based on management s evaluation of the inherent risk in the loan portfolio. In addition
to extensive in-house loan monitoring procedures, the Company utilizes an outside party to conduct an independent loan review
of commercial loan and commercial real estate loan relationships. The goal is to have approximately 55% to 60% of the portfolio
reviewed annually. This includes all relationships over $5.0 million with new exposure greater than $2.0 million and a sample
of those relationships greater than $5.0 million; loan relationships between $1.0 million and $5.0 million with new exposure greater
than $750,000 and a sample of those relationships between $1.0 million and $5.0 million; and a sample of relationships less than
$1.0 million. Management utilizes the results of this outside loan review to assess the effectiveness of its internal loan grading
system as well as to assist in the assessment of the overall adequacy of the allowance for loan losses associated with these types
of loans. 

The allowance
for loan loss is made up of two basic components. The first component of the allowance for loan loss is the specific reserve in
which the Company sets aside reserves based on the analysis of individual impaired credits. In establishing specific reserves,
the Company analyzes all substandard, doubtful and loss graded loans quarterly and makes judgments about the risk of loss based
on the cash flow of the borrower, the value of any collateral and the financial strength of any guarantors. If the loan is impaired
and cash flow dependent, then a specific reserve is established for the discount on the net present value of expected future cash
flows. If the loan is impaired and collateral dependent, then any shortfall is usually charged off. The Company also considers
the impacts of any Small Business Association or Farm Service Agency guarantees. The specific reserves were $254,000 at September
30, 2016 compared to $437,000 at December 31, 2015. 

The second component
is a general reserve, which is used to record loan loss reserves for groups of homogenous loans in which the Company estimates
the losses incurred in the portfolio based on quantitative and qualitative factors. For purposes of the general reserve analysis,
the loan portfolio is stratified into nine different loan pools based on loan type to allocate historic loss experience. The loss
experience factor is then applied to the non-impaired loan portfolio. Beginning June 30, 2015, the Company refined the methodology
to its allowance for loan loss calculation pertaining to the general reserve component for non-impaired loans. There was no change
to the calculation of the component for reserves on impaired loans. Within the general reserve, the determination of the historical
loss component was modified from using a three-year average annual loss rate to a loss migration measurement. The loss migration
measurement implemented June 30, 2015, utilizes an average of four (4) four-year loss migration periods for each loan portfolio
segment with differentiation between loan risk grades. This approach provides for a more precise reflection of probable incurred
losses by risk grade within each loan portfolio segment over an average loan life cycle. Management believes that capturing the
risk grade changes and cumulative losses over the life cycle of a loan more accurately depicts management s estimate of
historical losses as well as being more reflective of the ongoing risks in the loan portfolio. Prior to June 30, 2015, the approach
to this component quantified the historical loss by calculating a rolling twelve quarter average annual loss rate for each portfolio
segment, without differentiation between loan risk grades. This modification resulted in a change in the general reserves between
the loan portfolio segments but did not have a material impact on the overall allowance for loan losses. 

The quantitative general
allowance decreased $900,000 to $8.9 million at September 30, 2016 from $9.8 million at December 31, 2015 primarily due to
the roll off of a high charge-off quarter in the migration analysis resulting in a lower migration loss percentage for a majority
of loan segments. 

In addition to the
quantitative analysis, a qualitative analysis is performed each quarter to provide additional general reserves on the non-impaired
loan portfolio for various factors. The overall qualitative factors are based on nine sub-factors. The nine sub-factors have been
aggregated into three qualitative factors: economic, environment and risk. 

ECONOMIC  

1)  Changes in international, national and local economic business
                                         conditions and developments, including the condition of various market segments.   

2)  Changes in the value of underlying collateral for collateral dependent
                                         loans.   

ENVIRONMENT  

3)  Changes in the nature and volume in the loan portfolio.   

4)  The existence and effect of any concentrations of credit and changes
                                         in the level of such concentrations.   

5)  Changes in lending policies and procedures, including underwriting
                                         standards and collection, charge-off and recovery practices.   

6)  Changes in the quality and breadth of the loan review process.   

7)  Changes in the experience, ability and depth of lending management
                                         and staff.   

RISK  

8)  Changes in the trends of the volume and severity of delinquent
                                         and classified loans, and changes in the volume of non-accrual loans, trouble debt restructuring,
                                         and other loan modifications.   

9)  Changes in the political and regulatory
                                         environment.   

The qualitative analysis
at September 30, 2016 indicated a general reserve of $16.8 million compared with $15.2 million at December 31, 2015. Management
reviewed the overall economic, environmental and risk factors and determined that it was appropriate to increase, primarily, the
economic factors, due to uncertain global economic conditions and related market volatility which present higher than normal risks
to the U.S. economy. 

First Defiance s
general reserve percentages for main loan segments not otherwise classified ranged from 0.50% for pass rated construction loans
to 1.81% for home equity and improvement loans at September 30, 2016. 

As a result of the
quantitative and qualitative analyses, along with the change in specific reserves, the Company recorded a provision for loan losses
of $15,000 in the third quarter of 2016 compared to a credit provision of $27,000 for the same period in 2015. The allowance for
loan losses was $25.9 million and $25.4 million and represented 1.35% and 1.41% of loans, net of undisbursed loan funds and deferred
fees and costs, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Charge offs of $314,000 were partially offset by
recoveries of $274,000 and a provision of $15,000, resulted in a slight decrease to the overall allowance for loan loss of $25,000
for the third quarter of 2016. In management s opinion, the overall allowance for loan losses of $25.9 million as of September
30, 2016 is adequate. 

Management also assesses
the value of real estate owned as of the end of each accounting period and recognizes write-downs to the value of that real estate
in the income statement if conditions dictate. For the quarter ended September 30, 2016, First Defiance had write-downs that totaled
$22,000 for real estate held for sale. Management believes that the values recorded at September 30, 2016 for real estate owned
and repossessed assets represent the realizable value of such assets. 

Total classified loans
decreased to $33.7 million at September 30, 2016, compared to $49.1 million at December 31, 2015. 

First Defiance s
ratio of allowance for loan losses to non-performing loans was 142.5% at September 30, 2016 compared with 156.1% at December 31,
2015. Management monitors collateral values of all loans included on the watch list that are collateral dependent and believes
that the allowances for those loans at September 30, 2016 are appropriate. Of the $18.2 million in non-accrual loans at September
30, 2016, $13.5 million or 74.0% are less than 90 days past due. 

At September 30, 2016,
First Defiance had total non-performing assets of $18.9 million, compared to $17.6 million at December 31, 2015. Non-performing
assets include loans that are on non-accrual, real estate owned and other assets held for sale. Non-performing assets at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 by category were as follows: 

Table 1   Nonperforming Asset  

* Total loans are net of undisbursed loan funds and deferred
fees and costs. 

Non-performing loans
in the commercial loan category represented 0.71% of the total loans in those categories at September 30, 2016 compared to 0.73%
for the same category at December 31, 2015. Non-performing loans in the commercial real estate loan category represented 1.08%
of the total loans in those categories at September 30, 2016 compared to 1.04% for the same category at December 31, 2015. Management
believes that the current allowance for loan losses is appropriate and that the provision for loan losses is consistent with both
charge-off experience and the risk inherent in the overall credits in the portfolio. 

First Federal s
Asset Review Committee meets monthly to review the status of work-out strategies for all criticized relationships, which include
all non-accrual loans. Based on such factors as anticipated collateral values in liquidation scenarios, cash flow projections,
assessment of net worth of guarantors and all other factors which may mitigate risk of loss, the Asset Review Committee makes
recommendations regarding proposed charge-offs which are approved by the Senior Loan Committee or the Loan Loss Reserve Committee. 

Table 2   Net Charge-offs and Non-accruals
by Loan Type 

Table 3   Allowance for Loan Loss Activity 

The following table
sets forth information concerning the allocation of First Federal s allowance for loan losses by loan categories at the
dates indicated. 

Table 4   Allowance for Loan Loss
Allocation by Loan Category 

Key Asset Quality Ratio Trends   

Table 5   Key Asset Quality Ratio Trends 

* Total loans are net of undisbursed funds
and deferred fees and costs. 

Non-Interest
Income  . 

Total non-interest income for the third
quarter of 2016 was $8.5 million compared with $8.0 million in the third quarter of 2015. 

Service Fees.
  Service fees and other charges decreased by $34,000 to $2.77 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to $2.80 in
the same period in 2015. 

First Federal s
overdraft privilege program generally provides for the automatic payment of modest overdraft limits on all accounts deemed to
be in good standing when the account is accessed using paper-based check processing, a teller withdrawal, a point-of-sale terminal,
an ACH transaction, an online banking or voice-response transfer, or an ATM. To be in good standing, an account must be brought
to a positive balance within a 30-day period and have not excessively used the overdraft privilege program. Overdraft limits are
established for all customers without discrimination using a risk assessment approach for each account classification. The approach
includes a systematic review and evaluation of the normal deposit flows made to each account classification to establish reasonable
and prudent negative balance limits that would be routinely repaid by normal, expected and reoccurring deposits. The risk assessment
by portfolio approach assumes a minimal degree of undetermined credit risk associated with unidentified individual accounts that
are overdrawn for 30 or more days. Consumer accounts overdrawn for more than 60 days are automatically charged off. Fees are charged
as a one-time fee per occurrence, up to five charges per day, and the fee charged for an item that is paid is equal to the fee
charged for a non-sufficient fund item that is returned. 

Overdrawn balances,
net of allowance for losses, are reflected as loans on First Defiance s balance sheet. The fees charged for this service
are established based both on the return of processing costs plus a profit, and on the level of fees charged by competitors in
the Company s market area for similar services. These fees are considered to be compensation for providing a service to
the customer and therefore deemed to be noninterest income rather than interest income. Fee income recorded for the quarters ending
September 30, 2016 and 2015 related to the overdraft privilege product, net of adjustments to the allowance for uncollectible
overdrafts, were $659,000 and $752,000, respectively. Accounts charged off are included in noninterest expense. The allowance
for uncollectible overdrafts was $16,000 at September 30, 2016, $18,000 at December 31, 2015 and $27,000 at September 30, 2015. 

Mortgage Banking
Activity  . Total revenue from the sale and servicing of mortgage loans increased $359,000 to $2.0 million for the third
quarter of 2016 compared to $1.7 million for the same period in 2015. Mortgage banking activity was elevated from the third quarter
a year ago, with our markets experiencing higher purchase and refinance loan volumes. Gains realized from the sale of mortgage
loans increased in the third quarter of 2016 to $1.7 million from $1.2 million in the same period in 2015. Mortgage loan servicing
revenue was $885,000 in the third quarter of 2016, up slightly from $866,000 in the third quarter of 2015. The amortization of
mortgage servicing rights expense increased $129,000 to $536,000 in the third quarter of 2016 compared to $407,000 for the same
period in 2015. The Company recorded a positive valuation adjustment of $7,000 on mortgage servicing rights in the third quarter
of 2016 compared to a positive valuation adjustment of $24,000 for the same period in 2015. 

Gain on Sale
on Non-Mortgage Loans.   Gains on the sale of non-mortgages, which include SBA and FSA loans, totaled $148,000 in the third
quarter of 2016 compared to $543,000 in the third quarter of 2015 mainly due to a decrease in volume of these types of loans. 

Gain on Sale
of Securities.   The third quarter 2016 had $151,000 in gains on the sale of securities, compared to no gain or losses in
the third quarter of 2015. 

Trust
Income.   Trust income was $420,000 in the third quarter of 2016, up 13.5% from $370,000 for the same period in 2015. 

Other Non-Interest
Income  . Other income increased $263,000 in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the same period of 2015, which is mainly
the result of a $62,000 increase in the value of the assets of the Company s deferred compensation plan versus a decrease
of $166,000 in the third quarter of 2015. 

Non-Interest Expense.   

Non-interest expense
increased to $18.3 million for the third quarter of 2016, an increase of $1.5 million compared to $16.8 million in the third quarter
of 2015. 

Compensation
and Benefits  . Compensation and benefits increased to $10.3 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from $9.8
million for the same period in 2015. The increase is mainly attributable to merit increases, staff additions to support growth
strategies and higher incentive compensation. 

Acquisition
Related Charges.   There was $252,000      of costs related to the pending merger with Commercial Bancshares
included in expenses in the third quarter of 2016. 

Other
Non-Interest Expense  .  Other non-interest expense of $3.4 million in the third quarter of 2016, increased from $2.8
million in the third quarter of 2015 primarily due to an increase in the value of the liabilities of the deferred compensation
plan which totaled $296,000 in the third quarter 2016 versus a credit of $182,000 in the same quarter of 2015. 

The efficiency ratio,
considering tax equivalent interest income and excluding securities gains and losses, for the third quarter of 2016 was 63.87%
compared to 62.41% for the same period in 2015. 

Income Taxes . 

First
Defiance computes federal income tax expense in accordance with ASC Topic 740, Subtopic 942, which resulted in an effective tax
rate of 29.82% for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared to 30.93% for the same period in 2015. The tax rate is lower
than the statutory 35% tax rate for the Company mainly because of investments in tax-exempt securities and bank-owned life insurance
( BOLI ). The earnings on tax-exempt securities and BOLI are not subject to federal income tax.  As a result
of adopting ASU 2016-09, a $54,000 credit to tax expense was recorded in the third quarter of 2016. 

Nine Months Ended September 30,
2016 and 2015    

On a consolidated
basis, First Defiance s net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $21.5 million compared to income of
$19.9 million for the same period in 2015. On a per share basis, basic and diluted earnings per common share for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 were $2.39 and $2.37, respectively, compared to basic and diluted earnings per common share of $2.15
and $2.11, respectively, for the same period in 2015. 

Net Interest Income  

Net interest income
was $58.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $55.1 million for the same period in 2015. For the
nine month period ended September 30, 2016, total interest income increased $4.6 million to $64.6 million compared to $60.1 million
for the same period in 2015. 

Interest expense increased
by $1.2 million to $6.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $5.0 million for the same period in 2015.
The increase is attributable to average interest-bearing liabilities increasing $109.7 million from September 30, 2015 to September
30, 2016. 

Net interest margin
for the first nine months of 2016 was 3.73%, down 9 basis points from the 3.82% margin reported in the nine month period ended
September 30, 2015. 

Provision for Loan
Losses  

The provision for
loan losses was $432,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $93,000 during the nine months ended September
30, 2015. Charge-offs for the first nine months of 2016 totaled $887,000 and recoveries of previously charged off loans totaled
$996,000 for net recoveries of $109,000. By comparison, $1.1 million of charge-offs were recorded in the same period of 2015 and
$1.4 million of recoveries were realized for net recoveries of $349,000. 

Non-Interest Income  

Total non-interest
income increased to $25.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $24.1 million recognized for the same period
in 2015. 

Service Fees.
  Service fees and other charges were $8.2 million for the first nine months of 2016, up from $8.0 million for the same
period in 2015. 

Mortgage Banking
Activity.   Total revenue from the sale and servicing of mortgage loans was $5.3 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 compared to $5.2 million for the same period in 2015. Gains realized from the sale of mortgage loans increased $375,000
to $4.1 million for the first nine months of 2016 from $3.7 million for the same period in 2015. Mortgage loan servicing revenue
remained flat at $2.6 million in the first nine months of 2016 and 2015. The gains realized from the sale of mortgage loans were
partially offset by a decrease in the valuation of mortgage servicing rights. The Company recorded a negative valuation adjustment
of $118,000 in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a positive adjustment of $191,000 in the same period of 2015. 

Gain on Sale
on Non-Mortgage Loans.   Gain on the sale of non-mortgages, which includes SBA and FSA loans, totaled $604,000 in the first
nine months of 2016 compared to $776,000 in the same period of 2015, a decrease of $172,000. 

Gain on Sale
of Securities.    First Defiance recorded a gain on the sale or call of securities of $509,000 in the first nine months
of 2016 compared with no securities gains or losses during the same period of 2015. 

Other Non-Interest
Income.   Other income increased $534,000 for the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period of 2015, which is
mainly the result of a $48,000 increase in the value of the liabilities of the Company s deferred compensation plan versus
a decrease of $237,000 in the first nine months of 2015. 

Non-Interest Expense  

Non-interest expense
was $52.9 million for the first nine months of 2016, up from $50.5 million for the same period in 2015. 

Compensation
and Benefits  . Compensation and benefits increased to $30.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to $27.9 million for the same period in 2015. The increase is mainly attributable to merit increases, staff additions to support
growth strategies and higher medical insurance costs. 

Acquisition
Related Charges.   There was $252,000      of costs related to the pending merger with Commercial Bancshares
included in expenses in the first nine months of 2016. 

Other Non-Interest
Expenses  . Other non-interest expenses decreased $271,000 to $9.5 million for the first nine months of 2016 from $9.8 million
for the same period in 2015. The decrease is due to lower OREO write-downs of $650,000 and management consulting of $381,000 partially
offset by higher deferred compensation plan costs of $484,000 

The efficiency ratio
for the first nine months of 2016 was 62.24% compared to 62.72% for the same period in 2015. 

Income Taxes . 

First
Defiance computes federal income tax expense in accordance with ASC Topic 740, Subtopic 942, which resulted in an effective tax
rate of 30.26% for the first nine months of 2016 compared to 30.38% for the same period in 2015. The tax rate is lower than the
statutory 35% tax rate for the Company mainly because of investments in tax-exempt securities and bank-owned life insurance ( BOLI ).
The earnings on tax-exempt securities and BOLI are not subject to federal income tax.  As a result of adopting ASU 2016-09,
a $184,000 credit to tax expense was recorded for the first nine months of 2016. 

Liquidity  

As a regulated financial
institution, First Federal is required to maintain appropriate levels of  liquid  assets to meet short-term funding
requirements. 

First Defiance had
$16.3 million of cash provided by operating activities during the first nine months of 2016. 

At September 30, 2016,
First Federal had $172.4 million in outstanding loan commitments and loans in process to be funded generally within the next six
months and an additional $445.9 million committed under existing consumer and commercial lines of credit and standby letters of
credit. Also at that date, First Federal had commitments to sell $38.1 million of mortgage loans. First Defiance believes that
it has adequate resources to fund commitments as they arise and that it can adjust the rate on savings certificates to retain
deposits in changing interest rate environments. If First Defiance requires funds beyond its internal funding capabilities, advances
from the FHLB of Cincinnati and other financial institutions are available. 

Liquidity risk arises
from the possibility that the Company may not be able to meet its financial obligations and operating cash needs or may become
overly reliant upon external funding sources. In order to manage this risk, the Company s Board of Directors has established
a Liquidity Policy that identifies primary sources of liquidity, establishes procedures for monitoring and measuring liquidity
and quantifies minimum liquidity requirements. This policy designates First Federal s Asset/Liability Committee ( ALCO )
as the body responsible for meeting these objectives. The ALCO reviews liquidity on a monthly basis and approves significant changes
in strategies that affect balance sheet or cash flow positions. Liquidity is centrally managed on a daily basis by the Company s
Chief Financial Officer and Controller. 

Capital Resources  

Capital is managed
at First Federal and on a consolidated basis. Capital levels are maintained based on regulatory capital requirements and the economic
capital required to support credit, market, liquidity and operational risks inherent in our business, as well as flexibility needed
for future growth and new business opportunities. 

In July 2013, the
federal banking agencies approved the final rules implementing the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision s capital guidelines
for U.S. banks (commonly known as Basel III). Under the final rules, which began for the Company and the Bank on January 1, 2015
and are subject to a phase-in period through January 1, 2019, minimum requirements increased for both quantity and quality of
capital held by the Company and the Bank. The rules include a new minimum common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets
ratio ( CET1 ) of 4.5% and a capital conservation buffer of 2.5% of risk-weighted assets, which when fully phased-in,
effectively results in a minimum CET1 ratio of 7.0%. Basel III raises the minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets
from 4.0% to 6.0% (which, with the capital conservation buffer, effectively results in a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5%
when fully phased-in), which effectively results in a minimum total capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 10.5% (with the capital
conservation buffer fully phased-in), and requires a minimum leverage ratio of 4.0%. Basel III also makes changes to risk weights
for certain assets and off-balance sheet exposures. 

The Company met each
of the well capitalized ratio guidelines at September 30, 2016. The following table indicates the capital ratios for First Defiance
and First Federal at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. (In Thousands): 

(1)  Core capital is computed as a
                                         percentage of adjusted total assets of $2.36 billion consolidated and $2.35 billion for
                                         the Bank. Risk-based capital is computed as a percentage of total risk-weighted assets
                                         of $2.21 billion for consolidated and the Bank.   

(1)  Core capital is computed as a
                                         percentage of adjusted total assets of $2.21 billion for consolidated and the Bank. Risk-based
                                         capital is computed as a percentage of total risk-weighted assets of $2.04 billion for
                                         consolidated and the Bank.   

Critical Accounting Policies  

First Defiance has
established various accounting policies which govern the application of accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States in the preparation of its financial statements. The significant accounting policies of First Defiance are described in
the footnotes to the consolidated financial statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2015. Certain accounting policies involve significant judgments and assumptions by management, which have a
material impact on the carrying value of certain assets and liabilities; management considers such accounting policies to be critical
accounting policies. Those policies which are identified and discussed in detail in the Company s 2015 Annual Report on
Form 10-K include the Allowance for Loan Losses, Goodwill, and the Valuation of Mortgage Servicing Rights. There have been no
material changes in assumptions or judgments relative to those critical policies during the first nine months of 2016. 

Item 3. Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

As discussed in detail
in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, First Defiance s ability to maximize net income
is dependent on management s ability to plan and control net interest income through management of the pricing and mix of
assets and liabilities. Because a large portion of assets and liabilities of First Defiance are monetary in nature, changes in
interest rates and monetary or fiscal policy affect its financial condition and can have significant impact on the net income
of the Company. First Defiance does not use off-balance sheet derivatives to enhance its risk management, nor does it engage in
trading activities beyond the sale of mortgage loans. 

First Defiance monitors
its exposure to interest rate risk on a monthly basis through simulation analysis that measures the impact changes in interest
rates can have on net interest income. The simulation technique analyzes the effect of a presumed 100 basis point shift in interest
rates (which is consistent with management s estimate of the range of potential interest rate fluctuations) and takes into
account prepayment speeds on amortizing financial instruments, loan and deposit volumes and rates, non-maturity deposit assumptions
and capital requirements. 

The table below presents,
for the twelve months subsequent to September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, an estimate of the change in net interest income
that would result from a gradual (ramp) and immediate (shock) change in interest rates, moving in a parallel fashion over the
entire yield curve, relative to the measured base case scenario. Based on our net interest income simulation as of September 30,
2016, net interest income sensitivity to changes in interest rates for the twelve months subsequent to September 30, 2016 was
slightly more asset sensitive for the ramp and shock compared to the sensitivity profile for the twelve months subsequent to December
31, 2015. This is due in part to our strategy to grow longer term loans and fund that growth out of existing liquidity. 

To analyze the impact
of changes in interest rates in a more realistic manner, non-parallel interest rate scenarios are also simulated. These non-parallel
interest rate scenarios indicate that net interest income may decrease from the base case scenario should the yield curve flatten
or become inverted for a period of time. Conversely, if the yield curve should steepen, net interest income may increase. 

The results of all
the simulation scenarios are within the board mandated guidelines as of September 30, 2016. 

In addition to the
simulation analysis, First Defiance also uses an economic value of equity ( EVE ) analysis to measure risk in the
balance sheet incorporating all cash flows over the estimated remaining life of all balance sheet positions. The EVE analysis
generally calculates the net present value of First Federal s assets and liabilities in rate shock environments that range
from -400 basis points to +400 basis points. However, the likelihood of a decrease in rates beyond 100 basis points as of September
30, 2016 was considered to be remote given the current interest rate environment and, therefore, was not included in this analysis.
The results of this analysis are reflected in the following tables for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the year-ended
December 31, 2015. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures   

Disclosure controls
are procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company's reports filed under the Exchange
Act, such as this report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules
and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to management,
including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures,
no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance of achieving the desired control
objectives, as ours are designed to do, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit
relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

An evaluation was
carried out under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's management, including the Chief Executive Officer
and the Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of September 30, 2016. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

No changes occurred
in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal controls over financial reporting. 

FIRST
DEFIANCE  FINANCIAL CORP. 

PART II-OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings   

Neither First Defiance
nor any of its subsidiaries is engaged in any legal proceedings of a material nature. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors    

There are no material
changes from the risk factors set forth under Part I, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  in the Company s Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity
Securities and Use of Proceeds   

(a)  The Company had no unregistered
                                         sales of equity securities during the quarter ended September 30, 2016.   

(b)  Not applicable.   

(c)  The following table provides information
                                         regarding First Defiance s purchases of its common stock during the three-month
                                         period ended September 30, 2016:   

(1)    On
                                         January 29, 2016, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized another
                                         program for the repurchase of up to 5% of the outstanding common shares or 450,000 shares.
                                         There is no expiration date for the new repurchase program. No shares were repurchased
                                         during the quarter ended September 30, 2016.    

Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities   

Not applicable. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures   

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information   

(a)  Not applicable.   

(b)  There have been no material changes
                                         to the procedures by which shareholders may recommend nominees to the First Defiance
                                         Board of Directors.   

Item 6. Exhibits   

Exhibit 2.1  
      Agreement and Plan of Merger,
    dated as of August 23, 2016 by and between First Defiance and Commercial Bancshares, Inc. (1)   

Exhibit 3.1  
      Articles of Incorporation of First Defiance
    (2)   

Exhibit 3.2  
      Code of Regulations of First Defiance (2)   

Exhibit 3.3  
      Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation
    of First   Defiance (3)   

Exhibit 31.1  
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant
    to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

Exhibit 31.2  
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant
    to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

Exhibit 32.1  
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant
    to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

Exhibit 32.2  
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant
    to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

Exhibit 101  
      The following financial information from the Registrant's Quarterly
    Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 is formatted in eXtensible Business Reporting Language ( XBRL ):
    (i) Unaudited Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheet at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, (ii) Unaudited Consolidated
    Condensed Statements of Income for the Three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (iii) Unaudited Consolidated
    Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iv) Unaudited
    Consolidated Condensed Statements of Changes in Stockholder  Equity for the Nine Months ended September 30, 2016 and
    2015, (v) Unaudited Consolidated Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
    and (vi) Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements.   

FIRST DEFIANCE FINANCIAL
CORP. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

First Defiance Financial
    Corp.   

(Registrant)   

Date:   November 7, 2016   
      By:   
      /s/
    Donald P. Hileman   

Donald P. Hileman   

President and   

Chief Executive Officer   

Date:   November 7, 2016   
      By:  
      /s/
    Kevin T. Thompson   

Kevin T. Thompson   

Executive Vice President and   

Chief Financial Officer   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v450990_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT 

I, Donald P. Hileman, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of First Defiance Financial Corp.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. 

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:   November 7, 2016     
      /s/ Donald P. Hileman   

Donald P. Hileman   

President and    

Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v450990_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT 

I, Kevin T. Thompson, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of First Defiance Financial Corp.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:   November 7, 2016   
      /s/ Kevin T. Thompson   

Kevin T. Thompson   

Executive Vice President and    

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v450990_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of First Defiance Financial Corp. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Donald P. Hileman, Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
and in connection with this quarterly report on Form 10-Q that: 

1.  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, and   

2.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the Company's
financial condition and results of operations.   

Date:  November 7, 2016   
      /s/ Donald P. Hileman   

Donald P. Hileman   

Chief Executive Officer   

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and
will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v450990_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of First Defiance Financial Corp. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Kevin T. Thompson, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
and in connection with this quarterly report on Form 10-Q that: 

1.  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, and   

2.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the Company's
financial condition and results of operations.   

Date:  November 7, 2016   
          
      /s/ Kevin T. Thompson   

Kevin T. Thompson   

Chief Financial Officer   

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 fdef-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 fdef-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 fdef-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 fdef-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 fdef-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 fdef-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

