<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1196501_0001171843-16-013099_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3368362</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>188911</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>252651</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>670752</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1447005</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>720897</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>65</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001171843-16-013099.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109172609
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001171843-16-013099
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HMS HOLDINGS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001196501
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				113656261
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50194
		FILM NUMBER:		161985257

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5615 HIGH POINT DRIVE
		CITY:			IRVING
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75038
		BUSINESS PHONE:		214-453-3000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5615 HIGH POINT DRIVE
		CITY:			IRVING
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75038

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001171843-16-013099.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 f10q_110916p.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES   

   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION   

   Washington, D.C. 20549   

FORM 10-Q   

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

Or  

For the transition period from                 to                   

Commission File Number 000-50194  

HMS HOLDINGS CORP.   

  (Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter)  

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including
Area Code) 

  (214) 453-3000  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes      No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   Yes      No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check
one): 

Large accelerated filer    
       
      Accelerated filer     

Non-accelerated filer    
       
      Smaller reporting company     

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes      No    

As of November 4, 2016, there were approximately 84,658,861  shares of the registrant s common stock
(par value $0.01 per share) outstanding. 

HMS HOLDINGS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q  

  FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2016  

  INDEX  

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements   

This Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q of HMS Holdings Corp. (together with its subsidiaries  HMS,  the  Company,   we,   our 
or  us ) contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. From time to time, we also provide forward-looking statements in other materials we release to the public,
as well as oral forward-looking statements. Such statements give our current expectations or forecasts of future events; they do
not relate strictly to historical or current facts.  

We have tried, wherever possible, to
identify such statements by using words such as  aim,   anticipate,   believe,   estimate, 
 expect,   forecast,   intend,   likely,   may,   plan, 
 project,   seek,   target,   will,   would,   could, 
 should,  and similar expressions and references to guidance, although some forward-looking statements may be expressed
differently. In particular, these include statements relating to future actions, business plans, objectives and prospects, future
operating or financial performance or results of current and anticipated services, acquisitions and the performance of companies
we have acquired, sales efforts, expenses, interest rates, financial results, and the impact of current, pending and future U.S.
healthcare legislation or changes to healthcare spending affecting Medicare, Medicaid or other publicly funded or subsidized health
programs.  

We cannot guarantee that any
forward-looking statement will be realized. Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions regarding
our business, the economy and other future conditions. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying
assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could differ materially from past results and those anticipated, estimated or projected.
We caution you, therefore, against relying on any of these forward-looking statements. They are neither statements of historical
fact nor guarantees or assurances of future performance. These risks and uncertainties include, among other things, changes in
the U.S. healthcare environment or healthcare financing system; negative or reduced growth rate of spending on Medicaid/Medicare;
our ability to retain customers or the loss of one or more major customers; the unexpected reduction in scope or termination of
a significant contract; customer dissatisfaction or our non-compliance with contractual provisions or regulatory requirements;
our failure to meet performance standards triggering significant costs or liabilities under our contracts; emergence of new competitors
or competitors  introduction of new or superior products or services; intellectual property rights, confidential and proprietary
information; the cancellation or delay of procurements or contract implementation due to protests or challenges to government awards;
regulatory, budgetary or political actions that affect procurement practices; our ability to continue to secure contracts or favorable
contract terms through the competitive bidding process; our ability to execute our business plans or growth strategy; variations
in our results of operations; development and implementation of new product solutions or new process improvements; the risk that
guidance may not be achieved; our ability to maintain effective information and technology systems and networks, and to protect
them from damage, interruption or breach, including cyber-security breaches and other disruptions; our failure to comply with applicable
laws and regulations governing the conduct of certain electronic health transactions and the confidentiality of individually identifiable
health information or to protect such information from theft and misuse; the nature of investment and acquisition opportunities
we are pursuing, and the successful execution of such investments and acquisitions; our ability to successfully integrate acquired
businesses; the failure to realize the full value of goodwill or intangible assets from acquisitions; negative results of government
or customer reviews, audits or investigations; state or federal limitations related to the outsourcing of certain government programs
or functions; our reliance on subcontractors, vendors or other third party providers and sources to perform services; pending or
threatened litigation; unfavorable outcomes in legal proceedings; restrictions on bidding or performing certain work due to perceived
conflicts of interests; our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and key personnel and to manage leadership transitions
effectively; our cash flows from operations, available cash and ability to generate sufficient cash to cover our interest and principal
payments under our credit facility or to borrow or use credit; unanticipated changes in our effective tax rates; unanticipated
increases in the number or amount of claims for which we are self-insured; the market price of our common stock and lack of dividend
payments; risks related to internal control over financial reporting; and anti-takeover provisions in our corporate governance
documents. These and other risks are discussed under the headings  Part I, Item 1. Business,   Part I, Item 1A,
Risk Factors  and  Part II, Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk,  of our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and in other documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  

Any forward-looking statements made
by us in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q speak only as of the date on which they are made. Factors or events that could cause
actual results to differ may emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We undertake no obligation
to publicly update forward- looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may
be required by law. You are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our other filings
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including, but not limited to, our Current Reports on Form 8- K.  

Market and Industry Data  

This Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q contains market, industry and government data and forecasts that have been obtained from publicly available information, various
industry publications and other published industry sources. We have not independently verified the information and cannot make
any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of such information. None of the reports and other materials of third party
sources referred to in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q were prepared for use in, or in connection with, this Quarterly Report.  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

HMS HOLDINGS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

   (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts)   

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated
financial statements. 

3    

HMS HOLDINGS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME  

  (in thousands, except per share amounts)  

  (unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated
financial statements. 

4    

HMS HOLDINGS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF SHAREHOLDERS 
EQUITY  

  (in thousands, except share amounts)  

  (unaudited)  

See accompanying notes
to the unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

5    

HMS HOLDINGS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (in thousands)  

  (unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to the unaudited
consolidated financial statements. 

6    

HMS HOLDINGS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  For the Three and Nine Months Ended September
30, 2016 and 2015  

  (unaudited)  

1.    Basis of Presentation     

HMS Holdings Corp., through its subsidiaries (collectively, the  Company  or  HMS )
provides coordination of benefits services to government and private healthcare payers and sponsors to ensure that the responsible
party pays healthcare claims. Additionally, the Company s payment integrity services ensure that healthcare claims billed
are accurate and appropriate. The Company's care management technology helps risk-bearing organizations manage the care delivered
to their members. Together these various services help customers recover amounts from liable third parties; prevent future improper
payments; reduce fraud, waste and abuse; ensure regulatory compliance; and improve outcomes. 

The consolidated financial statements and
notes herein are unaudited. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and notes required by United States Generally
Accepted Accounting Principles ( U.S. GAAP ) for complete financial statements. These statements include all adjustments
(consisting of normal recurring accruals) that management considers necessary to present a fair statement of the Company s
results of operations, financial position and cash flows. The results reported in these consolidated financial statements should
not be regarded as necessarily indicative of results that may be expected for the entire year. It is suggested that these consolidated
financial statements be read in conjunction with the Company s consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended
December 31, 2015 which were filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on February 29, 2016 as
part of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 ( 2015 Form 10-K ). The
consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 included herein was derived from audited financial statements, but does not
include all disclosures required by U.S. GAAP. 

The preparation of the Company s
unaudited consolidated financial statements requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities, primarily accounts receivable, intangible assets, fixed assets, accrued expenses, estimated
allowance for appeals, estimated liability for appeals, the disclosure of contingent liabilities at the date of the unaudited consolidated
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. The Company s actual
results could differ from those estimates. 

These unaudited consolidated financial
statements include HMS accounts and transactions and those of the Company s wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany
balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Certain reclassifications were made to
prior period amounts to conform to the current period presentation. 

HMS is managed and operated as one business,
with a single management team that reports to the Chief Executive Officer. HMS does not operate separate lines of business with
respect to any of the Company s product lines. 

2.    Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies    

There have been no material changes to
the Company s significant accounting policies that are referenced in the 2015 Form 10-K. 

7    

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements

The Company adopted Accounting Standards
Update ( ASU ) No. 2015-03,   Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs   and ASU 2015-15,
  Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements  .
The Company made a policy election to continue recording the deferred costs as an asset, as allowed for revolving credit agreements.
As the Company only has a line-of-credit arrangement, the adoption of this ASU did not change in the Company s accounting
for debt issuance costs related to such line of credit and had no impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements

In addition to the recently issued accounting
pronouncements disclosed in the 2015 Form 10-K, the following guidance has been issued since the annual filing. There have been
no changes in the Company s anticipated adoption of the previously disclosed pronouncements, except as noted above. 

In March 2016, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued ASU No. 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)   Principal
versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)  ( ASU 2016-08 ). ASU 2016-08 requires the Company
to recognize revenue in the gross amount of consideration to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services
it transfers to a customer. It also requires the agent to recognize revenue in the amount of any fee or commission to which it
expects to be entitled in exchange for arranging the specified goods or services to be provided to the customer. ASU 2016-08 is
effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and for interim reporting periods within such annual periods.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance. 

In March 2016, as part of its Simplification
Initiative, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09 , Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accountin g, ( ASU 2016-09 ) which finalizes Proposed ASU No. 2015-270 of the same name, and seeks to reduce
complexity in accounting standards. The areas for simplification in ASU No. 2016-09, involve several aspects of the accounting
for share-based payment transactions, including (1) accounting for income taxes, (2) classification of excess tax benefits on the
statement of cash flow, (3) forfeitures, (4) minimum statutory tax withholding requirements, (5) classification of employee taxes
paid on the statement of cash flows when an employer withholds shares for tax withholding purposes, (6) the practical expedient
for estimating the expected term, and (7) intrinsic value. Application is effective for annual periods beginning after December
15, 2016, and for interim periods within those annual periods. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this
guidance. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing  ( ASU
2016-10 ), which finalizes Proposed ASU No. 2015-250 of the same name, and suggests guidance for stakeholders on identifying
performance obligations and licenses in customer contracts. The amendments in ASU 2016-10 impact entities with transactions that
include contracts with customers to transfer goods or services (that are an output of the entity s ordinary activities) in
exchange for consideration, and they require entities to recognize revenue by following certain steps, including: (1) identifying
the contract(s) with a customer; (2) identifying the performance obligations in a contract; (3) determining the transaction price;
(4) allocating the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (5) recognizing revenue when, or as, the
entity satisfies a performance obligation. The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2017, and for interim periods within those annual periods. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance
but does not expect this amendment to have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

8    

In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12 ,
Revenue From Contracts With Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients  ( ASU 2016-12 ).
The amendments clarify the assessment of the likelihood that revenue will be collected from a contract, the guidance for presenting
sales taxes and similar taxes, and the timing for measuring customer payments that are not in cash. The amendments provide a practical
expedient for recognizing revenue from contracts that have been modified prior to the transition period to the new standard. ASU
2016-12 also states that a contract should be considered complete if all, or substantially all, of its revenue has been collected
prior to making the transition to the new standard. In addition, the update clarifies the disclosure requirements for retrospective
application of the standard. The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and for
interim reporting periods within such annual periods. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,  Statements of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification
of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  ( ASU 2016-15 ) .  The amendments clarify where certain cash receipts
and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. Current guidance does not include specific guidance
on the eight classification issues presented in the amendments, which will reduce diversity in practice with respect to classification
and presentation of such cash receipts and payments. The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after
December 15, 2017, and for interim reporting periods within such annual periods. The Company is currently evaluating the impact
of adopting this guidance. 

3.    Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts:     

The
Company s accounts receivable, net, consisted of the following  (in thousands) :  

A summary of the activity in the allowance for doubtful accounts
is as follows  (in thousands) : 

9    

4.    Intangible Assets and Goodwill    

Intangible assets consisted of the following
( in thousands, except for useful life ): 

Amortization expense of intangible assets is expected to approximate
the following  (in thousands):  

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
amortization expense related to intangible assets was $5.0 million and $15.1 million, respectively. For the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2015 amortization expense related to intangible assets was $5.0 million and $15.2 million, respectively. 

On September 2, 2016, the Company acquired
the outstanding capital stock of Essette, Inc. ( Essette ), a care management technology company which helps risk-bearing
organizations manage the care delivered to their members, for aggregate consideration of $23.1 million, which is primarily comprised
of cash payments of $21.5 million. To fund the purchase price, the Company utilized cash on hand. The acquisition is subject to
adjustment based upon the final amount of adjusted working capital of Essette at closing. 

The Company allocated the purchase price,
net of cash acquired, a) to, at their acquisition date fair values, the following tangible assets: net deferred tax assets of $0.9
million and other net assets of $0.1 million and b) to, at their acquisition date fair values, the following amortizing intangible
assets: intellectual property of $2.1 million, customer relationships of $1.1 million, restrictive covenants of $0.1 million, and
trade name of $0.1 million. Goodwill of $17.1 million represents the excess purchase price over the net identifiable tangible and
intangible assets. The intangible assets are valued using various methods which requires several judgements, including growth rates,
discount rates, customer attrition rates, and expected levels of revenues, earnings, cash flows and tax rates. The intangible assets
are amortized over their estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis and are not expected to be deductible for taxable purposes.
The goodwill recognized from the acquisition was a result of expected synergies to be realized from future revenue growth, is not
expected to be deductible for tax purposes, has an indefinite useful life and will be included in the Company s annual impairment
testing. Contingent consideration, up to an aggregate maximum $12.0 million, will be payable in calendar years 2017, 2018, or 2019,
respectively, should Essette achieve certain revenue targets as defined in the stock purchase agreement. The amounts shown above,
including goodwill and contingent consideration, may change in the near term as management continues to assess the fair value of
acquired assets and liabilities. 

The acquisition was not significant to the Company s
consolidated financial statements; therefore, pro forma historical results of the immaterial operations related to this business
acquisition for the year ended December 31, 2015 have not been presented. The immaterial results of Essette s
operations since September 2, 2016 have been included in the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

10    

5.    Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities    

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities consisted
of the following  (in thousands) : 

6.    Income Taxes     

The Company s effective tax rate decreased to (27.0%)
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 38.1% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The Company s effective
tax rate decreased to 18.8% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 41.3% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.
The decrease in effective tax rates for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to the Company s
recognition of a tax benefit in the third quarter of 2016 for the Research and Development tax credits (the  R D Credits )
and the U.S. production activities deduction (the  Section 199 Deduction ), as discussed below. The principal differences
between the statutory rate and our effective rate include the R D Credits, the Section 199 Deduction, other permanent items,
interest on unrecognized tax benefits, and changes in state taxes. 

As a result of an analysis to determine whether certain activities
the Company performs qualify for (i) the R D Credits provided in Internal Revenue Code ( IRC ) Section 41 and (ii)
the Section 199 Deduction provided in IRC Section 199, the Company concluded that such activities qualify for the R D Credits
and the Section 199 Deduction. During the third quarter of 2016, the Company determined it was economically viable to claim the
R D Credits and Section 199 Deduction for all open tax years. 

During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the
Company recognized a net tax benefit of $2.1 million for federal and state R D Credits relating to a) tax years 2012
through 2015 and b) an estimated year-to-date tax benefit for federal and state R D Credits for the 2016 tax year. 

Additionally, the Company recognized a net tax benefit
of $5.2 million for the federal Section 199 Deduction relating to a) tax years 2012 through 2015 and b) an estimated
year-to-date tax benefit for the Section 199 Deduction for the 2016 tax year. 

During the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, the Company utilized $1.3 million and $4.9 million, respectively, in tax deductions arising from stock-based
compensation, which resulted in an excess tax benefit of $0.5 million and $1.9 million, respectively, that was recorded to capital
in excess of par value and an offsetting reduction to taxes payable. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits was approximately
$7.4 million and $1.3 million, respectively (net of the federal benefit for state issues) that, if recognized, would favorably
affect the Company s future effective tax rate. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the accrued liability for
interest expense and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits was $0.7 million and $0.4 million, respectively. HMS includes
interest expense and penalties in the provision for income taxes in the unaudited Consolidated Statements of Income. The amount
of interest expense (net of federal and state income tax benefits) and penalties in the unaudited Consolidated Statements of Income
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $0.3 million and an immaterial amount, respectively. The Company believes
it is reasonably possible that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits may decrease by $1.0 million over the next 12 months, due
to the expiration of the statute of limitations in various state jurisdictions. 

11    

HMS files income tax returns with the U.S.
Federal government and various state and local jurisdictions. HMS is no longer subject to U.S. Federal income tax examinations
for years before 2012. HMS operates in a number of state and local jurisdictions, most of which have never audited the Company s
records. Accordingly, HMS is subject to state and local income tax examinations based upon the various statutes of limitations
in each jurisdiction. HMS is currently being examined by the State of New York. 

7.    Estimated Liability for Appeals
and Estimated Allowance for Appeals     

The Company provides services under contracts
that contain various fee structures, including contingency fee and fixed fee arrangements. Revenue is recognized when a contract
exists, services have been provided to the customer, the fee is fixed and determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured.
In addition, the Company has contracts with the federal government which are generally cost-plus or time and material based. Revenue
on cost-plus contracts is recognized based on costs incurred plus the negotiated fee earned. Revenue on time and materials contracts
is recognized based on hours worked and expenses incurred. 

Under the Company s Medicare Recovery Audit Contractor ( RAC ) contract with the Centers
for Medicare   Medicaid Services ( CMS ), held by the Company s wholly owned subsidiary HealthDataInsights,
Inc. ( HDI ) and certain contracts for commercial health plan customers, HMS recognizes revenue when claims are sent
to the customer for offset against future claims payments. Providers and health plan customers have the right to appeal a claim
and may pursue additional appeals if the initial appeal is found in favor of the customer. HMS accrues an estimated liability for
appeals based on the amount of revenue that is subject to appeals, closures or other adjustments and which HMS estimates are probable
of being returned to providers following a successful appeal. The Company s estimates are based on the Company s historical
experience with appeals. The estimated liability for appeals represents the Company s estimate of the potential amount of
repayments related to appeals of claims, closures and other adjustments for which revenue was previously collected. 

A
summary of the activity in the estimated liability for appeals and estimated allowance for appeals is as follows  (in thousands) :  

12    

8.    Credit Agreement    

In May 2013, HMS entered into a $500 million
five-year, amended and restated revolving credit agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) with certain financial institutions
and Citibank, N.A. as Administrative Agent ( Citibank ). The Credit Agreement is guaranteed by the Company s
material 100% owned subsidiaries as designated by the Company from time to time or as required under the Credit Agreement (the
 Guarantors ). No principal payments were made against the Company s revolving credit facility during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The $197.8 million principal balance of the Company s revolving credit facility
is due in May 2018. 

The Credit Agreement provides for an initial
$500 million revolving credit facility, and, under specified circumstances, the revolving credit facility can be increased or one
or more incremental term loan facilities can be added, provided that the incremental credit facilities do not exceed in the aggregate
the sum of (a) $75 million plus (b) an additional amount not less than $25 million, so long as the Company s total secured
leverage ratio, calculated giving pro forma effect to the requested incremental borrowing and other customary and appropriate pro
forma adjustment events, including any permitted acquisitions, is no greater than 2.5:1.0. The amount available to borrow is based
on certain borrowing base calculations found in the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement is collateralized by all or substantially
all of the Company s and the Guarantors  personal property assets. 

The Credit Agreement contains certain customary
representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants and events of default. The Credit Agreement requires HMS to
comply, on a quarterly basis, with certain principal financial covenants, including a maximum consolidated leverage ratio of 3.25:1.00
and a minimum interest coverage ratio of 3.00:1.00. As of September 30, 2016, HMS was in compliance with all of the terms of the
Credit Agreement. 

The interest rates applicable to the revolving
credit facility are, at the Company s option, either (i) the LIBOR multiplied by the statutory reserve rate plus an interest
margin ranging from 1.50% to 2.25% based on HMS s consolidated leverage ratio, or (ii) a base rate (which is equal to the
greatest of (a) Citibank s prime rate, (b) the federal funds effective rate plus 0.50% and (iii) the one-month LIBOR plus
1.00% plus an interest margin ranging from 0.50% to 1.25% based on the Company s consolidated leverage ratio). The applicable
interest rate was 2.38% at September 30, 2016. HMS pays an unused commitment fee on the revolving credit facility during the term
of the Credit Agreement ranging from 0.375% to 0.50% per annum based on the Company s consolidated leverage ratio. 

The obligations of the Company and the
Guarantors under the Credit Agreement may be accelerated upon the occurrence of an event of default, which includes customary events
of default including, without limitation, payment defaults, failures to perform affirmative covenants, failures to refrain from
actions or omissions prohibited by negative covenants, the inaccuracy of representations or warranties, cross-defaults, bankruptcy
and insolvency related defaults, defaults relating to judgments, defaults due to certain ERISA related events and a change of control
default. 

The interest expense and the commitment
fees on the unused portion of the Company s revolving credit facility were as follows  (in thousands) : 

13    

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the unamortized balance of deferred origination fees and debt issuance costs were $3.3 million and $4.9 million, respectively,
recorded in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For both the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
HMS amortized $0.5 million of interest expense related to the Company s deferred origination fees and debt issue costs. For
both the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, HMS amortized $1.5 million of interest expense related to the Company s
deferred origination fees and debt issue costs. 

Although HMS expects that operating cash
flows will continue to be a primary source of liquidity for the Company s operating needs, the revolving credit facility
may be used for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions, if necessary. 

As part of the Company s contractual
agreement with a customer, HMS has an outstanding irrevocable letter of credit for $3.0 million, which HMS established against
the revolving credit facility. The expiration date of the letter of credit is June 30, 2017. 

9.     Earnings Per Share    

Basic income per share is calculated by
dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share is
calculated by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares and dilutive common share equivalents outstanding
during the period. The Company s dilutive common share equivalents consist of stock options and restricted stock units. 

The following table reconciles the basic
to diluted weighted average common shares outstanding using the treasury stock method  (in thousands, except per share amounts) : 

For the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, 1,801,989 and 3,708,228 stock options, respectively, were not included in the diluted earnings per share calculation
because the effect would have been anti-dilutive. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, 35,738 and 71,581 restricted
stock units, respectively, were not included in the diluted earnings per share calculation because the effect would have been anti-dilutive. 

14    

The following table
reconciles the basic to diluted weighted average common shares outstanding using the treasury stock method  (in thousands, except
per share amounts) : 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, 2,577,286 and 3,490,887 stock options, respectively, were not included in the diluted earnings per share calculation
because the effect would have been anti-dilutive. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, 25,036 and 169,682 restricted
stock units, respectively, were not included in the diluted earnings per share calculation because the effect would have been anti-dilutive. 

10.    Stock-Based Compensation    

Long-Term Incentive Award Plans  

The Company grants equity-based compensation
awards, including options to purchase HMS common stock and restricted stock units, to HMS employees and non-employee directors
under the 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the  2016 Omnibus Plan ), which was approved by the Company s shareholders
on June 23, 2016. The 2016 Omnibus Plan replaced and superseded the Company s Fourth Amended and Restated 2006 Stock Plan,
as amended, and the HDI Holdings, Inc. Amended 2011 Stock Option and Stock Issuance Plan. 

Stock-Based Compensation Expense  

Total stock-based compensation expense in the Company s
unaudited Consolidated Statements of Income related to the Company s long-term incentive award plans was as follows  (in
thousands) : 

15    

Stock Options  

The Company s stock option activity
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was as follows  (in thousands, except for weighted average exercise price and weighted
average remaining contractual term) : 

For awards subject to service-based vesting
conditions, HMS recognizes stock-based compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, equal to the grant date fair value of
stock options on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting term. For awards subject
to both performance-based and service-based vesting conditions, HMS recognizes stock-based compensation expense using the straight-line
recognition method when it is probable that the performance condition will be achieved. Forfeitures are estimated at the time of
grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. 

The fair value of each option grant with
service-based vesting conditions was estimated using a Black-Scholes option-pricing valuation model. The awards subject to performance-based
vesting conditions granted in 2016 and 2015 are market condition awards as attainment is based on the performance of the Company s
common stock for the relevant performance period. These awards were valued on the date of grant using a Monte Carlo simulation
model. 

Expected volatilities are calculated based
on the historical volatility of the Company s common stock. Management monitors stock option exercises and employee termination
patterns to estimate forfeiture rates within the valuation model. Separate groups of employees that have similar historical exercise
behavior are considered separately for valuation purposes. The expected holding period of stock options represents the period of
time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. The expected terms of stock options granted are based on the Company s
historical experience for similar types of stock option awards. The risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury Notes. The
weighted average grant-date fair value per share of the stock options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 was $5.49 and $5.45, respectively. HMS estimated the fair value of each stock option grant on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes
option-pricing model and the weighted-average assumptions set forth in the following table: 

16    

During the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, HMS issued 211,774 shares and 105,462 shares, respectively, of the Company s common stock upon the exercise
of outstanding stock options and received proceeds of $2.4 million and $0.8 million, respectively. 

For the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, stock-based compensation expense for stock options was $1.2 million and $1.4 million, respectively. 

Excess tax benefit from the exercise of
stock options for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $0.5 million and $21,000, respectively. 

The total intrinsic value of stock options
exercised (the difference in the market price of the Company s common stock on the exercise date and the price paid by the
optionees to exercise the options) for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was approximately $2.2 million and $0.2
million, respectively. 

During the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, HMS issued 510,466 shares and 577,559 shares, respectively, of the Company s common stock upon the exercise
of outstanding stock options and received proceeds of $3.6 million and $4.2 million, respectively. 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, stock-based compensation expense for stock options was $5.3 million and $4.5 million, respectively. 

Excess tax benefit from the exercise of
stock options for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $1.9 million and $1.5 million, respectively. 

The total intrinsic value of stock options
exercised (the difference in the market price of the Company s common stock on the exercise date and the price paid by the
optionees to exercise the options) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was approximately $6.3 million and $5.9
million, respectively. 

As of September 30, 2016, there was approximately
$13.8 million of total unrecognized compensation cost, adjusted for estimated forfeitures, related to stock options outstanding,
which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.03 years. 

17    

Restricted Stock Units  

The
Company s restricted stock units activity was as follows  (in thousands, except for weighted average grant date fair value
per unit) :  

For the three months ended September 30,
2016, HMS granted 8,603 restricted stock units with an aggregate fair market value of $0.2 million. For the three months ended
September 30, 2015, HMS granted 5,462 restricted stock units with an aggregate fair market value of $49,000. 

For the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, stock-based compensation expense for restricted stock units was $0.9 million and $1.7 million, respectively. 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, HMS granted 598,531 restricted stock units with an aggregate fair market value of $8.4 million. For the nine months ended
September 30, 2015, HMS granted 665,326 restricted stock units with an aggregate fair market value of $11.1 million. 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, stock-based compensation expense for restricted stock units was $5.4 million and $5.7 million, respectively. 

As of September 30, 2016, 1,292,253 restricted
stock units remained unvested and there was approximately $14.6 million of unamortized compensation cost related to these restricted
stock units, which is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted-average vesting period of 1.09 years. 

11.    Commitments and Contingencies    

Dennis Demetre and Lori Lewis : In
July 2012, Dennis Demetre and Lori Lewis (the  Plaintiffs ), filed an action in the Supreme Court of the State of New
York against HMS Holdings Corp., claiming an undetermined amount of damages alleging that various actions by HMS unlawfully deprived
the Plaintiffs of the acquisition earn-out portion of the purchase price for Allied Management Group Special Investigation Unit
( AMG ) under the applicable Stock Purchase Agreement (the  SPA ) and that HMS had breached certain contractual
provisions under the SPA. The Plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint with two causes of action for breach of contract and
one cause of action for breach of implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing. HMS asserted a counterclaim for breach of contract
arising out of the Plaintiffs  failure to indemnify the Company for costs, including attorneys  fees arising out of
the Company s defense of AMG in  Kern Health Systems v. AMG, Dennis Demetre and Lori Lewis.  As previously reported
by the Company, on June 29, 2016, Kern Health Systems and AMG entered into a settlement agreement resolving all claims in the matter.
In January 2016, HMS moved for summary judgment on (i) its remaining counterclaim for breach of contract against the Plaintiffs
and (ii) the Plaintiffs  breach of contract causes of action against HMS. The motions were argued on June 22, 2016. A decision
on the motions has not yet been issued by the court and a trial date has not been set. HMS believes that the Plaintiffs' claims
are without merit and will continue to vigorously defend against them. 

18    

From time to time, HMS may be subject to investigations,
legal proceedings and other disputes arising in the ordinary course of the Company s business, including but not limited
to regulatory audits, billing and contractual disputes, employment-related matters and post-closing disputes related to acquisitions.
Due to the Company s contractual relationships, including those with federal and state government entities, HMS s
operations, billing and business practices are subject to scrutiny and audit by those entities and other multiple agencies and
levels of government, as well as to frequent transitions and changes in the personnel responsible for oversight of the Company s
contractual performance. HMS may have contractual disputes with its customers arising from differing interpretations of contractual
provisions that define the Company s rights, obligations, scope of work or terms of payment, and with associated claims
of liability for inaccurate or improper billing for reimbursement of contract fees, or for sanctions or damages for alleged performance
deficiencies. Resolution of such disputes may involve litigation or may require that HMS accept some amount of loss or liability
in order to avoid customer abrasion, negative marketplace perceptions and other disadvantageous results that could affect the
Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

HMS records accruals for outstanding legal
matters when it believes it is probable that a loss will be incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. The Company evaluates,
on a quarterly basis, developments in legal matters that could affect the amount of any accrual and developments that would make
a loss contingency both probable and reasonably estimable. If a loss contingency is not both probable and estimable, HMS does not
establish an accrued liability. 

In connection with the preparation of these
unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements, an evaluation of subsequent events was performed through the date of issuance and
there were no other events that have occurred that would require adjustments to the financial statements or disclosure. 

19    

Item 2.	Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

The following discussion and analysis of financial condition
and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and with
our 2015 Form 10-K. In addition to historical consolidated financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking
statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the
forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including under  Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, 
and in Part I, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  and Part II, Item 7A.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about
Market Risk  of our 2015 Form 10-K. 

We operate in the U.S. healthcare insurance benefit cost containment
marketplace. We provide coordination of benefits services to government and private healthcare payers and sponsors to ensure that
the responsible party pays healthcare claims. Our payment integrity services ensure that healthcare claims are billed accurately
and appropriately. Our care management technology helps risk-bearing organizations manage the care delivered to their members.
Together, these various services help customers recover improper payments, including those from liable third parties; prevent
future improper payments; reduce fraud, waste and abuse; ensure regulatory compliance; and improve outcomes. 

Our customers are state and federal healthcare
agencies, including state Medicaid agencies, health plans, including Medicaid managed care, Medicare Advantage and group and individual
health lines of business; government and private employers; and other healthcare payers and sponsors. As of September 30, 2016,
we served 46 state Medicaid programs and the District of Columbia; federal government health agencies, including CMS and the Veterans
Health Administration; and approximately 250 health plans. We additionally served as a subcontractor to certain business outsourcing
and technology firms. 

The Company has grown both organically
and through targeted asset and stock acquisitions. Initially, the Company provided coordination of benefits services to state Medicaid
agencies, then expanded its business by providing similar services to managed care organizations when Medicaid began delegating
members to those plans. After launching payment integrity services in 2007, HMS grew its product suite and expanded its reach in
the marketplace by acquiring IntegriGuard, LLC (2009), Verify Solutions, Inc. (2009), Chapman Kelly, Inc. (2010), HDI (2011), MedRecovery
Management, LLC (2012), and Essette, Inc. (2016). 

Healthcare Environment  

The Patient Protection and Affordable Care
Act (the  ACA ) was signed into law in 2010. This legislation touched almost every sector of the healthcare system,
and affords HMS a range of growth opportunities across a number of services. We are focused on three critical areas related to
this legislation: 

Medicaid Expansion;     

Payment Integrity; and    

Employer-Sponsored Health Coverage.    

Medicaid Expansion:  States that
expand their Medicaid programs in accordance with the ACA receive federal funding for the total cost of the expansion for a period
of three years, and reduced funding thereafter. As of early 2016, approximately two-thirds of the states opted to expand their
Medicaid programs as provided under the ACA. According to the CMS National Health Expenditures ( NHE ) Projections,
the number of individuals enrolled in Medicaid and the Children s Health Insurance Program ( CHIP ) is expected
to increase from 76.6 million in 2016 to 85.2 million in 2025, with expenditures over the same period expected to increase from
$593.3 billion to $999.5 billion. As a result, we currently anticipate continued demand for our cost containment services by states
and the managed care organizations with whom they contract with. We believe that our strong history of successful contracting
with Medicaid agencies and Medicaid managed care organizations will enable us to continue providing value-added services to help
control the escalating costs for this expanded population. 

20    

Payment Integrity:  The ACA contained
a number of provisions for combating fraud, waste and abuse throughout the healthcare system, including in Medicaid and Medicare.
These initiatives include: (i) requiring state Medicaid agencies to contract with state Medicaid RACs and deploy programs
modeled on the Medicare RAC Program administered by CMS, (ii) expanding the Medicare RAC Program to include Medicare Part C
and D, (iii) establishing a national healthcare fraud, waste and abuse data collection program and (iv) increasing scrutiny
of providers and suppliers who want to participate in Medicare, Medicaid and other federally-funded programs. The ACA further required
that each state establish a Medicaid RAC program by January 1, 2012. In addition, the ACA allowed for significant increases in
funding for these and other fraud, waste and abuse efforts. We continue to seek opportunities to expand our current partnerships
with CMS, states and health plans and to provide innovative ideas to support their payment integrity initiatives. 

Employer-Sponsored Health Coverage: 
The ACA largely preserves and builds upon the existing employer-sponsored health coverage model. Though not all employers will
be required to provide healthcare coverage, large employers (i.e. those with 50 or more full time equivalents) are penalized starting
in 2016 if (i) they do not offer coverage (or if they offer coverage that does not meet certain requirements) and (ii) one or more
of their full time employees receives a federal tax credit or cost sharing subsidy through a health insurance exchange. Employers
will also be prohibited from imposing waiting periods for enrollment of more than 90 days. We expect that we will be able
to offer a range of audit services to employers of all sizes, which will be valuable as these employers extend coverage to their
employees. 

Customers   

We provide products and services under
contracts (or sub-contracts) that contain various revenue structures, including contingent revenue and fixed fee arrangements.
Most of our state government contracts have terms of three to five years, including optional renewal terms. In many instances,
we provide our services pursuant to agreements that are subject to periodic reprocurements. Several of our contracts, including
those with some of our largest customers, may be terminated for convenience. Because we provide our services pursuant to agreements
that are open to competition from various businesses in the U.S. healthcare insurance benefit cost containment marketplace, we
cannot provide assurance that our contracts, including those with our largest customers, will not be terminated for convenience,
awarded to other parties, or renewed, and, if renewed, that the fee structures will be equal to those currently in effect. 

For example, our third party liability ( TPL )
services contract with the New Jersey Department of Human Services was originally awarded in January 2008. In July 2015, we received
notice from the State of New Jersey Division of Purchase and Property (the  Division ) of its intent to award the
new TPL contract to another bidder following a competitive reprocurement. In February 2016, we filed a protest challenging the
award. The bidder withdrew its bid in May 2016. On September 1, 2016, the Division awarded the new TPL contract to our wholly
owned subsidiary, Health Management Systems, Inc. The new contract has an initial term of four years through September 20, 2020,
with an option to extend the term for two additional one-year periods. 

We are also involved in the procurement process for the
new Medicare RAC contract awards. In November 2015, CMS released a new RFP for recovery audit services that replaces the procurement
activities begun in February 2013. After a delay in the procurement of the new Medicare RAC contract awards, CMS resumed the procurement
in April 2016 and we submitted a proposal. On October 31, 2016, CMS announced the award of RAC Region 4 to our wholly owned subsidiary
HMS Federal Solutions. The timeline to finalize the new Medicare RAC contracts and their implementation remains uncertain. Our
current Medicare RAC contract requires we provide support services in connection with the appeal process through January 31, 2018. 

21    

In addition, in August 2014, CMS announced
it would settle with hospitals willing to withdraw inpatient status claims currently pending in the RAC appeals process by offering
to pay hospitals 68% for all eligible claims they had billed to Medicare. In June 2015, CMS notified HDI that based on the initial
lists of finalized settlements, HDI owed CMS approximately $28.6 million due to adjustments in contingency fees pursuant to HDI s
Medicare RAC contract with CMS. HDI previously advised CMS that it disagrees with CMS  interpretation of the contract and
that CMS does not have the contractual right, among other things, to require repayment of fees already paid. In response to the
inaccurate and incomplete data in certain backup documentation initially provided by CMS regarding settled claims, HDI provided
CMS with data which it believes more accurately reflects the number of claims which were apparently settled. The amount ultimately
payable to CMS by HDI remains uncertain as HDI continues to evaluate additional data provided by CMS in connection with its completion
of the settlement process. A portion of our reserve for estimated liability for appeals recorded as of September 30, 2016 may apply
to this population, and there could be a material negative impact on our future revenue in future periods to the extent that (i)
any final determination of amounts owed by HDI to CMS under the current Medicare RAC contract materially exceeds our accrued reserves
for such appeals, (ii) HDI is required to return certain fees which have been paid or (iii) HDI s ability to collect fees
for audits already performed is affected. 

Critical Accounting Policies   

Since the date of our 2015 Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2015, there have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies. Refer to the items disclosed
as our Critical Accounting Policies in Part II, Item 7.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations  of our 2015 Form 10-K. 

SUMMARY OF OPERATING RESULTS  

Selected Operating Performance and Other
Significant Items for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016  

22    

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Three Months
Ended September 30, 2015  

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, certain items in our unaudited Consolidated Statements of Income expressed as a percentage of revenue: 

Revenue  

During the three months ended September 30, 2016, revenue was $124.6 million, an increase of $6.2 million, or
5.2% compared to $118.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. This increase was primarily due to commercial health
plan growth of $7.2 million or 13.9% and higher Medicare RAC revenue of $1.3 million or 28.9% partially offset by a decrease in
state government revenue of $1.6 million or 2.9%. 

Cost of Services  

During the three months ended September 30, 2016, total cost of services as a percentage of revenue was
69.9% compared to 70.9% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Total cost of services for the three months ended September
30, 2016 was $87.1 million, an increase of $2.9 million compared to $84.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015.
This change resulted primarily from increases in certain compensation expense which includes fringe benefits, salaries and temporary
work. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in direct project costs, which includes, subcontractor and chart fees,
as well as a decrease in stock compensation expense. 

Selling, General and Administrative
Expense ( SG A )  

During the three months ended September 30, 2016, SG A expense as a percentage of revenue was 20.0% compared
to 18.0% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. SG A expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $24.9
million, an increase of $3.6 million, or 16.8% compared to $21.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. This change
resulted from a $3.0 million increase in compensation related expenses. The increase was also attributable to a $0.4 million increase
in the provision for bad debt expense. 

23    

Operating Income  

During the three months ended September
30, 2016 operating income was $12.7 million, a decrease of $0.4 million, or 2.8%, compared to operating income of $13.0 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Interest Expense  

During the three months ended September
30, 2016, interest expense was $2.1 million, an increase of $0.2 million, compared to $1.9 million for the three months ended September
30, 2015. Interest expense represents borrowings under our revolving credit facility, interest on debt, commitment fees, letter
of credit fees and amortization of deferred financing costs. 

Income Taxes   

We recorded an income tax benefit of $2.9 million for
the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to income tax expense of $4.2 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2015, a decrease of $7.1 million. Income before taxes decreased $0.4 million for the current quarter over
income before taxes in the same period in the prior year, which contributed to the decrease in our tax expense. The decrease
in tax expense is primarily due to our recognition during the third quarter of 2016 of a tax benefit for the Research and
Development tax credits (the  R D Credits ) and the U.S. production activities deduction (the  Section
199 Deduction ) as discussed in Note 6 of the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. Additionally, our effective
tax rate decreased to 27% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 38.1% for the three months ended
September 30, 2015 primarily due to our recognition during the third quarter of 2016 of a tax benefit for the R D Credits
and the Section 199 Deduction. The principal differences between the statutory rate and our effective rate include
the R D Credits, the Section 199 Deduction, other permanent items, interest on unrecognized tax benefits, and changes in
state taxes. 

Net Income  

During the three months ended September
30, 2016, net income was $13.5 million which represents an increase of $6.6 million compared to net income for the three months
ended September 30, 2015 of $6.9 million. 

SUMMARY OF OPERATING RESULTS  

Selected Operating Performance and Other
Significant Items for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   

Cash flow from operations was $54.4 million.

24    

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Nine Months
Ended September 30, 2015  

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, certain items in our unaudited Consolidated Statements of Income expressed as a percentage of revenue: 

Revenue  

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, revenue was $367.9 million, an increase of $22.2 million, or
6.4% compared to $345.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This increase was primarily due to commercial health
plan growth of $25.8 million or 17.9% and higher Medicare RAC revenue of $7.5 million or 70.0%, partially offset by a decrease
in state government revenue of $10.3 million or 6.0%. 

Cost of Services  

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, total cost of services as a percentage of revenue was
70.3% compared to 73.0% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Total cost of services for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 was $259.0 million, an increase of $6.6 million, or 2.6% compared to $252.4 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2015. This change resulted primarily from increases in certain compensation expense which includes fringe benefits, salaries
and temporary work. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in data processing costs and occupancy costs which includes
depreciation and rental expense as well as a decrease in stock based compensation. 

25    

Selling, General and Administrative
Expense ( SG A )  

During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, SG A expense as a percentage of revenue was 19.0% compared to 17.5% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.
SG A expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $70.0 million, an increase of $9.5 million, or 15.7% compared
to $60.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This change resulted from a $2.0 million increase in compensation
related expenses. SG A expense also increased $7.0 million due to an increase in the provision for bad debt expense. 

Operating Income  

During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, operating income was $38.9 million, an increase of $6.2 million, or 18.8%, compared to operating income of $32.7 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Interest Expense  

During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, interest expense was $6.3 million, a decrease of $0.5 million, compared to $5.8 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2015. Interest expense represents borrowings under our revolving credit facility, interest on debt, commitment fees, letter
of credit fees and amortization of deferred financing costs. 

Income Taxes   

We recorded income tax expense of $6.2
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to income tax expense of $11.1 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015, a decrease of $4.9 million. Income before taxes increased $5.9 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 over income before taxes in the same period in the prior year, but tax expense decreased primarily due to our recognition
during the third quarter of 2016 of a tax benefit for the R D Credits and the Section 199 Deduction as discussed in Note 6
of the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. Additionally, our effective tax rate decreased to 18.8% for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 compared to 41.3% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to our recognition during
the third quarter of 2016 of a tax benefit for the R D Credits and the Section 199 Deduction. The principal differences between
the statutory rate and our effective rate include R D Credits, the Section 199 Deduction, other permanent items, interest on
unrecognized tax benefits, and changes in state taxes. 

Net Income  

During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, net income was $26.6 million which represents an increase of $10.8 million compared to net income for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015 of $15.8 million. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

We believe our ability to generate cash
from operating activities is one of our fundamental financial strengths. The near-term outlook for our business remains strong,
and we currently expect to generate substantial cash flows from operations throughout the remainder of 2016. We believe that expected
cash flows from operations, available cash and cash equivalents and funds available under our revolving credit facility under the
Credit Agreement will be sufficient to meet our financial commitments for the next year, which include: 

the working capital requirements of our
operations;    

investments in our business;    

repurchases of treasury stock; and    

business development activities.    

26    

We may need to access debt and equity markets
in the future if unforeseen costs or opportunities arise, to fund acquisitions or to repay indebtedness under the Credit Agreement,
which matures in May 2018. If we need to obtain new debt or equity financing in the future, the terms and availability of such
financing may be impacted by economic and financial market conditions as well as our financial condition and results of operations
at the time we seek additional financing. 

Our cash and cash equivalents, working
capital and available borrowings under our credit facility (based upon the borrowing base and financial covenants in our Credit
Agreement) were as follows: 

A summary of our cash flows is as follows: 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities   

Net cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $54.4 million,
an increase of $13.9 million as compared to net cash provided by operating activities of $40.5 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. The increase in operating cash flow is primarily attributable to collections of accounts receivable offset
primarily by the change in income tax receivable/payable. Additionally, the number of Days Sales Outstanding decreased from the
prior year period by 16 days from 132 days for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to 117 days for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 as a result of stronger cash collections. 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities   

Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 was $32.1 million, a $24.2 million increase compared to net cash used in investing activities of $7.9
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase primarily related to a $20.9 million increase due to the Essette
acquisition and an increase in purchases of property and equipment and investment in capitalized software, partially offset by
receipt of proceeds from the sale of a cost basis investment of approximately $2.5 million. 

27    

Cash Flows from Financing Activities   

Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $3.7 million, a
$24.5 million increase compared to net cash used in financing activities of $20.9 million for the nine months ended September 30,
2015. This decrease was primarily attributable to the purchase of treasury stock for $25.0 million during same period in the prior
year. 

Contractual Obligations  

There have been no material changes in
our contractual obligations as presented in our 2015 Form 10-K. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements  

See  Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
in Note 2 of the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Item 3.	Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk  

There have been no material changes to
the market risks discussed in Item 7A to Part II of our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 

Item 4.	Controls and Procedures  

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act )) that are designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and
communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow
for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management
recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of
achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship
of possible controls and procedures. 

As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the
Exchange Act, management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, performed an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable
assurance that their objectives were met as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

There have been no changes in our internal
control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation of our controls performed during the three months
ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting. 

28    

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  

The information set forth under the caption
 Commitments and Contingencies  in Note 11 included in Item 1. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements is incorporated
by reference. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors   

In addition to the information set forth
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the risks that are discussed in the Company s 2015 Form 10-K, under the headings  Part
I, Item 1. Business,   Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors  and  Part II, Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk,  should be carefully considered as such risks could materially affect the Company s
business, financial conditions or future results. There has been no material change in the Company s risk factors from those
described in the 2015 Form 10-K .   

These risks are not the only risks facing
the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to the Company or that it currently deems to be immaterial
also may have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition or future results. 

29    

Item 6. Exhibits  

_____________________ 

   Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan,
contract or arrangement 

 * Filed herewith 

   Furnished herewith 

30    

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Date:  
      November 9, 2016  
       
      HMS HOLDINGS CORP.   

By:  
      /s/ WILLIAM C. LUCIA   

William C. Lucia   

President and Chief Executive Officer and Duly   

Authorized Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

By:  
      /s/ JEFFREY S. SHERMAN   

Jeffrey S. Sherman    

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

31    

HMS Holdings Corp. and Subsidiaries  

  Exhibit Index  

_____________________ 

  Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan,
contract or arrangement 

 *Filed herewith 

  Furnished herewith 

32 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 exh_101.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit
10.1   

2016 NQSO Award Notice
and Agreement    

NONQUALIFIED
STOCK OPTION AWARD NOTICE   

HMS
Holdings Corp.   

   2016
Omnibus Incentive Plan   

Dear   Participant Name  ,  

Congratulations, HMS Holdings
Corp. (the    Company   ) has granted you a stock option award under the Company s 2016 Omnibus Incentive
Plan, as it may be amended from time to time (the    Plan   ). A stock option gives you the right to purchase
a specific number of shares of the Company s common stock at a fixed price, assuming that you satisfy the terms and conditions
of the Plan and the attached implementing Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement (the    Award Agreement   ).
We would like you to have an opportunity to share in the success of the Company through this stock option award under the Plan.
The following represents a brief description of your individual award.  

Stock Option Award Summary:

Date of Grant   
       Date    
 
       Option
    Shares   
       Number
    of Shares Covered by the Option Granted    
 
       Option
    Exercise Price per Share   
      $_____   
 
       Exercisability
       
       [One-sixth/one-fourth/one-third]
     of the Option Shares shall vest and become exercisable on each of the first, second and third anniversaries of the Date
    of Grant [, with the remainder vesting and becoming exercisable in accordance with the applicable schedule for the Performance
    Option set forth in  Appendix B  to the Award Agreement] .  Each of those dates is an   Exercisability
    Date .    
 
       Option
    Expiration Date   
       Date
    of tenth anniversary of the Date of Grant    
 
       Participant
    Management-Level    
       Management
    level of Participant at Date of Grant    

You
                                         have been granted a nonqualified stock option (the   Option  ) to purchase
                                         shares of the Company s common stock (   Shares   ). The
                                         total number of Shares covered by the Option granted to you is in the chart above under
                                            Option Shares    and the price per share is under    Option
                                         Exercise Price per Share  .                                                                                                       

The
                                         potential value of your stock option award increases if the price of the Company s
                                         stock increases, but you also have to continue to provide services to the Company (except
                                         as the Award Agreement provides) to actually receive such value. Of course, the value
                                         of the stock may go up and down over time.                                                                                                        

You
                                         cannot exercise the Option (actually purchase Shares) until it becomes exercisable. Your
                                         stock option becomes exercisable as provided in the chart above under    Exercisability  , 
                                         assuming you remain an employee or a member of the Board of Directors of the Company
                                         through each Exercisability Date and subject to the terms in the Award Agreement.                                                                                                                                               

Additional
                                         details regarding your stock option award are provided in the Plan and the Award Agreement.                                                                                                                                                         

Whether
                                         or not you decide to exercise your stock option and purchase the Shares is your decision,
                                         and you have until the stock option expires (which will be no later than the  tenth
                                          anniversary of the    Date of Grant    but can end earlier
                                         in various situations) to make that decision.                                                                                                           

Once
                                         you have purchased the Shares, you will own them and may decide whether to hold the stock,
                                         sell the stock or give the stock to someone as a gift.                                                                                                                    

You can access the Merrill
Lynch website, including updates and additional information at:  https://www29.benefits.ml.com/login/login.aspx . Please
email  EquityAdministration@hms.com  with any questions regarding the Merrill Lynch website.   

NONQUALIFIED
STOCK OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT   

   FOR
EMPLOYEES    

HMS
Holdings Corp.   

   2016
Omnibus Incentive Plan   

HMS Holdings
Corp. (the    Company   ) has granted you, the individual named in the attached Nonqualified Stock Option
Award Notice (the    Award Notice   ), an option (the    Option   ) to purchase from
the Company a specific number of shares of the Company s common stock (   Shares   ) at a specified
price per Share (the    Option Exercise Price   ) under the HMS Holdings Corp. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan
(as it may be amended from time to time) (the    Plan   ), the terms of which are incorporated by reference
herein in their entirety. The Option is subject in all respects to the applicable provisions of the Plan, the Award Notice and
this Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement (the    Award Agreement   ). Any term used in this Award
Agreement that is not specifically defined herein or in the Award Notice shall have the meaning specified in the Plan.  

Please
refer to the attached Award Notice for individualized details regarding your stock Option award, including the Date of Grant,
the total number of Shares covered by the Option granted to you (the    Option Shares   ), the Option Exercise
Price per Share, the schedule for Exercisability and applicable Exercisability Dates, and the latest date the Option will expire
(the    Option Expiration Date   ).  

The Plan document and the Prospectus
for the Plan are available on the Merrill Lynch website. The Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8, the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K, and other filings the Company makes with the Securities and Exchange Commission are available for
your review under the Investor Relations tab on the Company s web site ( http://investor.hms.com/financials.cfm ).
You may also obtain paper copies of these documents, without charge, upon request to the Company s Corporate Secretary,
5615 High Point Drive, Irving, Texas 75038, telephone: 972-916-2380.  

Neither the Company nor anyone
else is making any representations or promises regarding the duration of your service, exercisability of the Option, the value
of the Shares or of this Option, or the Company's prospects. The Company is not providing any advice regarding tax consequences
to you or your decisions regarding the Option; you agree to rely only upon your own personal advisors.  

NO
ONE MAY SELL, TRANSFER, OR DISTRIBUTE THE OPTION OR THE SECURITIES THAT MAY BE PURCHASED UPON EXERCISING THE OPTION WITHOUT AN
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT RELATING THERETO OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY OR OTHER INFORMATION AND
REPRESENTATIONS SATISFACTORY TO IT THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.   

In addition
to the Plan s terms and restrictions, the following terms and restrictions apply:  

Option Exercisability       While the Option remains
in effect under the  Option Expiration  section below, you may exercise any exercisable portions of the Option (and buy the Option Shares) under the timing rules of this section.  

The Option will become vested and
                                                                                                                                            exercisable according to the schedule provided in the Award Notice assuming that you remain an employee of the Company or a
                                                                                                                                            member of the Company s Board of Directors (the  Board ) through each Exercisability Date. For purposes
                                                                                                                                            of this Award Agreement, employment with the Company will include employment with any Affiliate whose employees are then
                                                                                                                                            eligible to receive awards under the Plan. Unless the Compensation Committee (the  Committee ) of the Board
                                                                                                                                            determines otherwise, if an entity employing you ceases to be an Affiliate, your employment with the Company will be treated
                                                                                                                                            as ended even though you continue to be employed by that entity.  

Unless otherwise specified in
                                                                                                                                            your employment or separation agreement, if your employment or service ends as a result of your disability or death, the
                                                                                                                                            Option will become vested and fully exercisable on your termination of employment. For this purpose,
                                                                                                                                               disability    means permanent and total disability as defined by Section 22(e)(3) of the Internal
                                                                                                                                            Revenue Code.  

If your employment or service ends
                                                                                                                                            as a result of Retirement, you will be treated as continuing in service for vesting purposes and the vested portion of
                                                                                                                                            the Option shall remain exercisable until (i) the earlier to occur of second anniversary of your Retirement and (ii) the
                                                                                                                                            Option Expiration Date (the  Retirement Period ). Unless determined by the Committee otherwise, any portion of
                                                                                                                                            the Option outstanding but not yet vested on the last day of the Retirement Period shall be forfeited.
                                                                                                                                               Retirement    for the purpose of this Award Agreement means cessation of service on or after
                                                                                                                                            attaining age 60 and completing five years of service with the Company.  

Change in  
Control         In addition
to any terms under your employment or separation agreement, if applicable, in the event
a Change in Control occurs, the Option, including any Performance Option, will be treated as provided in Section 11 of the Plan
(and, if applicable, your employment or separation agreement) if within 24 months following the Change in Control, your employment
or service ends on (i) a termination without Gross Misconduct or (ii) a resignation for good reason as specified under your employment
agreement, if applicable, provided also that the Option will remain outstanding for twelve months following such termination but
not beyond the Option Expiration Date.  

Option Expiration         The
Option will expire no later than the close of business on the Option Expiration Date. Unless otherwise specified in your employment
or separation agreement, this Award Agreement, or the Committee determines otherwise, unexercisable portions of the Option expire
immediately when you cease to be employed (unless you are concurrently remaining or becoming a member of the Board, or, for a
Board member, concurrently remaining or becoming an employee of the Company). If the Company terminates your employment or service
for Gross Misconduct, the Option will immediately expire without regard to whether it is then exercisable.    Gross
Misconduct    for purposes of this Award Agreement: (i) shall have the same meaning as  cause  in your
employment or separation agreement if you have an employment or separation agreement with the Company and cause is defined in
such agreement; or (ii) if you do not have an employment or separation agreement or your agreement does not define cause,  gross
misconduct  shall mean the occurrence of one of the following events: (A) your conviction or plea of guilty or nolo contendere
to any felony (or to a felony charge reduced to a misdemeanor) or with respect to your employment to any misdemeanor (other than
a traffic violation), (B) theft or embezzlement of assets of the Company or an Affiliate, or (C) violation of the terms of any
non-competition, non-disclosure or similar agreement with respect to the Company or any Affiliate to which the Plan participant
is a party, including the terms of   Appendix A  .  

Unless otherwise specified in
                                                                                                                                            your employment or separation agreement, exercisable portions of the Option remain exercisable until the first to occur of
                                                                                                                                            the following (the    Final Exercise Date   ), each as defined further in the Plan or this Award
                                                                                                                                            Agreement:  

Three
                                         months (measured to the corresponding date in the month) after your employment (or directorship)
                                         ends if you resign or if the Company terminates your employment or service without Gross
                                         Misconduct, except as provided above under the  Change in Control  section ;                                                                                                                                                      

For
                                         death or disability, the first anniversary of the date employment or service ends;                                                                                                                                                

For
                                         Retirement, the end of the second year following your date of Retirement; or                                                                                                                                          

The
                                         Option Expiration Date.    

The Committee can override
                                                                                                                                            the expiration provisions of this Award Agreement as provided in Section 6(b) of the Plan (including without limitation as a
                                                                                                                                            result of a legal prohibition on exercise or an applicable  black-out period  or  lock-up 
                                                                                                                                            agreement).  

Method of  
Exercise and  Payment for  
Shares         Subject to this Award
                                               Agreement and the Plan, you may exercise the Option only by providing a written notice (or notice through another previously
                                               approved method, which could include a voice- or web-based, other electronic, or e-mail system)
                                         to the Corporate Secretary of the Company or the Corporate Secretary s designee,
                                         received on or before the date the Option expires. Each such notice must satisfy whatever
                                         then-current procedures apply to that Option and must contain such representations (statements
                                         from you about your situation) as the Company requires. You must, at the same time, pay
                                         the Option Exercise Price using one or more of the following methods:  

Cash/ 
Check       by cash or check in the amount
of the Option Exercise Price payable to the order of the Company;  

Cashless       through an approved cashless
exercise method, including directing  

Exercise       the Company to send the stock
certificates (or other acceptable evidence of ownership) to be issued under the Option to a licensed broker acceptable
to the Company as your agent in exchange for the broker s tendering to the Company cash (or acceptable cash equivalents)
equal to the Option Exercise Price and, if you so elect, any required tax withholdings;  

Net Exercise         by delivery
of a notice of  net exercise  to us or as directed by the Company, as a result of which you will receive (i) the number
of Shares underlying the portion of the Option being exercised less (ii) such number of shares as is equal to (x) the aggregate
Option Exercise Price for the portion of the Option being exercised divided by (y) the Fair Market Value on the date of exercise;  

Stock   
                                   If
                                         permitted by the Committee, by delivery of Shares that you already own having a Fair
                                         Market Value equal to the Option Exercise Price on the date of exercise, provided that
                                         (i) applicable law then permits such method of payment, (ii) you owned such Shares, if
                                         acquired directly from the Company, for such minimum period of time, if any, as the Committee
                                         may establish in its discretion, and (iii) the Shares are not subject to any repurchase,
                                         forfeiture, unfulfilled vesting, or other similar restrictions; or                                                                                                                                

any
                                         combination of the above permitted forms for payment.   

Withholding       The issuance of the Option
Shares is contingent on satisfaction of all obligations with respect to required tax or other required withholdings (for example,
in the United States, any applicable Federal, state, and local taxes). The Company may take any action permitted under Section
14(c) of the Plan to satisfy such obligation, including, as permitted by the Committee, satisfying the tax obligations by (i)
reducing the number of Option Shares to be issued to you in connection with any exercise of such Option by the number of Option
Shares (valued at their Fair Market Value on the date of exercise) that would equal all taxes required to be withheld (at their
minimum withholding levels, except as otherwise permitted by the Committee or the Board), (ii) accepting payment of the withholdings
directly from you or from a broker in connection with a Cashless Exercise of the Option (as set forth above under  Cashless
Exercise ), or (iii) taking any other action under Section 14(c) of the Plan.  

Compliance 
with
Law       You may not exercise the
Option if the Company s issuing stock upon such exercise would violate any applicable Federal or state securities laws or other laws or regulations. You may not sell
or otherwise dispose of the Option Shares in violation of applicable law. As part of this prohibition, you may not use the Cashless
Exercise methods if the Company s insider trading policy then prohibits you from selling to the market.  

Additional 
Conditions 
to Exercise       The Company may postpone
issuing and delivering any Option Shares for so long
                                         as the Company determines to be advisable to satisfy the following:  

its completing or amending
any securities registration or qualification of the Option Shares  or  its or your satisfying any exemption from registration
under any Federal or state law, rule, or regulation;  

its receiving proof
it considers satisfactory that a person seeking to exercise the Option after your death is entitled to do so;  

your complying with
any requests for representations under the Plan; and/or  

your complying with
any Federal, state, or local tax withholding obligations.  

Additional
Representations from
You       If you exercise the Option
at a time when the Company does not have a current registration
                                         statement (generally on Form S-8) under the Securities Act of 1933 (the    Act   ) that covers issuances of shares to you, you must comply with the following before
the Company will issue the Option Shares to you. You must    

represent to the Company,
in a manner satisfactory to the Company s counsel, that you are acquiring the Option Shares for your own account and not
with a view to reselling or distributing the Option Shares; and  

agree that you will
not sell, transfer, or otherwise dispose of the Option Shares unless:  

a registration statement
under the Act is effective at the time of disposition with respect to the Option Shares you propose to sell, transfer, or otherwise
dispose of; or  

the Company has received
an opinion of counsel or other information and representations it considers satisfactory to the effect that, because of Rule 144
under the Act or otherwise, no registration under the Act is required.  

No Effect on Employment  
or Other Relationship         Nothing in this Award
                                                                 Agreement restricts the Company s rights or those of any of                                          its Affiliates to
                                                                 terminate your employment or other relationship at any time and for any or no reason. The termination of employment or other
                                                                 relationship, whether
                                         by the Company or any of its Affiliates or otherwise, and regardless of the reason for
                                         such termination, has the consequences provided for under the Plan and any applicable
                                         employment or severance agreement or plan.  

Not a Shareholder         You
understand and agree that the Company will not consider you a shareholder for any purpose with respect to any of the Option Shares
until you have exercised the Option, paid for the shares, and received evidence of ownership.  

No Effect on Running Business         You understand
and agree that the existence of the Option will not affect in any way the
right or power of the Company or its shareholders to make or authorize any adjustments, recapitalizations, reorganizations, or
other changes in the Company s capital structure or its business, or any merger or consolidation of the Company, or any
issuance of bonds, debentures, preferred or other stock, with preference ahead of or convertible into, or otherwise affecting
the Shares or the rights thereof, or the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or any sale or transfer of all or any part
of its assets or business, or any other corporate act or proceeding, whether or not of a similar character to those described
above.  

Governing Law         The laws of
the State of Delaware will govern all matters relating to the Option, without regard to the principles of conflict of laws, except
as otherwise specified herein or in an appendix attached hereto.  

Clawbacks       The Committee may cancel
this Option if you have engaged in or are engaging in activity that is in conflict with or adverse to the interest of the Company
while employed by or providing services to the Company or any subsidiary, including fraud or conduct contributing to any financial
restatements or irregularities. The Committee may cause you to forfeit any compensation, gain or other value realized thereafter
on the vesting or exercise of the Option or the sale of Shares acquired under the Option, and must promptly repay such amounts
to the Company. You agree that the Committee may require you to promptly repay to the Company any amount in excess of what you
should have received under the terms of the Option for any reason (including without limitation by reason of a financial restatement,
mistake in calculations or other administrative error). Furthermore, to the extent required by applicable law (including, without
limitation, Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act) and/or the rules and regulations of NASDAQ or any other securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation service on which the
Shares are listed or quoted, or if so required pursuant to a written policy adopted by the Company, the Option shall be subject
(including on a retroactive basis) to clawback, forfeiture or similar requirements.  

Restrictive Covenants       Attached to this Award Agreement
is   Appendix A   regarding your applicable    Restrictive
Covenants    (as defined therein). Your confirmation of receipt of this Option provides your consent to the Restrictive
Covenants and to the additional clawback rules set forth in   Appendix A  .  

Notices       Unless the Company specifies
another method of transmitting notice, any notice to the Company under this Award Agreement must be sent in writing, by hand or
by mail, to the office of the Company s Corporate Secretary at the Company s then corporate headquarters. The Company
will address any notices to you using its standard electronic communications methods, or to your current office or home address,
as reflected in the Company s personnel or other business records. You and the Company may change the address for notice
by like notice to the other, and the Company may also change the address for notice by general announcements to the Plan participants.  

Amendment       The Committee may amend the
Option without your consent provided that it concludes such amendment is not materially adverse to you, is required for compliance
with Section 409A, or is permitted under Section 12 of the Plan.  

Plan Governs         Wherever
a conflict may arise between the terms of this Award Agreement and the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control.
The Committee may adjust the number of Option Shares, the Option Exercise Price, and other terms of the Option from time to time
as the Plan provides.  

Electronic Execution of  
Award
Agreement       You, by your electronic execution of
                                                     this Award Agreement, agree to the terms and conditions contained herein, including the terms set forth in   Appendix A    [and, if applicable,  Appendix B]  , and further agree to execute any documents requested by
the Company required to effect the issuance of stock to you in connection with your exercise of the Option.  

Appendix
A    

Restrictive
Covenants   

Insert
Applicable Restrictive Covenants   

Appendix
B    

Performance
Option for Executive Vice Presidents and Senior Vice Presidents   

Insert
Applicable Vesting Schedule   

Page 10  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 exh_102.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 10.2   

2016
RSU Award Notice and Agreement    

RESTRICTED
STOCK UNIT AWARD NOTICE   

HMS
Holdings Corp.   

   2016
Omnibus Incentive Plan   

Dear   Participant Name  ,    

Congratulations, HMS Holdings
Corp. (the    Company   ) has granted you restricted stock units (   RSUs   ) under
the Company s 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as it may be amended from time to time (the    Plan   ).
An RSU entitles you to receive a share of the Company s common stock at a future date, assuming that you satisfy the terms
and conditions of the Plan and the attached implementing Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the    Award Agreement   ).
We would like you to have an opportunity to share in the success of the Company through this RSU award under the Plan. The following
represents a brief description of your individual award.  

Restricted Stock Unit Award
Summary:    

Date of Grant   
       Date    
 
       RSU
    Shares   
       Number
    of Shares Covered by the RSUs Granted    
 
       Vesting
       
       [One-sixth/one-fourth/one-third]
     of the RSU Shares shall vest on the first, second and third anniversaries of the Date of Grant [, with the remainder
    vesting in accordance with the applicable schedule for the Performance RSUs set forth in  Appendix B  to the Award Agreement] .  Each
    of those dates is a   Vesting Date .    
 
       Participant
    Management-Level    
       Management
    level of Participant at Date of Grant    

You
                                         have been granted RSUs for shares of the Company s common stock (   Shares   )
                                         for the total number of Shares specified under    RSU Shares   
                                         in the chart above.                                                                                 

The
                                         potential value of your RSUs increases if the price of the Company s stock increases,
                                         but you also have to continue to provide services to the Company (except as the Award
                                         Agreement provides) to actually receive such value. Of course, the value of the stock
                                         may go up and down over time.                                                                                           

You
                                         will not receive the Shares represented by the RSUs unless and until the RSUs vest. Your
                                         RSUs vest as provided in the chart above under    Vesting  ,  assuming
                                         you remain an employee or a member of the Board of Directors of the Company and subject
                                         to the terms in the Award Agreement.                                                                                                  

Once
                                         you have received the Shares, you will own them and may decide whether to hold the stock,
                                         sell the stock or give the stock to someone as a gift.                                                                                                                    

Additional
                                         details regarding your RSU award are provided in the Plan and the Award Agreement.                                                                                                                                                

You can access the Merrill
Lynch website, including updates and additional information at:  https://www29.benefits.ml.com/login/login.aspx . Please
email  EquityAdministration@hms.com  with any questions regarding the Merrill Lynch website.    

RESTRICTED
STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT   

   FOR
EMPLOYEES   

HMS
Holdings Corp.   

   2016
Omnibus Incentive Plan   

HMS Holdings
Corp. (the    Company   ) has granted you, the individual named in the attached Restricted Stock Unit Award
Notice (the    Award Notice   ), restricted stock units (the    RSUs   ) under the
HMS Holdings Corp. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (as it may be amended from time to time) (the    Plan   ),
the terms of which are incorporated by reference herein in their entirety. Each RSU lets you receive a share (an    RSU
Share   ) of the Company s common stock (the    Shares   ) and is subject in all respects
to the applicable provisions of the Plan, the Award Notice and this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the    Award
Agreemen  t ). Any term used in this Award Agreement that is not specifically defined herein or in the Award Notice
shall have the meaning specified in the Plan.  

Please
refer to the attached Award Notice for individualized details regarding your RSU award, including the Date of Grant, the total
number of RSU Shares granted to you, and the schedule for Vesting and applicable vesting dates (the    Vesting Dates   ).  

The Plan document and the Prospectus
for the Plan are available on the Merrill Lynch website. The Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8, the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K, and other filings the Company makes with the Securities and Exchange Commission are available for
your review under the Investor Relations tab on the Company s web site ( http://investor.hms.com/financials.cfm ).
You may also obtain paper copies of these documents, without charge, upon request to the Company s Corporate Secretary,
5615 High Point Drive, Irving, Texas 75038, telephone: 972-916-2380.  

Neither the Company nor anyone
else is making any representations or promises regarding the duration of your service, vesting of the RSUs, the value of the Shares
or of these RSUs, or the Company's prospects. The Company is not providing any advice regarding tax consequences to you or your
decisions regarding the RSUs; you agree to rely only upon your own personal advisors.  

NO
ONE MAY SELL, TRANSFER, OR DISTRIBUTE THE RSUS OR THE SECURITIES THAT MAY BE RECEIVED UNDER THEM WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT RELATING THERETO OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY OR OTHER INFORMATION AND REPRESENTATIONS SATISFACTORY
TO IT THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.   

In addition
to the Plan s terms and restrictions, the following terms and restrictions apply:  

Vesting Schedule       Your RSUs become nonforfeitable
(   Vested   ) as provided in the Award Notice, assuming that you remain
an employee of the Company or a member of the Company s Board of Directors (the    Board   ) through
each Vesting Date. For purposes of this Award Agreement, employment with the Company will include employment with any Affiliate
whose employees are then eligible to receive awards under the Plan. Unless the Compensation Committee (the    Committee   )
of the Board determines otherwise, if an entity employing you ceases to be an Affiliate, your employment with the Company will
be treated as ended even though you continue to be employed by that entity.  

Unless otherwise specified in
                                                                                                                                            your employment or separation agreement, if your employment or service ends as a result of your disability, your RSUs will
                                                                                                                                            become fully vested on your termination of employment. For this purpose    disability    means
                                                                                                                                            permanent and total disability as defined by Section 22(e)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code. Unless otherwise specified in
                                                                                                                                            your employment or separation agreement, if your employment ends as a result of your death, your RSUs (including the
                                                                                                                                            Performance RSUs) will immediately vest in full upon your death.  

If your employment or service ends
                                                                                                                                            as a result of Retirement, you will be treated as continuing in service for vesting purposes until the earlier to occur
                                                                                                                                            of (i) the second anniversary of your Retirement and (ii) the last of the applicable Vesting Dates (the
                                                                                                                                               Retirement Period   ). Unless determined by the Committee otherwise, any unvested RSUs on the last
                                                                                                                                            day of the Retirement Period shall be forfeited.    Retirement    for the purpose of this Award
                                                                                                                                            Agreement means cessation of employment or service on or after attaining age 60 and completing five years of service with the
                                                                                                                                            Company.  

Change in Control         In addition
to any terms and conditions under your employment or separation agreement, if applicable,
in the event a Change in Control occurs, the RSUs, including any Performance RSUs, will be treated as provided in Section 11 of
the Plan (and, if applicable, your employment or separation agreement) if within 24 months following the Change in Control, your
employment or service ends on (i) a termination without Gross Misconduct, (ii) a resignation for good reason as specified under
your employment agreement, if applicable, or (iii) Retirement.  

Termination due   to Misconduct          If the Company
terminates your employment or service for Gross Misconduct, the
RSUs will immediately terminate without regard to whether they are then Vested in whole or in part.    Gross Misconduct   
for purposes of this Award Agreement: (i) shall have the same meaning as  cause  in your employment or separation
agreement if you have an employment or separation agreement with the Company and cause is defined in such agreement; or (ii) if
you do not have an employment or separation agreement or your agreement does not define cause,  gross misconduct 
shall mean the occurrence of one of the following events: (A) your conviction or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to any felony
(or to a felony charge reduced to a misdemeanor) or with respect to your employment to any misdemeanor (other than a traffic violation),
(B) theft or embezzlement of assets of the Company or an Affiliate, or (C) violation of the terms of any non-competition, non-disclosure
or similar agreement with respect to the Company or any Affiliate to which the Plan participant is a party, including the terms
of   Appendix A  .  

Distribution Date       Subject
to any overriding provisions in the Plan, you will receive a distribution of the shares of common stock of the Company (   Shares   )
equivalent to your Vested RSU Shares as soon as practicable following the date(s) on which they become Vested (with the actual
date being the    Distribution Date   ) and, in any event, no later than 30 days following an applicable
Vesting Date, unless the Committee determines that you may make a timely deferral election to defer distribution to a later date
and you have made such an election (in which case the deferred date will be the    Distribution Date   ).  

Vesting that accelerates after
                                                                                                                                            a Change in Control will only accelerate the Distribution Date if and to the extent permitted under Section 409A of the
                                                                                                                                            Internal Revenue Code (   Section 409A   ).  

Restrictions and Forfeiture       You may not sell, assign,
pledge, encumber, or otherwise transfer any interest (   Transfer   )
in the RSUs or RSU Shares until the RSU Shares are distributed to you. Any attempted
Transfer that precedes the Distribution Date is invalid.  

Unless otherwise specified in
                                                                                                                                            your employment or separation agreement, this Award Agreement, or the Committee determines otherwise, if your employment or
                                                                                                                                            service with the Company terminates for any reason before your RSUs are Vested, then you will forfeit the unvested RSUs (and
                                                                                                                                            the Shares to which they relate) to the extent that the RSUs do not otherwise vest as a result of the termination in
                                                                                                                                            accordance with the rules in the  Vesting Schedule  section above. The forfeited RSUs will then immediately revert to
                                                                                                                                            the Company. You will receive no payment for the RSUs if you forfeit them.  

Taxes and Withholding         The RSUs provide
tax deferral, meaning that the RSU Shares are not taxable until you actually receive
the RSU Shares on or around the Distribution Date. You will then owe taxes at ordinary income tax rates as of the Distribution
Date at the Shares' value. As an employee of the Company, you may owe FICA and HI (Social Security and Medicare) taxes  before
 the Distribution Date.  

The issuance of Shares under the
                                                                                                                                            RSUs is contingent on satisfaction of all obligations with respect to required tax or other required withholdings (for
                                                                                                                                            example, in the United States, any applicable Federal, state, and local taxes). The Company may take any action permitted
                                                                                                                                            under Section 14(c) of the Plan to satisfy such obligation, including, as permitted by the Committee, satisfying the tax
                                                                                                                                            obligations by (i) reducing the number of RSU Shares to be issued to you by that number of Shares (valued at their Fair
                                                                                                                                            Market Value on the date of distribution) that would equal all taxes required to be withheld (at their minimum withholding
                                                                                                                                            levels, except as otherwise permitted by the Committee or the Board), (ii) accepting payment of the withholdings directly
                                                                                                                                            from you or from a broker in connection with a sale of the RSU Shares, or (iii) taking any other action under Section
                                                                                                                                            14(c) of the Plan.  

Compliance with Law       The Company will not issue
the RSU Shares if doing so would violate any applicable
Federal or state securities laws or other laws or regulations. You may not sell or otherwise dispose of the RSU Shares in violation
of applicable law.  

Additional Conditions to Receipt       The Company may postpone
issuing and delivering any RSU Shares for so long as the Company determines
to be advisable to satisfy the following:  

its completing or amending
any securities registration or qualification of the RSU Shares  or  its or your satisfying any exemption from registration
under any Federal or state law, rule, or regulation;  

its receiving proof
it considers satisfactory that a person seeking to receive the RSU Shares after your death is entitled to do so;  

your complying with
any requests for representations under the Plan; and/or  

your complying with
any Federal, state, or local tax withholding obligations.  

Additional
Representations from
You       If the vesting provisions
of the RSUs are satisfied and you are entitled to receive RSU
                                         Shares at a time when the Company does not have a current registration statement (generally on Form S-8) under the Securities Act of 1933 (the    Act   ) that covers
issuances of shares to you, you must comply with the following before the Company will issue the RSU Shares to you. You must    

represent to the Company,
in a manner satisfactory to the Company s counsel, that you are acquiring the RSU Shares for your own account and not with
a view to reselling or distributing the RSU Shares; and  

agree that you will
not sell, transfer, or otherwise dispose of the RSU Shares unless:  

a registration statement
under the Act is effective at the time of disposition with respect to the RSU Shares you propose to sell, transfer, or otherwise
dispose of; or  

the Company has received
an opinion of counsel or other information and representations it considers satisfactory to the effect that, because of Rule 144
under the Act or otherwise, no registration under the Act is required.  

No Effect on Employment
or Other Relationship         Nothing in this Award
                                                                 Agreement restricts the Company s rights or those of any of its Affiliates to terminate your employment or other
                                                                 relationship at any time and for any or no reason. The termination of employment or other relationship, whether by the Company or any of its Affiliates or otherwise, and regardless of the reason for such termination, has the consequences provided for under the Plan and any applicable employment or severance agreement or plan.  

Limited Status         You understand
and agree that the Company will not consider you a shareholder for any purpose with respect to the RSU Shares, unless and until
the RSU Shares have been issued to you on the Distribution Date. You will not receive dividends with respect to the RSUs, but
the Company will credit additional whole or fractional RSUs to this grant equal to the result of dividing (i) the product of the
total number of RSUs credited to you under this grant on the record date for such dividend (and not yet distributed in Shares)
and the per share amount of such dividend by (ii) the Fair Market Value of one Share on the date such dividend is paid by the
Company to shareholders. The additional RSUs will be or become Vested to the same extent as the RSUs that resulted in the crediting
of such additional units and may be paid out in cash or Shares under the timing rules provided in Section 8(e) of the Plan.  

Voting       You may not vote the RSUs.
You may not vote the RSU Shares unless and until the Shares are distributed to you or for your account.  

No Effect on Running
Business         You understand
and agree that the existence of the RSUs will not affect in any way the right or power of the Company or its shareholders to make or authorize any adjustments, recapitalizations,
reorganizations, or other changes in the Company s capital structure or its business, or any merger or consolidation of
the Company, or any issuance of bonds, debentures, preferred or other stock, with preference ahead of or convertible into, or
otherwise affecting the Shares or the rights thereof, or the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or any sale or transfer
of all or any part of its assets or business, or any other corporate act or proceeding, whether or not of a similar character
to those described above.  

Section 409A         The RSUs are
intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A and must be construed consistently with that section. Notwithstanding
anything in the Plan or this Award Agreement to the contrary, if the RSUs Vest in connection with your  separation from
service  within the meaning of Section 409A, as determined by the Company, and if (x) you are then a  specified employee 
within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of such separation from service (as determined by the Company, by which determination
you agree you are bound) and (y) the distribution of RSU Shares under such RSUs will result in the imposition of additional tax
under Section 409A if distributed to you within the six month period following your separation from service, then the distribution
under such accelerated RSUs will not be made until the earlier of (i) the date six months and one day following the date
of your separation from service or (ii) the 10th day after your date of death. Neither the Company nor you shall have the right
to accelerate or defer the delivery of any such RSU Shares or benefits except to the extent specifically permitted or required
by Section 409A. In no event may the Company or you defer the delivery of the RSU Shares beyond the date specified in the  Distribution
Date  section, unless such deferral complies in all respects with Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b) related to subsequent
changes in the time or form of payment of nonqualified deferred compensation arrangements, or any successor regulation.  In
any event, the Company makes no representations or warranty and shall have no liability to you or any other person, if any provisions
of or distributions under this Award Agreement are determined to constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A but
not to satisfy the conditions of that section.   

Unsecured Creditor       The RSUs create a contractual
obligation on the part of the Company to make a distribution of the RSU Shares at the time provided for in this Award Agreement. Neither you nor any other party claiming an interest in deferred compensation hereunder shall have any interest whatsoever in any specific assets of the Company. Your right to receive distributions hereunder is that of an unsecured general creditor of Company.  

Governing Law         The laws of
the State of Delaware will govern all matters relating to the RSUs without regard to the principles of conflict of laws, except
as otherwise specified herein or in an appendix attached hereto.  

Clawbacks       The Committee may cancel
these RSUs if you have engaged in or are engaging in activity that is in conflict with or adverse to the interest of the Company
while employed by or providing services to the Company or any subsidiary, including fraud or conduct contributing to any financial
restatements or irregularities. The Committee may cause you to forfeit any compensation, gain or other value realized thereafter
on the vesting or settlement of these RSUs or the sale of Shares acquired in respect of the RSUs, and must promptly repay such
amounts to the Company. You agree that the Committee may require you to promptly repay to the Company any amount in excess of
what you should have received under the terms of the RSUs for any reason (including without limitation by reason of a financial
restatement, mistake in calculations or other administrative error). Furthermore, to the extent required by applicable law (including,
without limitation, Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act) and/or the rules and regulations of NASDAQ or any other securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation service on which the
Shares are listed or quoted, or if so required pursuant to a written policy adopted by the Company, these RSUs shall be subject
(including on a retroactive basis) to clawback, forfeiture or similar requirements.  

Restrictive Covenants       Attached to this Award Agreement
is   Appendix A   regarding your applicable     Restrictive Covenants    (as defined therein). Your confirmation of receipt of these RSUs provides your consent to the Restrictive Covenants and to the additional clawback rules set forth in   Appendix A  .   

Notices       Unless the Company specifies
another method of transmitting notice, any notice to the Company under this Award Agreement must be sent in writing, by hand or
by mail, to the office of the Company s Corporate Secretary at the Company s then corporate headquarters. The Company
will address any notices to you using its standard electronic communications methods, or to your current office or home address,
as reflected in the Company s personnel or other business records. You and the Company may change the address for notice
by like notice to the other, and the Company may also change the address for notice by general announcements to the Plan participants.  

Amendment       The Committee may amend the
RSUs without your consent provided that it concludes such amendment is not materially adverse to you, is required for compliance
with Section 409A, or is permitted under Section 12 of the Plan.  

Plan Governs         Wherever
a conflict may arise between the terms of this Award Agreement and the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control.
The Committee may adjust the number of RSU Shares and other terms of the RSUs from time to time as the Plan provides.  

Electronic Execution of  
Award
Agreement       You, by your electronic execution of
                                                     this Award Agreement, agree to the terms and conditions contained herein, including the terms set forth in   Appendix A        [and, if applicable,  Appendix B  ], and further agree to execute any documents requested by
the Company required to effect the conversion of the RSUs into Shares.  

Appendix
A    

Restrictive
Covenants  

Insert
Applicable Restrictive Covenants   

Appendix B    

Performance
RSUs for Executive Vice Presidents and Senior Vice Presidents   

Insert
Applicable Vesting Schedule   

Page 9 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 exh_103.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.3

Exhibit 10.3   

2016
NQSO Award Notice and Agreement    

NONQUALIFIED
STOCK OPTION AWARD NOTICE   

HMS
Holdings Corp.   

   2016
Omnibus Incentive Plan   

Dear   Participant Name  ,    

Congratulations, HMS Holdings
Corp. (the    Company   ) has granted you a stock option award under the Company s 2016 Omnibus Incentive
Plan, as it may be amended from time to time (the    Plan   ). A stock option gives you the right to purchase
a specific number of shares of the Company s common stock at a fixed price, assuming that you satisfy the terms and conditions
of the Plan and the attached implementing Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement (the    Award Agreement   ).
We would like you to have an opportunity to share in the success of the Company through this stock option award under the Plan.
The following represents a brief description of your individual award.  

Stock Option Award Summary:

Date of Grant   
        Date     
 
       Option
    Shares   
        Number
    of Shares Covered by the Option Granted     
 
       Option
    Exercise Price per Share   
       $_____    
 
       Exercisability
       
       _______________________.  Each
    of those dates is an   Exercisability Date  .    
 
       Option
    Expiration Date   
        Date
    of tenth anniversary of the Date of Grant     

You
                                         have been granted a nonqualified stock option (the   Option  ) to purchase
                                         shares of the Company s common stock (   Shares   ). The
                                         total number of Shares covered by the Option granted to you is in the chart above under
                                            Option Shares    and the price per share is under    Option
                                         Exercise Price per Share  .                                                                                                       

The
                                         potential value of your stock option award increases if the price of the Company s
                                         stock increases, but you also have to continue to provide services to the Company (except
                                         as the Award Agreement provides) to actually receive such value. Of course, the value
                                         of the stock may go up and down over time.                                                                                                        

You
                                         cannot exercise the Option (actually purchase Shares) until it becomes exercisable. Your
                                         stock option becomes exercisable as provided in the chart above under    Exercisability  , 
                                         assuming you remain a member of the Board of Directors of the Company or an employee
                                         of the Company through each Exercisability Date and subject to the terms in the Award
                                         Agreement.                                                                        

Additional
                                         details regarding your stock option award are provided in the Plan and the Award Agreement.                                                                                                                                                         

Whether
                                         or not you decide to exercise your stock option and purchase the Shares is your decision,
                                         and you have until the stock option expires (which will be no later than the  tenth
                                          anniversary of the    Date of Grant    but can end earlier
                                         in various situations) to make that decision.                                                                                                           

Once
                                         you have purchased the Shares, you will own them and may decide whether to hold the stock,
                                         sell the stock or give the stock to someone as a gift.                                                                                                                    

You can access the Merrill
Lynch website, including updates and additional information at:  https://www29.benefits.ml.com/login/login.aspx . Please
email  EquityAdministration@hms.com  with any questions regarding the Merrill Lynch website.    

NONQUALIFIED
STOCK OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT   

   FOR
NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS    

HMS
Holdings Corp.   

   2016
Omnibus Incentive Plan   

HMS Holdings
Corp. (the    Company   ) has granted you, the individual named in the attached Nonqualified Stock Option
Award Notice (the    Award Notice   ), an option (the    Option   ) to purchase from
the Company a specific number of shares of the Company s common stock (   Shares   ) at a specified
price per Share (the    Option Exercise Price   ) under the HMS Holdings Corp. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan
(as it may be amended from time to time) (the    Plan   ), the terms of which are incorporated by reference
herein in their entirety. The Option is subject in all respects to the applicable provisions of the Plan, the Award Notice and
this Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement (the    Award Agreement   ). Any term used in this Award
Agreement that is not specifically defined herein or in the Award Notice shall have the meaning specified in the Plan.  

Please
refer to the attached Award Notice for individualized details regarding your stock Option award, including the Date of Grant,
the total number of Shares covered by the Option granted to you (the    Option Shares   ), the Option Exercise
Price per Share, the schedule for Exercisability and applicable Exercisability Dates, and the latest date the Option will expire
(the    Option Expiration Date   ).  

The Plan document and the Prospectus
for the Plan are available on the Merrill Lynch website. The Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8, the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K, and other filings the Company makes with the Securities and Exchange Commission are available for
your review under the Investor Relations tab on the Company s web site ( http://investor.hms.com/financials.cfm ).
You may also obtain paper copies of these documents, without charge, upon request to the Company s Corporate Secretary,
5615 High Point Drive, Irving, Texas 75038, telephone: 972-916-2380.  

Neither the Company nor anyone
else is making any representations or promises regarding the duration of your service, exercisability of the Option, the value
of the Shares or of this Option, or the Company's prospects. The Company is not providing any advice regarding tax consequences
to you or your decisions regarding the Option; you agree to rely only upon your own personal advisors.  

NO
ONE MAY SELL, TRANSFER, OR DISTRIBUTE THE OPTION OR THE SECURITIES THAT MAY BE PURCHASED UPON EXERCISING THE OPTION WITHOUT AN
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT RELATING THERETO OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY OR OTHER INFORMATION AND
REPRESENTATIONS SATISFACTORY TO IT THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.   

In addition
to the Plan s terms and restrictions, the following terms and restrictions apply:  

Option Exercisability       While the Option remains
in effect under the  Option Expiration  section below, you may exercise any exercisable portions of the Option (and buy the Option Shares) under the timing rules of this section.  

The Option will become vested and
                                                                                                                                            exercisable according to the schedule provided in the Award Notice assuming that you remain a member of the
                                                                                                                                            Company s Board of Directors (the    Board   ) or an employee of the Company through each
                                                                                                                                            Exercisability Date, as designated by the Compensation Committee (the    Committee   ) of the
                                                                                                                                            Board.  

Unless otherwise determined by
                                                                                                                                            the Committee, if your service with the Board ends as a result of your disability or death, the Option will become vested and
                                                                                                                                            fully exercisable on your termination of service. For this purpose,    disability    means permanent
                                                                                                                                            and total disability as defined by Section 22(e)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code.  

If your service ends as a result of
                                                                                                                                            Retirement, you will be treated as continuing in service for vesting purposes and the portion of the Option that was
                                                                                                                                            exercisable on the date of Retirement shall remain exercisable until (i) the earlier to occur of second anniversary of your
                                                                                                                                            Retirement and (ii) the Option Expiration Date.    Retirement    for the purpose of this Award
                                                                                                                                            Agreement means cessation of service on or after attaining age 60 and completing five years of service with the
                                                                                                                                            Company.  

Change in         In the event
a Change in Control occurs, the Option will be treated as provided in Section 11 of the Plan if within 24 months following the
Change in Control, your service ends on a termination without Gross Misconduct, provided also that the Option will remain outstanding
for twelve months following such termination but not beyond the Option Expiration Date.  

Option Expiration         The
Option will expire no later than the close of business on the Option Expiration Date. Unless the Committee determines otherwise,
unexercisable portions of the Option expire immediately when you cease to be a Director (unless you are concurrently remaining
or becoming an employee, or, for an employee, concurrently remaining or becoming a member of the Board). If the Company terminates
your service for Gross Misconduct, the Option will immediately expire without regard to whether it is then exercisable.    Gross
Misconduct    for purposes of this Award Agreement shall mean the occurrence of one of the following events: (A) your
conviction or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to any felony (or to a felony charge reduced to a misdemeanor), (B) theft or embezzlement
of assets of the Company or an Affiliate, or (C) violation of the terms of any non-competition, non-disclosure, confidentiality
or similar obligation or agreement with respect to the Company or any Affiliate to which the Plan participant is a party.  

Exercisable portions of the Option
                                                                                                                                            remain exercisable until the first to occur of the following (the    Final Exercise Date   ), each as
                                                                                                                                            defined further in the Plan or this Award Agreement:  

Three
                                         months (measured to the corresponding date in the month) after your employment (or directorship)
                                         ends if you resign or if the Company terminates your employment or service without Gross
                                         Misconduct, except as provided above under the  Change in Control  section ;                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

For
                                         death or disability, the first anniversary of the date employment or service ends;                                                                                                                                                

For
                                         Retirement, the end of the second year following your date of Retirement; or                                                                                                                                          

The
                                         Option Expiration Date.    

The Committee can override
                                                                                                                                            the expiration provisions of this Award Agreement as provided in Section 6(b) of the Plan (including without limitation as a
                                                                                                                                            result of a legal prohibition on exercise or an applicable  black-out period  or  lock-up 
                                                                                                                                            agreement).  

Method of   Exercise
and Payment for  
Shares         Subject to this Award
                                                                  Agreement and the Plan, you may exercise the Option only by providing a written notice (or notice through another previously
                                                                  approved method, which could include a voice- or web-based, other electronic, or e-mail system) to the Corporate Secretary of the Company or the Corporate Secretary s designee, received on or before the date the Option expires. Each such notice must satisfy whatever then-current procedures apply to that Option and must contain such representations (statements from you about your situation) as the Company requires. You must, at the same time, pay the Option Exercise Price using one or more of the following methods:  

Cash/ 
Check       by cash or check in the amount
of the Option Exercise Price payable to the order of the Company;  

Cashless Exercise       through an approved
                                                                                                                                                                   cashless exercise method, including directing the
Company to send the stock certificates (or other acceptable evidence of ownership) to be issued under the Option to a licensed
broker acceptable to the Company as your agent in exchange for the broker s tendering to the Company cash (or acceptable
cash equivalents) equal to the Option Exercise Price and, if you so elect, any required tax withholdings;  

Net      Exercise       by
delivery of a notice of  net exercise  to us or as directed by the Company, as a result of which you will receive
(i) the number of Shares underlying the portion of the Option being exercised less (ii) such number of shares as is equal to (x)
the aggregate Option Exercise Price for the portion of the Option being exercised divided by (y) the Fair Market Value on the
date of exercise;  

Stock       if permitted by the Committee, by delivery of Shares that you already own having a Fair Market Value equal to the Option Exercise Price on the date of exercise, provided that (i) applicable law then permits such method of payment, (ii) you owned such Shares, if acquired directly from the Company, for such minimum period of time, if any, as the Committee may establish in its discretion, and (iii) the Shares are not subject to any repurchase, forfeiture, unfulfilled vesting, or other similar restrictions; or  

any
combination of the above permitted forms for payment.   

Withholding       The issuance of the Option
Shares is contingent on satisfaction of all obligations with respect to required tax or other required withholdings (for example,
in the United States, any applicable Federal, state, and local taxes). The Company may take any action permitted under Section
14(c) of the Plan to satisfy such obligation, including, as permitted by the Committee, satisfying the tax obligations by (i)
reducing the number of Option Shares to be issued to you in connection with any exercise of such Option by the number of Option
Shares (valued at their Fair Market Value on the date of exercise) that would equal all taxes required to be withheld (at their
minimum withholding levels, except as otherwise permitted by the Committee or the Board), (ii) accepting payment of the withholdings
directly from you or from a broker in connection with a Cashless Exercise of the Option (as set forth above under  Cashless
Exercise ), or (iii) taking any other action under Section 14(c) of the Plan.  

Compliance  
with
Law       You may not exercise the
Option if the Company s issuing stock upon such exercise would violate any applicable Federal or state securities laws or other laws or regulations. You may not sell
or otherwise dispose of the Option Shares in violation of applicable law. As part of this prohibition, you may not use the Cashless
Exercise methods if the Company s insider trading policy then prohibits you from selling to the market.  

Additional Conditions to Exercise       The Company may postpone
issuing and delivering any Option Shares for so long as the Company determines to be advisable to satisfy the following:  

its completing or amending
any securities registration or qualification of the Option Shares  or  its or your satisfying any exemption from registration
under any Federal or state law, rule, or regulation;  

its receiving proof
it considers satisfactory that a person seeking to exercise the Option after your death is entitled to do so;  

your complying with
any requests for representations under the Plan; and/or  

your complying with
any Federal, state, or local tax withholding obligations.  

Additional
Representations from
You       If you exercise the Option at a time
                                               when the Company does not have a current registration statement (generally on Form S-8) under the Securities Act of 1933    (the    Act   ) that covers issuances of shares to you, you must comply with the following before
the Company will issue the Option Shares to you. You must     

represent to the Company,
in a manner satisfactory to the Company s counsel, that you are acquiring the Option Shares for your own account and not
with a view to reselling or distributing the Option Shares; and  

agree that you will
not sell, transfer, or otherwise dispose of the Option Shares unless:  

a registration statement
under the Act is effective at the time of disposition with respect to the Option Shares you propose to sell, transfer, or otherwise
dispose of; or  

the Company has received
an opinion of counsel or other information and representations it considers satisfactory to the effect that, because of Rule 144
under the Act or otherwise, no registration under the Act is required.  

No Effect on Employment
 
Other  
Relationship         Nothing in this Award Agreement
                                                                                                                                                                               restricts the Company s rights or those of any of its Affiliates to terminate your employment or other relationship at
                                                                                                                                                                               any time  or  and for any or no reason. The termination of employment or other relationship, whether by the Company or any of its Affiliates or otherwise, and regardless of the reason for such termination, has the consequences provided for under the Plan and any applicable employment or severance agreement or plan.  

Not a Shareholder         You
understand and agree that the Company will not consider you a shareholder for any purpose with respect to any of the Option Shares
until you have exercised the Option, paid for the shares, and received evidence of ownership.  

No Effect on Running
Business         You understand
and agree that the existence of the Option will not affect in any way the right or power of the Company or its shareholders to make or authorize any adjustments, recapitalizations,
reorganizations, or other changes in the Company s capital structure or its business, or any merger or consolidation of
the Company, or any issuance of bonds, debentures, preferred or other stock, with preference ahead of or convertible into, or
otherwise affecting the Shares or the rights thereof, or the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or any sale or transfer
of all or any part of its assets or business, or any other corporate act or proceeding, whether or not of a similar character
to those described above.  

Governing Law         The laws of
the State of Delaware will govern all matters relating to the Option, without regard to the principles of conflict of laws.  

Clawbacks       The Committee may cancel
this Option if you have engaged in or are engaging in activity that is in conflict with or adverse to the interest of the Company
while employed by or providing services to the Company or any subsidiary, including fraud or conduct contributing to any financial
restatements or irregularities. The Committee may cause you to forfeit any compensation, gain or other value realized thereafter
on the vesting or exercise of the Option or the sale of Shares acquired under the Option, and must promptly repay such amounts
to the Company. You agree that the Committee may require you to promptly repay to the Company any amount in excess of what you
should have received under the terms of the Option for any reason (including without limitation by reason of a financial restatement,
mistake in calculations or other administrative error). Furthermore, to the extent required by applicable law (including, without
limitation, Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act) and/or the rules and regulations of NASDAQ or any other securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation service on which the
Shares are listed or quoted, or if so required pursuant to a written policy adopted by the Company, the Option shall be subject
(including on a retroactive basis) to clawback, forfeiture or similar requirements.  

Notices       Unless the Company specifies
another method of transmitting notice, any notice to the Company under this Award Agreement must be sent in writing, by hand or
by mail, to the office of the Company s Corporate Secretary at the Company s then corporate headquarters. The Company
will address any notices to you using its standard electronic communications methods, or to your current office or home address,
as reflected in the Company s personnel or other business records. You and the Company may change the address for notice
by like notice to the other, and the Company may also change the address for notice by general announcements to the Plan participants.  

Amendment       The Committee may amend the
Option without your consent provided that it concludes such amendment is not materially adverse to you, is required for compliance
with Section 409A, or is permitted under Section 12 of the Plan.  

Plan Governs         Wherever
a conflict may arise between the terms of this Award Agreement and the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control.
The Committee may adjust the number of Option Shares, the Option Exercise Price, and other terms of the Option from time to time
as the Plan provides.  

Electronic Execution of  
Award
Agreement       You, by your electronic execution of
                                                     this Award Agreement, agree to the terms and conditions contained herein and further agree to execute any documents requested by the Company required to effect the issuance of stock to you in connection with your exercise of
the Option.  

Page
7  

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 5
 exh_104.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.4

Exhibit 10.4   

2016
RSU Award Notice and Agreement    

RESTRICTED
STOCK UNIT AWARD NOTICE   

HMS
Holdings Corp.   

   2016
Omnibus Incentive Plan   

Dear   Participant Name  ,    

Congratulations, HMS Holdings
Corp. (the    Company   ) has granted you restricted stock units (   RSUs   ) under
the Company s 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as it may be amended from time to time (the    Plan   ).
An RSU entitles you to receive a share of the Company s common stock at a future date, assuming that you satisfy the terms
and conditions of the Plan and the attached implementing Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the    Award Agreement   ).
We would like you to have an opportunity to share in the success of the Company through this RSU award under the Plan. The following
represents a brief description of your individual award.  

Restricted Stock Unit Award
Summary:    

Date of Grant   
        Date     
 
       RSU
    Shares   
        Number
    of Shares Covered by the RSUs Granted     
 
       Vesting
       
       ____________________.  Each
    of those dates is a   Vesting Date  .    

You
                                         have been granted RSUs for shares of the Company s common stock (   Shares   )
                                         for the total number of Shares specified under    RSU Shares   
                                         in the chart above.                                                                                 

The
                                         potential value of your RSUs increases if the price of the Company s stock increases,
                                         but you also have to continue to provide services to the Company (except as the Award
                                         Agreement provides) to actually receive such value. Of course, the value of the stock
                                         may go up and down over time.                                                                                           

You
                                         will not receive the Shares represented by the RSUs unless and until the RSUs vest. Your
                                         RSUs vest as provided in the chart above under    Vesting  ,  assuming
                                         you remain a member of the Board of Directors of the Company or an employee of the Company
                                         through each Vesting Date and subject to the terms in the Award Agreement.                                                                                                                                        

Once
                                         you have received the Shares, you will own them and may decide whether to hold the stock,
                                         sell the stock or give the stock to someone as a gift.                                                                                                                    

Additional
                                         details regarding your RSU award are provided in the Plan and the Award Agreement.                                                                                                                                                

You can access the Merrill
Lynch website, including updates and additional information at:  https://www29.benefits.ml.com/login/login.aspx . Please
email  EquityAdministration@hms.com  with any questions regarding the Merrill Lynch website.    

RESTRICTED
STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT   

   FOR
NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS   

HMS
Holdings Corp.   

   2016
Omnibus Incentive Plan   

HMS Holdings
Corp. (the    Company   ) has granted you, the individual named in the attached Restricted Stock Unit Award
Notice (the    Award Notice   ), restricted stock units (the    RSUs   ) under the
HMS Holdings Corp. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (as it may be amended from time to time) (the    Plan   ),
the terms of which are incorporated by reference herein in their entirety. Each RSU lets you receive a share (an    RSU
Share   ) of the Company s common stock (the    Shares   ) and is subject in all respects
to the applicable provisions of the Plan, the Award Notice and this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the    Award
Agreemen  t ). Any term used in this Award Agreement that is not specifically defined herein or in the Award Notice
shall have the meaning specified in the Plan.  

Please
refer to the attached Award Notice for individualized details regarding your RSU award, including the Date of Grant, the total
number of RSU Shares granted to you, and the schedule for Vesting and applicable vesting dates (the    Vesting Dates   ).  

The Plan document and the Prospectus
for the Plan are available on the Merrill Lynch website. The Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8, the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K, and other filings the Company makes with the Securities and Exchange Commission are available for
your review under the Investor Relations tab on the Company s web site ( http://investor.hms.com/financials.cfm ).
You may also obtain paper copies of these documents, without charge, upon request to the Company s Corporate Secretary,
5615 High Point Drive, Irving, Texas 75038, telephone: 972-916-2380.  

Neither the Company nor anyone
else is making any representations or promises regarding the duration of your service, vesting of the RSUs, the value of the Shares
or of these RSUs, or the Company's prospects. The Company is not providing any advice regarding tax consequences to you or your
decisions regarding the RSUs; you agree to rely only upon your own personal advisors.  

NO
ONE MAY SELL, TRANSFER, OR DISTRIBUTE THE RSUS OR THE SECURITIES THAT MAY BE RECEIVED UNDER THEM WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT RELATING THERETO OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY OR OTHER INFORMATION AND REPRESENTATIONS SATISFACTORY
TO IT THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.   

In addition
to the Plan s terms and restrictions, the following terms and restrictions apply:  

Vesting        Your
                                         RSUs become nonforfeitable (   Vested   ) as provided in the Award
                                         Notice,  Schedule  assuming that you remain a member of the Company s Board
                                         of Directors (the    Board   ) or an employee of the Company through
                                         each Vesting Date, as designated by the Compensation Committee (the    Committee   )
                                         of the Board.  

Unless otherwise determined by
                                                                                                                                            the Committee, if your service with the Board ends as a result of your disability, your RSUs will become fully vested. For
                                                                                                                                            this purpose    disability    means permanent and total disability as defined by Section 22(e)(3) of
                                                                                                                                            the Internal Revenue Code. Unless otherwise specified by the Committee, if your service ends as a result of your death, your
                                                                                                                                            RSUs will immediately vest in full upon your death.  

If your service ends as a result of
                                                                                                                                            Retirement, you will be treated as continuing in service for vesting purposes until the earlier to occur of (i) the
                                                                                                                                            second anniversary of your Retirement and (ii) the last of the applicable Vesting Dates.
                                                                                                                                               Retirement    for the purpose of this Award Agreement means cessation of service on or after
                                                                                                                                            attaining age 60 and completing five years of service with the Company.  

Change in  
Control         In the event
a Change in Control occurs, the RSUs will be treated as provided in Section 11 of the Plan if within 24 months following the Change in Control, your service ends on (i) a termination without Gross Misconduct or (ii) Retirement.  

Termination due  
to
Misconduct          If the Company
terminates your employment or service for Gross Misconduct, the RSUs will immediately terminate without regard to whether they are then Vested in whole or in part.    Gross
Misconduct    for purposes of this Award Agreement shall mean the occurrence of one of the following events: (A) your
conviction or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to any felony (or to a felony charge reduced to a misdemeanor), (B) theft or embezzlement
of assets of the Company or an Affiliate, or (C) violation of the terms of any non-competition, non-disclosure, confidentiality
or similar obligation or agreement with respect to the Company or any Affiliate to which the Plan participant is a party.  

Distribution Date         Subject to
any overriding provisions in the Plan, you will receive a distribution of the shares of common stock of the Company (   Shares   )
equivalent to your Vested RSU Shares as soon as practicable following the date(s) on which they become Vested (with the actual
date being the    Distribution Date   ) and, in any event, no later than 30 days following an applicable
Vesting Date, unless the Committee determines that you may make a timely deferral election to defer distribution to a later date
and you have made such an election (in which case the deferred date will be the    Distribution Date   ).  

Vesting that accelerates after
                                                                                                                                            a Change in Control will only accelerate the Distribution Date if and to the extent permitted under Section 409A of the
                                                                                                                                            Internal Revenue Code (   Section 409A   ).  

Restrictions and Forfeiture       You may not sell, assign,
pledge, encumber, or otherwise transfer any interest (   Transfer   )
in the RSUs or RSU Shares until the RSU Shares are distributed
to you. Any attempted Transfer that precedes the Distribution Date is invalid.  

Unless otherwise specified in
                                                                                                                                            your employment or separation agreement, this Award Agreement, or the Committee determines otherwise, if your employment or
                                                                                                                                            service with the Company terminates for any reason before your RSUs are Vested, then you will forfeit the unvested RSUs (and
                                                                                                                                            the Shares to which they relate) to the extent that the RSUs do not otherwise vest as a result of the termination in
                                                                                                                                            accordance with the rules in the  Vesting Schedule  section above. The forfeited RSUs will then immediately revert to
                                                                                                                                            the Company. You will receive no payment for the RSUs if you forfeit them.  

Taxes and Withholding         The RSUs provide
tax deferral, meaning that the RSU Shares are not taxable until you actually receive the RSU Shares on or around the Distribution Date. You will then owe taxes at ordinary income tax rates as of the Distribution Date at the Shares' value.  

The issuance of Shares under the
                                                                                                                                            RSUs is contingent on satisfaction of all obligations with respect to required tax or other required withholdings (for
                                                                                                                                            example, in the United States, any applicable Federal, state, and local taxes). The Company may take any action permitted
                                                                                                                                            under Section 14(c) of the Plan to satisfy such obligation, including, as permitted by the Committee, satisfying the tax
                                                                                                                                            obligations by (i) reducing the number of RSU Shares to be issued to you by that number of Shares (valued at their Fair
                                                                                                                                            Market Value on the date of distribution) that would equal all taxes required to be withheld (at their minimum withholding
                                                                                                                                            levels, except as otherwise permitted by the Committee or the Board), (ii) accepting payment of the withholdings directly
                                                                                                                                            from you or from a broker in connection with a sale of the RSU Shares, or (iii) taking any other action under Section
                                                                                                                                            14(c) of the Plan.  

Compliance  
with
Law       The Company will not issue
the RSU Shares if doing so would violate any applicable Federal or state securities laws or other laws or regulations. You may not sell or otherwise dispose of
the RSU Shares in violation of applicable law.  

Additional Conditions  
to Receipt       The Company may postpone
issuing and delivering any RSU Shares for so long as the Company determines to be advisable to satisfy the following:  

its completing or amending
any securities registration or qualification of the RSU Shares  or  its or your satisfying any exemption from registration
under any Federal or state law, rule, or regulation;  

its receiving proof
it considers satisfactory that a person seeking to receive the RSU Shares after your death is entitled to do so;  

your complying with
any requests for representations under the Plan; and/or  

your complying with
any Federal, state, or local tax withholding obligations.  

Additional
Representations from
You       If the vesting provisions of the RSUs
                                               are satisfied and you are entitled to receive RSU Shares at a time when the Company does not have a current registration statement (generally on Form S-8) under the Securities Act of 1933 (the    Act   ) that covers
issuances of shares to you, you must comply with the following before the Company will issue the RSU Shares to you. You must    

represent to the Company,
in a manner satisfactory to the Company s counsel, that you are acquiring the RSU Shares for your own account and not with
a view to reselling or distributing the RSU Shares; and  

agree that you will
not sell, transfer, or otherwise dispose of the RSU Shares unless:  

a registration statement
under the Act is effective at the time of disposition with respect to the RSU Shares you propose to sell, transfer, or otherwise
dispose of; or  

the Company has received
an opinion of counsel or other information and representations it considers satisfactory to the effect that, because of Rule 144
under the Act or otherwise, no registration under the Act is required.  

No Effect on Employment
or Other Relationship         Nothing in this Award Agreement
                                                 restricts the Company s rights or those of any of its Affiliates to terminate your employment or other relationship at
                                                 any time and for any or no reason. The termination of employment or other relationship, whether
by the Company or any of its Affiliates or otherwise, and regardless of the reason for such termination, has the consequences
provided for under the Plan and any applicable employment or severance agreement or plan.  

Limited Status         You understand
and agree that the Company will not consider you a shareholder for any purpose with respect to the RSU Shares, unless and until
the RSU Shares have been issued to you on the Distribution Date. You will not receive dividends with respect to the RSUs, but
the Company will credit additional whole or fractional RSUs to this grant equal to the result of dividing (i) the product of the
total number of RSUs credited to you under this grant on the record date for such dividend (and not yet distributed in Shares)
and the per share amount of such dividend by (ii) the Fair Market Value of one Share on the date such dividend is paid by the
Company to shareholders. The additional RSUs will be or become Vested to the same extent as the RSUs that resulted in the crediting
of such additional units and may be paid out in cash or Shares under the timing rules provided in Section 8(e) of the Plan.  

Voting       You may not vote the RSUs.
You may not vote the RSU Shares unless and until the Shares are distributed to you or for your account.  

No Effect on Running
Business         You understand
and agree that the existence of the RSUs will not affect in any way the right or power of the Company or its shareholders to make or authorize any adjustments, recapitalizations,
reorganizations, or other changes in the Company s capital structure or its business, or any merger or consolidation of
the Company, or any issuance of bonds, debentures, preferred or other stock, with preference ahead of or convertible into, or
otherwise affecting the Shares or the rights thereof, or the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or any sale or transfer
of all or any part of its assets or business, or any other corporate act or proceeding, whether or not of a similar character
to those described above.  

Section 409A         The RSUs are
intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A and  must
be construed consistently with that section. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or this Award Agreement to the contrary, if
the RSUs Vest in connection with your  separation from service  within the meaning of Section 409A, as determined
by the Company, and if (x) you are then a  specified employee  within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of such
separation from service (as determined by the Company, by which determination you agree you are bound) and (y) the distribution
of RSU Shares under such RSUs will result in the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A if distributed to you within
the six month period following your separation from service, then the distribution under such accelerated RSUs will not be made
until the earlier of (i) the date six months and one day following the date of your separation from service or (ii) the 10th
day after your date of death. Neither the Company nor you shall have the right to accelerate or defer the delivery of any such
RSU Shares or benefits except to the extent specifically permitted or required by Section 409A. In no event may the Company or
you defer the delivery of the RSU Shares beyond the date specified in the  Distribution Date  section, unless such deferral
complies in all respects with Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b) related to subsequent changes in the time or form of payment
of nonqualified deferred compensation arrangements, or any successor regulation.  In any event, the Company makes no representations
or warranty and shall have no liability to you or any other person, if any provisions of or distributions under this Award Agreement
are determined to constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A but not to satisfy the conditions of that section.    

Unsecured Creditor       The RSUs create a contractual
obligation on the part of the Company to make a distribution of the RSU Shares at the time provided for in this Award Agreement. Neither you nor any other party claiming an interest in deferred compensation hereunder shall have any interest whatsoever in any specific assets of the Company. Your right to receive distributions hereunder is that of an unsecured general creditor of Company.  

Governing Law         The laws of
the State of Delaware will govern all matters relating to the RSUs without regard to the principles of conflict of laws.  

Clawbacks       The Committee may cancel
these RSUs if you have engaged in or are engaging in activity that is in conflict with or adverse to the interest of the Company
while employed by or providing services to the Company or any subsidiary, including fraud or conduct contributing to any financial
restatements or irregularities. The Committee may cause you to forfeit any compensation, gain or other value realized thereafter
on the vesting or settlement of these RSUs or the sale of Shares acquired in respect of the RSUs, and must promptly repay such
amounts to the Company. You agree that the Committee may require you to promptly repay to the Company any amount in excess of
what you should have received under the terms of the RSUs for any reason (including without limitation by reason of a financial
restatement, mistake in calculations or other administrative error). Furthermore, to the extent required by applicable law (including,
without limitation, Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act) and/or the rules and regulations of NASDAQ or any other securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation service on which the
Shares are listed or quoted, or if so required pursuant to a written policy adopted by the Company, these RSUs shall be subject
(including on a retroactive basis) to clawback, forfeiture or similar requirements.  

Notices       Unless the Company specifies
another method of transmitting notice, any notice to the Company under this Award Agreement must be sent in writing, by hand or
by mail, to the office of the Company s Corporate Secretary at the Company s then corporate headquarters. The Company
will address any notices to you using its standard electronic communications methods, or to your current office or home address,
as reflected in the Company s personnel or other business records. You and the Company may change the address for notice
by like notice to the other, and the Company may also change the address for notice by general announcements to the Plan participants.  

Amendment       The Committee may amend the
RSUs without your consent provided that it concludes such amendment is not materially adverse to you, is required for compliance
with Section 409A, or is permitted under Section 12 of the Plan.  

Plan Governs         Wherever
a conflict may arise between the terms of this Award Agreement and the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control.
The Committee may adjust the number of RSU Shares and other terms of the RSUs from time to time.  

Electronic Execution of  
Award
Agreement       You, by your electronic execution of
                                                     this Award Agreement, agree to the terms and conditions contained herein and further agree to execute any documents requested by the Company required to effect to effect the conversion of the RSUs into Shares.  

Page
7  

</EX-10.4>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 exh_311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

  Certification  

I, William C. Lucia, certify that: 

1.     I have reviewed this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of HMS Holdings Corp.; 

2.     Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

3.     Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.     The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for
the registrant and have: 

(a)     Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)     Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)     Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d)     Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.     The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)     All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)     Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date:     November 9, 2016  
      /s/ WILLIAM C. LUCIA   

William C. Lucia   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 exh_312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

  Certification  

I, Jeffrey S. Sherman, certify that: 

1.     I have reviewed this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of HMS Holdings Corp.; 

2.     Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

3.     Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.     The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for
the registrant and have: 

(a)     Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)     Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)     Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d)     Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.     The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)     All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)     Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date:     November 9, 2016  
      /s/ JEFFREY S. SHERMAN   

Jeffrey S. Sherman   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 exh_321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

Certification Pursuant To 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 As
Adopted Pursuant To Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of HMS Holdings Corp. (the   Company  ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the   Report  ), I, William C. Lucia, Chief Executive Officer of
the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that: 

(1)     the Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)     the information contained in the
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ WILLIAM C. LUCIA   

William C. Lucia   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

November 9, 2016   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 exh_322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

Certification Pursuant To 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 As
Adopted Pursuant To Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of HMS Holdings Corp. (the   Company  ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the   Report  ), I, Jeffrey S. Sherman, Chief Financial Officer of
the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that: 

(1)     the Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)     the information contained in the
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ JEFFREY S. SHERMAN   

Jeffrey S. Sherman   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

November 9, 2016   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 11
 hmsy-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 hmsy-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 hmsy-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 hmsy-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 hmsy-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 hmsy-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

