<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1410098_0001654954-16-003696_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3076462</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>139863</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>188174</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>983597</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1073414</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>623108</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>17</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001654954-16-003696.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109161634
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001654954-16-003696
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		38
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CorMedix Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001410098
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34673
		FILM NUMBER:		161984450

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1430 HIGHWAY 206
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			BEDMINSTER
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07921
		BUSINESS PHONE:		908-517-9500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1430 HIGHWAY 206
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			BEDMINSTER
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07921

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001654954-16-003696.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 crmd_10q.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

Blueprint 

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM
10-Q 

(Mark
One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES 
 EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934 

For the
quarterly period ended  September 30, 2016  

TRANSITION REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES 
 EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934 

For the
transition period from ________ to ________ 

Commission file
number  001-34673  

CORMEDIX INC. 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

Delaware 

20-5894890 

(State
or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or
Organization) 

(I.R.S.
Employer Identification No.) 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to
be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes
  No   

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted
on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File
required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit and post such files). Yes   No

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check
one): 

Large accelerated filer      

Accelerated filer    

Non-accelerated filer      

Smaller reporting company      

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)     

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes   No   

The
number of shares outstanding of the issuer s common stock, as
of November 4, 2016 was 40,425,739. 

CORMEDIX
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

INDEX 

PART I    FINANCIAL INFORMATION     

2 

Item
1. 

Unaudited
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

2 

Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015 

2 

Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for
the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 

3 

Condensed
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders  Equity for
the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 

4 

Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 

5 

Notes
to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

6 

Item
2. 

Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations 

21 

Item
3. 

Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 

32 

Item
4. 

Controls
and Procedures 

32 

PART II    OTHER INFORMATION     

33 

Item
1. 

Legal
Procedings 

33 

Item
6. 

Exhibits 

35 

SIGNATURES     

36 

1 

PART I 

FINANCIAL
INFORMATION 

Item 1.  

  Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

CORMEDIX
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(Unaudited) 

See
Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

2 

CORMEDIX
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

AND
COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

(Unaudited) 

See
Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

3 

CORMEDIX
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY    

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN 

STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

For
the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 

(Unaudited) 

See
Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

4 

CORMEDIX
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY    

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(Unaudited) 

See
Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

5 

CORMEDIX
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

Note
1   Organization, Business and Basis of
Presentation: 

Organization and Business 

CorMedix Inc.
( CorMedix  or the  Company ) is a
biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing
therapeutic products for the prevention and treatment of infectious
and inflammatory diseases. The Company was incorporated in the
State of Delaware on July 28, 2006. In 2013, the Company formed a
wholly-owned subsidiary, CorMedix Europe GmbH. 

The
Company s primary focus is on the development of its lead
product candidate, Neutrolin    (also known as
CRMD003), for potential commercialization in the United States and
other key markets. The Company has in-licensed the worldwide rights
to develop and commercialize Neutrolin   . Neutrolin is a
novel anti-infective solution for the reduction and prevention of
catheter-related infections and thrombosis in patients requiring
central venous catheters in clinical settings such as dialysis,
critical/intensive care, and oncology. Infection and thrombosis
represent key complications among critical care / intensive care
and cancer patients with central venous catheters. These
complications can lead to treatment delays and increased costs to
the healthcare system when they occur due to hospitalizations, need
for IV antibiotic treatment, long-term anticoagulation therapy,
removal/replacement of the central venous catheter, related
treatment costs and increased mortality. 

The
United States Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, has designated
Neutrolin as a Qualified Infectious Disease Product (QIDP) for
prevention of catheter related blood stream infections in patients
with end stage renal disease receiving hemodialysis through a
central venous catheter. Catheter-related blood stream infections
and clotting can be life-threatening. The QIDP designation provides
an additional five years of market exclusivity in addition to the
five years granted for a New Chemical Entity. In addition, in
January 2015, the FDA granted Fast Track designation to Neutrolin
Catheter Lock Solution, pursuant to the Food and Drug
Administration Safety Innovation Act (FDASIA) highlighting the
large unmet need to prevent infections in the U.S. healthcare
system. The Fast Track designation of Neutrolin provides the
Company with the opportunity to meet with the FDA on a more
frequent basis during the development process, and also provides
eligibility to request priority review of the marketing
application. 

In late
2013, the Company met with the FDA to determine the pathway for
U.S. marketing approval of Neutrolin. Based on those discussions,
the Company plans to conduct two pivotal trials to demonstrate the
safety and effectiveness of Neutrolin to secure marketing approval.
The Company initiated one Phase 3 clinical trial in hemodialysis
patients with a central venous catheter in December 2015 and plans
to initiate one Phase 3 clinical trial in oncology patients with
catheters. 

The
Company launched its Phase 3 clinical trial in hemodialysis
catheters in the U.S. in December 2015. The clinical trial, named
Catheter Lock Solution Investigational Trial, or LOCK-IT-100, is a
prospective, multicenter, randomized, double-blind,
placebo-controlled, active control trial which aims to demonstrate
the efficacy and safety of Neutrolin in preventing catheter-related
bloodstream infections, or CRBSI, in subjects receiving
hemodialysis therapy as treatment for end stage renal disease.
 The primary endpoint for the trial is
time to CRBSI. The trial will evaluate whether Neutrolin is
superior to the active control heparin by documenting
the incidence of CRBSI and the time until the occurrence
of CRBSI. Key secondary endpoints are catheter patency which is
defined as required use of tissue plasminogen activating factor
(tPA) or removal of catheter due to dysfunction and catheter
removal for any reason.  

The Company  plans also include conducting a
Phase 3 clinical trial in oncology patients with catheters, or
LOCK-IT-200. The Company is in discussion with the FDA to develop
the design of the trial. Such plans are also subject to funding
requirements (see Note 2). 

The
Company received CE Mark approval for Neutrolin in 2013 and began
the commercial launch of Neutrolin in Germany for the prevention of
catheter-related bloodstream infections and maintenance of catheter
patency in hemodialysis patients using a tunneled, cuffed central
venous catheter for vascular access. To date, Neutrolin is
registered and may be sold in certain European Union and Middle
Eastern countries for such treatment. 

In
September 2014, the TUV-SUD and The Medicines Evaluation Board of
the Netherlands granted a label expansion for Neutrolin for
expanded indications for the European Union ( EU ). In
December 2014, the Company received approval from the Hessian
District President in Germany to expand the label to include use in
oncology patients receiving chemotherapy, IV hydration and IV
medications via central venous catheters. The expansion also adds
patients receiving medication and IV fluids via central venous
catheters in intensive or critical care units (cardiac care unit,
surgical care unit, neonatal critical care unit, and urgent care
centers). An indication for use in total parenteral, or IV,
nutrition was also approved. 

6 

CORMEDIX
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

Basis of Presentation 

The
accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America
( GAAP ) for interim financial information and with the
instructions for Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X.
Accordingly, the unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements do not include all information and footnotes required by
GAAP for complete annual financial statements. In the opinion of
management, the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements reflect all adjustments, consisting of normal
recurring adjustments, considered necessary for a fair presentation
of such interim results. Interim operating results are not
necessarily indicative of results that may be expected for the full
year ending December 31, 2016 or for any subsequent period. These
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be
read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes
thereto of the Company which are included in the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission ( SEC ) on March 15, 2016. The accompanying
condensed balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 has been derived
from the audited financial statements included in such Form
10-K. 

Note
2   Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies: 

Liquidity and Going Concern 

The
Company s operations are subject to a number of factors that
can affect its operating results and financial condition. Such
factors include, but are not limited to: the results of clinical
testing and trial activities of the Company s product
candidates; the ability to obtain regulatory approval to market the
Company s products; ability to manufacture successfully;
competition from products manufactured and sold or being developed
by other companies; the price of, and demand for, Company products;
the Company s ability to negotiate favorable licensing or
other manufacturing and marketing agreements for its products; and
the Company s ability to raise capital to support its
operations. 

To
date, the Company s commercial operations have not generated
enough revenues to enable profitability. As of September 30, 2016,
the Company had an accumulated deficit of $112.6 million, and
incurred losses from operations of $18.2 million and $9.1 million
for the nine and three months then ended, respectively. Based on
the current development plans for Neutrolin in both the U.S. and
foreign markets (including the ongoing hemodialysis Phase 3
clinical trial in the U.S.) and the Company s other operating
requirements, management believes that the existing cash at
September 30, 2016 will not be sufficient to fund operations for at
least the next twelve months following the balance sheet date.
Additionally, the Company will need additional funding to complete
the hemodialysis clinical trial in the U.S. which commenced in
December 2015 as well as to initiate the planned Phase 3 clinical
trial in oncology patients with catheters. 

At
September 30, 2016, the Company had $4.1 million available under
its current at-the-market program. In August 2016, the Company
entered into a new sales agreement with the same bank to allow the
Company to sell up to $40 million of shares of its common stock.
The Company will not and cannot access the ATM program under the
new sales agreement unless and until (i) the Company and Elliott
Associates, L.P. ("Elliot") agree as to the exercise or waiver of
Elliott's participation rights in the new ATM program, which rights
were granted in a Consent and Exchange Agreement dated September
15, 2014, and apply to any equity financing we undertake until
September 15, 2017, and (ii) the registration statement that
includes the prospectus for the new ATM program that the Company
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is declared
effective. At such time, the Company will be able to access the new
ATM program and will terminate the current ATM program and the
related Sales Agreement. There is no assurance that conditions will
allow the Company to raise additional funds available under its
at-the-market program. 

The
Company s continued operations will ultimately depend on its
ability to raise additional capital through various potential
sources, such as equity and/or debt financings, strategic
relationships, or out-licensing of its products in order to
complete its ongoing and planned Phase 3 clinical trials and until
it achieves profitability, if ever. The Company can provide no
assurances that such financing or strategic relationships will be
available on acceptable terms, or at all. Without this funding, the
Company could be required to delay, scale back or eliminate some or
all of its research and development programs which would likely
have a material adverse effect on the Company s
business. 

7 

CORMEDIX
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

Use of Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the
reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates. 

Basis of Consolidation 

The
condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
the Company and CorMedix Europe GmbH, its wholly owned subsidiary.
All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been
eliminated in consolidation. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations
of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents.
The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents in bank
deposits and other interest bearing accounts, the balances of which
exceed federally insured limits. 

Short-Term Investments 

The
Company determines the appropriate classification of marketable
securities at the time of purchase and reevaluates such designation
as of each balance sheet date. Investments in marketable debt and
equity securities classified as available-for-sale are reported at
fair value. Fair values of the Company s investments are
determined using quoted market prices in active markets for
identical assets or liabilities or quoted prices for similar assets
or liabilities or other inputs that are observable or can be
corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full
term of the assets or liabilities. Changes in fair value that are
considered temporary are reported net of tax in other comprehensive
income (loss). Realized gains and losses, amortization of premiums
and discounts and interest and dividends earned are included in
income (expense) on the condensed consolidated statements of
operations and comprehensive income (loss). The cost of investments
for purposes of computing realized and unrealized gains and losses
is based on the specific identification method. 

For
declines in the fair value of equity securities that are considered
other-than-temporary, impairment losses are charged to other
(income) expense, net. The Company considers available evidence in
evaluating potential impairments of its investments, including the
duration and extent to which fair value is less than cost. There
were no deemed permanent impairments at September 30,
2016. 

The
Company s marketable securities are highly liquid and consist
of U.S. government agency securities, high-grade corporate
obligations and commercial paper with original maturities of more
than 90 days. As of September 30, 2016, all of the Company s
investments had contractual maturities which were less than one
year. The following table summarizes the amortized cost, unrealized
gains and losses and the fair value at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 of the Company s financial assets that are
measured on a recurring basis: 

8 

CORMEDIX
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

Fair Value Measurements 

The
Company s financial instruments recorded in the consolidated
balance sheets include cash and cash equivalents, accounts
receivable, investment securities, accounts payable and accrued
expenses.  The carrying value of certain financial
instruments, primarily cash and cash equivalents, accounts
receivable, accounts payable, and accrued expenses approximate
their estimated fair values based upon the short-term nature of
their maturity dates.  

The
Company categorizes its financial instruments into a three-level
fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation
techniques used to measure fair value. The fair value hierarchy
gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for
identical assets (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable
inputs (Level 3). If the inputs used to measure fair value fall
within different levels of the hierarchy, the category level is
based on the lowest priority level input that is significant to the
fair value measurement of the instrument. Financial assets recorded
at fair value on the Company s condensed consolidated balance
sheets are categorized as follows: 

Level 1
inputs Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices
(unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active
markets. 

Level 2
inputs  Significant other observable inputs (e.g., quoted
prices for similar items in active markets, quoted prices for
identical or similar items in markets that are not active, inputs
other than quoted prices that are observable such as interest rate
and yield curves, and market-corroborated inputs). 

Level 3
inputs Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, which
are supported by little or no market activity and are   valued based on management s
estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in
pricing the asset or liability. 

The
following table provides the carrying value and fair value of the
Company s financial assets measured at fair value on a
recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015: 

9 

CORMEDIX
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

Foreign Currency Translation and Transactions 

The
condensed consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S.
Dollars ( USD ), the reporting currency of the Company.
For the financial statements of the Company s foreign
subsidiary, whose functional currency is the EURO, foreign currency
asset and liability amounts, are translated into USD at
end-of-period exchange rates. Foreign currency income and expenses
are translated at average exchange rates in effect during the
period in which the income and expenses were recognized.
Translation gains and losses are included in other comprehensive
income (loss). 

The
Company has intercompany loans between the parent company based in
New Jersey and its German subsidiary. The intercompany loans
outstanding are not expected to be repaid in the foreseeable future
and unrealized foreign exchange movements related to long-term
intercompany loans are recognized in other comprehensive
income. 

Foreign
currency exchange transaction gain (loss) is the result of
re-measuring transactions denominated in a currency other than the
functional currency of the entity recording the
transaction. 

Restricted Cash 

As of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company s
restricted cash is in connection with the patent and utility model
infringement proceedings against TauroPharm (see Note 5). The
Company was required by the District Court Mannheim to provide a
security deposit of approximately $132,000 to cover legal fees in
the event TauroPharm is entitled to reimbursement of these
costs.  The Company furthermore had to provide a deposit in
the amount of $40,000 in connection with the unfair competition
proceedings in Cologne. 

Prepaid Research and Development and Other Prepaid
Expenses 

Prepaid
expenses consist of payments made in advance to vendors relating to
service contracts for clinical trial development, manufacturing,
preclinical development and insurance policies. These advanced
payments are amortized to expense either as services are performed
or over the relevant service period using the straight-line
method. 

Inventories, net 

Inventories are
valued at the lower of cost or market on a first in, first out
basis. Inventories consist of raw materials (including labeling and
packaging), work-in-process, and finished goods for the Neutrolin
product. Inventories consist of the following: 

10 

CORMEDIX
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

Accrued Expenses 

Accrued
expenses consist of the following: 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with
SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin ( SAB ) Topic 13, 
 Revenue
Recognition   ( Topic
13 ), and Financial Accounting Standard Board
( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification
( ASC ) 605,   Revenue Recognition 
 ( ASC
605 )  .        This guidance requires that revenue is recognized
from product sales when the following four revenue recognition
criteria are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists,
delivery has occurred, the selling price is fixed or determinable,
and collectability is reasonably assured. The Company recognizes
net sales upon shipment of product to the dialysis
centers.  

11 

CORMEDIX
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

Deferred Revenue 

In
October 2015, the Company shipped product with less than 75% of its
remaining shelf life to an international distributor and issued a
guarantee that the specific product shipped would be replaced by
the Company if the customer was not able to sell the product before
it expired. As a result of this warranty, the Company may have an
additional performance obligation (i.e. accept returned product and
deliver new product to the customer) if the customer is unable to
sell such product. Due to limited sales experience with the
customer, the Company is unable to estimate the amount of the
warranty obligation that may be incurred as a result of this
shipment. Therefore, the Company has deferred the revenue and
related cost of sales associated with the shipment of this product.
Since the Company will be unable to resell the expired product if
returned by the customer, the deferred revenue and related cost of
sales is presented net as Deferred Revenue on the condensed
consolidated balance sheet which amounted to approximately $122,000
and $121,000 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively. During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the
Company recognized $2,400 of revenue net of related cost of sales
for this shipment.  Additionally, the
change in the exchange rate resulted in an increase in the Deferred
Revenue balance of $3,000 during the quarter ended September 30,
2106.  

In August 2014, the Company entered into an
exclusive distribution agreement (the  Wonik
Agreement ) with Wonik Corporation, a South Korean company,
to market, sell and distribute Neutrolin for hemodialysis and
oncolytic patients upon receipt of regulatory approval in Korea.
Upon execution of the Wonik Agreement, Wonik paid the Company a
non-refundable $50,000 payment and will  pay an additional
$50,000 upon receipt of the product registration necessary to sell
Neutrolin in the Republic of Korea  (the  Territory ). The term of the
Wonik Agreement commenced on August 8, 2014 and will continue for
three years after the first commercial sale of Neutrolin in the
Territory. The non-refundable up-front payment has been recorded as
deferred revenue and will be recognized as revenue on a
straight-line basis over the contractual term of the Agreement. The
Company recognized $2,200 revenue related to the Wonik agreement
for each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.
Deferred revenue short-term balance at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 amounted to approximately $9,000 for each period
and deferred revenue long-term balances at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 amounted to approximately $22,000 and $29,000,
respectively.  

Loss per common share 

Basic
loss per common share excludes any potential dilution and is
computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of
common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per
common share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if
securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised
or converted into common stock or resulted in the issuance of
common stock that then shared in the earnings of the entity.
However, since their effect is anti-dilutive, the Company has
excluded potentially dilutive shares. The following potentially
dilutive shares have been excluded from the calculation of diluted
net loss per share as their effect would be
anti-dilutive. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

The
Company accounts for stock options granted to employees, officers
and directors according to ASC No. 718,   Compensation   Stock
Compensation   ( ASC 718 ). 
Share-based compensation cost is measured at grant date, based on
the estimated fair value of the award using a Black-Scholes option
pricing model for options with service or performance based
conditions and a Monte Carlo option pricing model for options with
market vesting conditions. Stock-based compensation cost is
recognized as expense net of expected forfeitures, over the
employee s requisite service period on a straight-line
basis. 

12 

CORMEDIX
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

The
Company accounts for stock options granted to non-employees on a
fair value basis using the Black-Scholes option pricing model in
accordance with ASC 718 and ASC No. 505-50,   Equity-Based Payments to
Non-Employees   ( ASC 505 ).  The
non-cash charge to operations for non-employee options with time
based vesting provisions is based on the fair value of the options
remeasured each reporting period and amortized to expense over the
related vesting period. The non-cash charge to operations for
non-employee options with performance based vesting provisions is
recorded when the achievement of the performance condition is
probable and remeasured each reporting period until the performance
condition is achieved. 

Stock
compensation expense is recognized by applying the expected
forfeiture rate during the vesting period to the fair value of the
award.  The estimation of the number of stock awards that will
ultimately vest requires judgment, and to the extent actual results
or updated estimates differ from the Company s current
estimates, compensation expense may need to be
revised.  The Company considers many factors when
estimating expected forfeitures for stock awards granted to
employees, officers and directors, including types of awards,
employee class, and an analysis of historical
forfeitures.  

Research and Development 

Research and
development costs are charged to expense as incurred. Research and
development includes fees associated with operational consultants,
contract clinical research organizations, contract manufacturing
organizations, clinical site fees, contract laboratory research
organizations, contract central testing laboratories, licensing
activities, and allocated executive, human resources and facilities
expenses. The Company accrues for costs incurred as the services
are being provided by monitoring the status of the trial and the
invoices received from its external service providers. Costs
related to the acquisition of technology rights and patents for
which development work is still in process are charged to
operations as incurred and considered a component of research and
development expense. 

Note
3   Stockholders  Equity: 

Common Stock 

The
Company has entered into an At-the-Market Issuance Sales Agreement
(the  Sales Agreement ) with MLV   Co. LLC, now a
subsidiary of FBR   Co. ( MLV ), under which the
Company may issue and sell up to $40.0 million of shares of its
common stock from time to time through MLV acting as agent, subject
to limitations imposed by the Company, such as the number or dollar
amount of shares registered under the registration statement to
which the offering relates. When the Company wishes to issue and
sell common stock under the Sales Agreement, it notifies MLV of the
number of shares to be issued, the dates on which such sales are
anticipated to be made, any minimum price below which sales may not
be made and other sales parameters as the Company deems
appropriate. MLV is entitled to a commission of up to 3% of the
gross proceeds from the sale of common stock sold under the Sales
Agreement. The shares of common stock to be sold under the Sales
Agreement are registered under an effective registration statement
filed with the SEC. At September 30, 2016, approximately $4.1
million is available for sale under this Sales Agreement. During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company issued
3,353,437 shares of common stock under the Sales Agreement and
realized net proceeds of approximately $6.2 million. 

In
August 2016, the Company entered into a new At Market Issuance
Sales Agreement with FBR Capital Markets   Co.
( FBR ), the successor in interest to MLV, which is
identical in terms to the Sales Agreement for the Company s
current ATM program and allows the Company to sell up to $40
million of shares of its common stock. The Company will not and
cannot access the ATM program under the new sales agreement unless
and until     (i) the Company and
Elliott Associates, L.P. ("Elliot") agree as to the exercise or
waiver of Elliott's participation rights in the new ATM program,
which rights were granted in a Consent and Exchange Agreement dated
September 15, 2014, and apply to any equity financing we undertake
until September 15, 2017, and (ii)  the registration
statement that includes the prospectus for the new ATM program that
the Company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is
declared effective. At that time, the Company will be able to
access the new ATM program and will terminate the current ATM
program and the related Sales Agreement. 

During the nine months ended September 30,
2016,  the Company issued a total of 1,067,500 shares of
common stock upon exercise of stock options resulting in gross
proceeds of $849,501 to the Company. 

13 

CORMEDIX
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

During the nine months ended September 30,
2016,  the Company issued 21,454 shares of its common stock
upon a cashless exercise of 25,000 warrants. 

Stock Options 

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company granted
ten-year non-qualified stock options under the 2013 Stock Incentive
Plan (the  2013 Plan ) covering an aggregate of
2,891,000 shares of the Company s common stock to its
officers, directors, employees and consultants. Of these options,
1,850,000 were granted on September 30, 2016 to the Company s
new CEO in connection with his employment. 1,250,000 of the options
will vest in four equal annual installments on the first four
anniversaries of the grant date. Of the remaining options, 300,000,
split into three equal tranches, become exercisable upon the
achievement of specified performance milestones, provided that
these options will be forfeited if the milestones are not achieved
within four years of grant date and provided further that these
options will not vest before December 18, 2018. The remaining
300,000 options become exercisable upon the achievement of a
specified average closing stock price, provided that these options
will not vest before December 31, 2018 and if the closing price per
share of the Company s common stock is below the specified
average closing stock price on December 31, 2018, the options will
be forfeited. In each case, the new CEO must be an employee of the
Company or consultant to the Company on the applicable vesting
date. The total fair value of the 1,850,000 stock options issued to
the Company s CEO on the date of grant was $3,186,450 which
will be amortized to expense over the related vesting periods
beginning in the fourth quarter of 2016. 

During
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, total
compensation expense for stock options issued to employees,
directors, officers and consultants was $192,685 and $920,864,
respectively, and $921,153 and $2,908,855 for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

The
fair value of the grants issued subject to service and performance
based vesting conditions was determined using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model with the following assumptions: 

The
Company estimated the expected term of the stock options granted to
employees based on anticipated exercises in future periods. The
expected term of the stock options granted to consultants is based
upon the full term of the respective option agreements. The
expected stock price volatility for the Company s stock
options is calculated based on the historical volatility since the
initial public offering of the Company s common stock in
March 2010, weighted pre and post CE Mark approval in the European
Union. The expected dividend yield of 0.0% reflects the
Company s current and expected future policy for dividends on
the Company s common stock. To determine the risk-free
interest rate, the Company utilized the U.S. Treasury yield curve
in effect at the time of grant with a term consistent with the
expected term of the Company s awards. 

The
fair value of the grant issued, subject to a market based vesting
condition, was determined using the Monte Carlo option pricing
model which values financial instruments whose value is dependent
on share price by sampling random paths for share price. The key
inputs for the simulation included the closing stock price of the
Company on the date of grant, the expected term of the stock
options granted was based on anticipated exercises in future
periods, the expected stock price volatility for the
Company s stock options was calculated based on the
historical volatility since the initial public offering of the
Company s common stock in March 2010, weighted pre and post
CE Mark, the expected dividend yield of 0.0% reflects the
Company s current and expected future policy for dividends on
the Company s common stock and the risk-free interest rate
which was determined by utilizing the U.S. Treasury yield curve in
effect at the time of grant with a term consistent with the
expected term of the Company s awards. The table below
summarizes the key inputs used in the Monte Carlo
simulation: 

14 

CORMEDIX
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

Expected
Term 

5
years 

Volatility 

97% 

Dividend
yield 

0.0% 

Risk-free interest
rate 

1.13 % 

Weighted-average
fair value of options granted during the period 

$
1.12 

A
summary of the Company s stock option activity and related
information for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is as
follows: 

Weighted average
remaining contractual life of stock options outstanding
(years) 

8.5    

Weighted average
remaining contractual life of stock options exercisable
(years) 

6.7    

Weighted average
vesting period over which total compensation expense related to
non-vested options not yet recognized (years) 

2.4    

Compensation
expense related to non-vested options not yet
recognized 

$  4,023,733    

Aggregate intrinsic
value of stock options exercised 

$  1,466,589    

Aggregate intrinsic
value of stock options outstanding 

$  2,124,291    

The
aggregate intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between
the exercise prices of the underlying options and the quoted
closing price of the common stock of the Company at the end of the
reporting period for those options that have an exercise price
below the quoted closing price. 

Warrants 

The
following table is the summary of warrant activity for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016: 

15 

CORMEDIX
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

Note
4   Related Party Transactions: 

On
March 3, 2015, the Company entered into a backstop agreement with
an existing institutional investor, Manchester Securities Corp., a
wholly owned subsidiary of Elliott Associates, L.P., and a
beneficial holder of more than 5% of the Company s
outstanding common stock. Pursuant to the backstop agreement,
Manchester had agreed to lend the Company, at its request, up to
$4,500,000 less the dollar amount of gross proceeds received by the
Company upon the exercise of warrants to purchase common stock
issued in connection with its initial public offering, or IPO, on
or before April 30, 2015, provided that the loan could not exceed
$3,000,000.  As a result of the backstop agreement, in
March 2015, the Company issued five-year warrants exercisable for
an aggregate of up to 283,400 common shares with an exercise price
of $7.00 per share and recorded an expense of $1,583,000 for the
value of these warrants. The backstop agreement was not
accessed.  Pursuant to the backstop agreement, the Company
granted Manchester the right for as long as it or its affiliates
hold any of the Company s common stock or securities
convertible into its common stock to appoint up to two members to
the Company s board of directors and/or to have up to two
observers attend board meetings in a non-voting capacity.
Manchester appointed one director in August 2015 and appointed
another director in April 2016. 

Note
5   Commitments and Contingencies: 

Contingency Matters 

On
September 9, 2014, the Company filed in the District Court of
Mannheim, Germany a patent infringement action against TauroPharm
GmbH and Tauro-Implant GmbH as well as their respective CEOs (the
 Defendants ) claiming infringement of the
Company s European Patent EP 1 814 562 B1, which was granted
by the European Patent Office (the  EPO ) on January 8,
2014 (the  Prosl European Patent ).  The Prosl
European Patent covers a low dose heparin catheter lock solution
for maintaining patency and preventing infection in a hemodialysis
catheter.  In this action, the Company claims that the
Defendants infringe on the Prosl European Patent by manufacturing
and distributing catheter locking solutions to the extent they are
covered by the claims of the Prosl European Patent.  The
Company believes that its patent is sound, and is seeking
injunctive relief and raising claims for information, rendering of
accounts, calling back, destruction and damages. Separately,
TauroPharm has filed an opposition with the EPO against the Prosl
European Patent alleging that it lacks novelty and inventive
step.  The Company cannot predict what other defenses the
Defendants may raise, or the ultimate outcome of either of these
related matters. 

In the
same complaint against the same Defendants, the Company also
alleged an infringement (requesting the same remedies) of
NDP s utility model DE 20 2005 022 124 U1 (the  Utility
Model ), which the Company believes is fundamentally
identical to the Prosl European Patent in its main aspects and
claims. The Court separated the two proceedings and the Prosl
European Patent and the Utility Model claims are now being tried
separately. TauroPharm has filed a cancellation action against the
Utility Model before the German Patent and Trademark Office (the
 German PTO ) based on the similar arguments as those
in the opposition against the Prosl European Patent. 

On
March 27, 2015, the District Court held a hearing to evaluate
whether the Utility Model has been infringed by TauroPharm in
connection with the manufacture, sale and distribution of its
TauroLock-HEP100 TM  and
TauroLock-HEP500 TM  products. A hearing
before the same court was held on January 30, 2015 on the separate,
but related, question of infringement of the Prosl European Patent
by TauroPharm. 

The
Court issued its decisions on May 8, 2015, staying both
proceedings. In its decisions, the Court found that the
commercialization by TauroPharm in Germany of its TauroLock
catheter lock solutions Hep100 and Hep500 infringes both the
Prosl European Patent and the Utility Model and further that there
is no prior use right that would allow TauroPharm to continue to
make, use or sell its product in Germany. However, the Court
declined to issue an injunction in favor of the Company that would
preclude the continued commercialization by TauroPharm based upon
its finding that there is a sufficient likelihood that the EPO, in
the case of the Prosl European Patent, or the German PTO, in the
case of the Utility Model, may find that such patent or utility
model is invalid. Specifically, the Court noted the possible
publication of certain instructions for product use that may be
deemed to constitute prior art. As such, the District Court
determined that it will defer any consideration of the request by
the Company for injunctive and other relief until such time as the
EPO or the German PTO has made a final decision on the underlying
validity of the Prosl European Patent and the Utility
Model. 

The
opposition proceeding against the Prosl European Patent before the
EPO is ongoing. The EPO held a hearing in the opposition proceeding
on November 25, 2015. In its preliminary consideration of the
matter, the EPO (and the German PTO) had regarded the patent as not
inventive or novel due to publication of prior art. However, the
EPO did not issue a decision at the end of the hearing but
adjourned the matter due to the fact that the panel was of the view
that Claus Herdeis, one of the managing directors of TauroPharm,
has to be heard as a witness in a further hearing in order to close
some gaps in the documentation presented by TauroPharm as regards
the publication of the prior art. No date has yet been scheduled
for such further hearing as of the filing of this Form 10-Q. 
In October 2016, TauroPharm submitted a further writ to the EPO
requesting a date for the hearing and bringing forward further
arguments, in particular in view of the recent decision of the
German PTO on the invalidity of the utility model. The Company will
submit a further writ pushing for a date for the oral hearing and
bringing forward the Company s counter-arguments.  While
the Company continues to believe that the referenced publication
and instructions for use do not, in fact, constitute prior art and
that the Prosl European Patent will be found to be valid by the
EPO, there can be no assurance that the Company will prevail in
this matter. The German PTO held a hearing in the validity
proceedings relating to the Utility Model on June 29, 2016, at
which the panel affirmed its preliminary finding that the Utility
Model was invalid based upon prior publication of a reference to
the benefits that may be associated with adding heparin to a
taurolidine based solution. The decision has only a declaratory
effect, as the Utility Model had expired in November 2015.
Furthermore, it has no bearing on the ongoing consideration of the
validity and possible infringement of the Prosl European Patent by
the EPO. The Company filed an appeal against the ruling on
September 7, 2016. 

16 

CORMEDIX
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

On
January 16, 2015, the Company filed a complaint against TauroPharm
GmbH and its managing directors in the District Court of
Cologne, Germany.  In the complaint, the Company alleges
violation of the German Unfair Competition Act by TauroPharm for
the unauthorized use of its proprietary information obtained in
confidence by TauroPharm.  The Company alleges that
TauroPharm is improperly and unfairly using its proprietary
information relating to the composition and manufacture of
Neutrolin, in the manufacture and sale of TauroPharm s
products TauroLock TM , TauroLock-HEP100
and TauroLock-HEP500.  The Company seeks a cease and
desist order against TauroPharm from continuing to manufacture and
sell any product containing taurolidine (the active pharmaceutical
ingredient ( API ) of Neutrolin) and citric acid in
addition to possible other components, damages for any sales in the
past and the removal of all such products from the market. An
initial hearing in the District Court of Cologne, Germany was held
on November 19, 2015 to consider the Company s claims. In
this hearing, the presiding judge explained that the court needed
more information with regard to several aspects of the case. As a
consequence, the court issued an interim decision in the form of a
court order outlining several issues of concern that relate
primarily to the court's interest in clarifying the facts and
reviewing any and all available documentation, in particular with
regard to the question which specific know-how was provided to
TauroPharm by whom and when. The Company's legal team has prepared
the requested reply and produced the respective documentation.
TauroPharm has also filed another writ within the same deadline and
both parties have filed further writs at the end of April setting
out their respective argumentation in more detail. A further oral
hearing has been scheduled for November 15, 2016. 

In
connection with the aforementioned patent and utility model
infringement proceedings against TauroPharm, the Company was
required by the District Court Mannheim to provide a security
deposit of approximately $132,000 to cover legal fees in the event
TauroPharm is entitled to reimbursement of these costs.  The
Company recorded the deposit as restricted cash for the year ended
December 31, 2015. The Company furthermore had to provide a deposit
in the amount of $40,000 in connection with the unfair competition
proceedings in Cologne. 

On July 7, 2015, a putative class action lawsuit
was commenced against the Company and certain of its current and
former officers in the United States District Court for the
District of New Jersey, captioned   Li v. Cormedix Inc., et
al.  , Case 3:15-cv-05264 (the
 Securities Class Action ). On September 4, 2015, two
individuals, Shahm Martini and Paul Chretien (the  Martini
Group ), filed a Motion to Appoint Lead Plaintiff. On that
same date, another individual, Elaine Wood, filed a competing
Motion to Appoint Lead Plaintiff. On September 18, 2015, the
Martini Group withdrew its motion. Thereafter, on September 22,
2015, the Court appointed Elaine Wood as Lead Plaintiff and, on
October 2, 2015, appointed the Rosen Law Firm as Lead Counsel.

On
December 1, 2015, Lead Plaintiff filed an Amended Complaint
asserting claims that the Company and Steven Lefkowitz, Randy Milby
and Harry O Grady (the  Cormedix Defendants )
violated Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the  Exchange Act ) and Rule 10b-5 promulgated
thereunder and Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act. The Amended
Complaint also names as defendants several unrelated entities that
allegedly were paid stock promoters. Lead Plaintiff alleges
generally that the Cormedix Defendants made materially false or
misleading statements and omissions concerning, among other things,
the competitive landscape for the Company s Neutrolin product
and the alleged use of stock promoters.  The Amended Complaint
seeks unspecified damages, interest, attorneys  fees, and
other costs. 

On
February 1, 2016, the Cormedix Defendants filed a motion to dismiss
all claims asserted against them in the Amended Complaint on the
grounds, among others, that the Amended Complaint fails to
adequately allege: (1) material misstatements or omissions; (2)
scienter by any of the Cormedix Defendants; or (3) loss causation.
The Court heard oral argument on this motion on July 18, 2016 and
in an order dated October 27, 2016, the Court granted the Cormedix
Defendants  Motion to Dismiss and dismissed with prejudice
the Amended Complaint. 

17 

CORMEDIX
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

On May 13, 2016, a putative shareholder derivative
action was filed in the Superior Court of New Jersey against the
Company and certain present and former directors and officers
captioned   Raval v. Milby, et.
al.  , Docket No. C-12034-6 (the
 Derivative Action ). The factual allegations of the
Derivative Action substantially overlap the factual allegations
contained in the Amended Complaint in the Securities Class Action.
The plaintiff purports to assert claims against the individual
defendants on behalf of the Company for breach of fiduciary duty,
unjust enrichment, abuse of control, gross mismanagement and waste
of corporate assets. The complaint in the Derivative Action seeks
unspecified damages, interest, attorneys  fees and other
costs, and certain amendments to the Company s
 corporate governance and internal procedures . On June
30, 2016, the Court entered a stipulated order, among other things,
staying the Derivative Action until 30 days after either: (a) the
entry of any order denying any motion to dismiss the Derivative
Action in the Securities Class Action, or (b) the entry of a final
order dismissing the Securities Class Action with
prejudice.  

The
Company believes that it has substantial legal and factual defenses
to the claims in the Securities Class Action and the Derivative
Action and intends to continue vigorously defending those
cases. 

Commitments 

Manufacturing 

Navinta
LLC, a U.S.-based API developer, has provided API manufacturing
(manufactured in India at an FDA-compliant facility) and a Drug
Master File for CRMD003, pursuant to an original supply agreement
dated December 7, 2009 (the  Navinta Agreement ). The
Company was required to make certain cash payments to Navinta upon
the achievement of certain sales-based milestones which was based
on a tiered approach and was not to commence until the Company
achieves a designated net sales threshold. The maximum aggregate
amount of such payments, assuming achievement of all milestones,
would have been $1,975,000 over five years. There were no
milestones achieved during the nine months ended September 30,
2016. 

On
March 24, 2015, the Company and Navinta LLC entered into an
amendment to the Navinta Agreement to extend the term of the
Navinta Agreement to March 31, 2016 and to lower the price per
kilogram of API that the Company purchases from Navinta LLC under
the Navinta Agreement. The Company also agreed to purchase a
minimum amount of product from Navinta LLC during 2015, which
replaced the prior minimum purchase requirement. The Navinta
Agreement expired on March 31, 2016 without delivery of the minimum
purchase requirement. The Agreement will not be renewed and no
further obligations for purchase nor milestone payments for sales
exist. 

The
Company has developed a program aimed at reducing the cost of goods
of Neutrolin through a more efficient, custom synthesis of the
active ingredient taurolidine. As part of that program, on April 8,
2015, the Company entered into a Preliminary Services Agreement
with [RC] 2 
Pharma Connect LLC ( RC2 ), pursuant to which RC2 will
coordinate certain manufacturing services related to taurolidine.
Specifically, RC2 will undertake a critical parameters evaluation
for the Company s manufacturing needs and coordinate the cGMP
processes set forth in the agreement that the Company believes are
necessary for the submission of its planned new drug application
for Neutrolin to the FDA, as well as any foreign regulatory
applications. The total cost for RC2 s services under the
preliminary services agreement is expected to be approximately $1.7
million which is expected to be incurred through the fourth quarter
of 2016. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
the Company recognized research and development expense of
$1,198,000 and $1,269,000, respectively, for its services related
to the agreement and $250,000 for the nine months ended September
30, 2015. 

The
Company also has several service agreements with RC2 for the
manufacture of clinical supplies to support its ongoing and planned
Phase 3 clinical trials for an aggregate amount of $3.4
million.  During the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016, the Company recognized research and development expense of
approximately $777,000 and $1,510,000, respectively, related to
these agreements. The Company may terminate these agreements upon
30 days written notice and is only obligated for project costs and
reasonable project shut down costs provided through the date of
termination.  

18 

CORMEDIX
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

Clinical and Regulatory 

In
December 2015, CorMedix signed a Master Service Agreement and Work
Order (the  Master Service Agreement ) with PPD
Development, LP ( PPD ) for a $19.2 million Phase 3
multicenter, double-blind, randomized active control study (the
 Phase 3 Clinical Trial ) to demonstrate the safety and
effectiveness of Neutrolin in preventing catheter-related
bloodstream infections and blood clotting in subjects receiving
hemodialysis therapy as treatment for end stage renal disease. The
Phase 3 Clinical Trial is expected to accrue up to 632 patients in
approximately 70 sites in the U.S. During the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized $1.8 million and
$3.8 million research and development expense related to this
agreement. 

In-Licensing 

In
2008, the Company entered into a License and Assignment Agreement
(the  NDP License Agreement ) with NDP. Pursuant to the
NDP License Agreement, NDP granted the Company exclusive, worldwide
licenses for certain antimicrobial catheter lock solutions,
processes for treating and inhibiting infections, a biocidal lock
system and a taurolidine delivery apparatus, and the corresponding
United States and foreign patents and applications (the  NDP
Technology ). The Company acquired such licenses and patents
through its assignment and assumption of NDP s rights under
certain separate license agreements by and between NDP and Dr.
Hans-Dietrich Polaschegg, Dr. Klaus Sodemann and Dr. Johannes
Reinmueller. As consideration in part for the rights to the NDP
Technology, the Company paid NDP an initial licensing fee of
$325,000 and granted NDP a 5% equity interest in the Company,
consisting of 39,980 shares of the Company s common
stock. 

In
addition, the Company is required to make payments to NDP upon the
achievement of certain regulatory and sales-based milestones.
Certain of the milestone payments are to be made in the form of
shares of common stock currently held in escrow for NDP, and other
milestone payments are to be paid in cash. The maximum aggregate
number of shares issuable upon achievement of milestones is 145,543
shares. In 2014, a certain milestone was achieved resulting in the
release of 36,386 shares held in escrow. The number of shares held
in escrow as of September 30, 2016 is 109,157 shares of common
stock. The maximum aggregate amount of cash payments upon
achievement of milestones is $3,000,000 with $2,500,000 remaining
at September 30, 2016. Events that trigger milestone payments
include but are not limited to the reaching of various stages of
regulatory approval and upon achieving certain worldwide net sales
amounts.  There were no milestones
achieved during the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016.  

The NDP
License Agreement may be terminated by the Company on a
country-by-country basis upon 60 days prior written notice. If the
NDP License Agreement is terminated by either party, the
Company s rights to the NDP Technology will revert back to
NDP. 

Other 

On
September 27, 2016, the Company entered into an employment
agreement, effective October 3, 2016, with Khoso Baluch, who joined
the Company on October 3, 2016 as its Chief Executive Officer.
Unless renewed pursuant to the terms thereof, the agreement will
expire on October 3, 2019. After the initial three-year term of Mr.
Baluch   s employment
agreement, the agreement will automatically renew for additional
successive one-year periods, unless either party notifies the other
in writing at least 90 days before the expiration of the then
current term that the agreement will not be renewed. Mr. Baluch
also was appointed to the Company s Board of Directors (the
 Board ) on October 3, 2016. 

Mr.
Baluch will receive an annual base salary of $375,000, which cannot
be decreased unless all officers and/or members of the
Company s executive management team experience an equal or
greater percentage reduction in total compensation and no reduction
may be greater than 25%. Mr. Baluch will be eligible for an annual
bonus, which may equal up to 80% of his base salary then in effect,
as determined by the Board or compensation committee.  As a condition to his employment, Mr. Baluch was
granted stock options to purchase 1,850,000 shares of common stock,
subject to four-year vesting as well as performance and market
based vesting requirements.  

If the
Company terminates Mr. Baluch   s employment other than for Cause
(as defined in the agreement), death or disability, other than by
notice of nonrenewal, or if Mr. Baluch resigns for Good Reason (as
defined in the agreement), Mr. Baluch will receive the following:
(i) payment of any accrued compensation and any unpaid bonus for
the prior year; (ii) his base salary and benefits for a period of
12 months following the effective date of the termination of his
employment; (iii) payment on a prorated basis of any partial bonus
earned based on the actual achievement of the specified bonus
objectives; (iv) if elected continued health insurance coverage
under COBRA, the Company will pay the premium to continue such
coverage in an amount equal to the portion paid for by the Company
during employment until the conclusion of the time when he is
receiving continuation of base salary payments; and (v) all
restricted shares and unvested stock options held by Mr. Baluch
that are scheduled to vest on or before the next succeeding
anniversary of the date of termination shall be accelerated and
deemed to have vested as of the termination date. 

19 

CORMEDIX
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

On
August 3, 2015, the Company entered into a Release of Claims and
Severance Modification with Randy Milby, its former Chief Executive
Officer, that Mr. Milby may not compete against the Company by
engaging in any business involving the development or
commercialization of (i) a preventive anti-infective product that
would be a direct competitor of Neutrolin or (ii) a product
containing taurolidine. The non-compete term did not change and
remains at twelve months following termination of his employment.
The employment agreement was also amended to allow Mr. Milby a
period in which to exercise all vested options and warrants until
the later of 60 months following the termination date of his
employment, provided in no event shall he be able to exercise after
the respective expiration date of any stock option or warrant.
During the quarter ended September 30, 2015, the Company recorded
non-cash expense of $507,341 as a result of this
modification. 

Mr.
Milby resigned as the Company s Interim Chief Executive
Officer on October 2, 2016. Pursuant to the terms of his employment
agreement, Mr. Milby will be entitled to receive his base salary of
$300,000 and benefits for a period of twelve months following the
effective date of the termination of his employment, or, in the
case of benefits, until such time as he receives equivalent
coverage and benefits under plans and programs of a subsequent
employer if such receipt is prior to the expiration of the twelve
month period. To the extent any of the aforementioned benefits
cannot be provided to former employees, the Company will pay Mr.
Milby a lump-sum payment in the amount necessary to allow Mr. Milby
to purchase the equivalent benefits. The Company accrued $325,000
of severance pay and benefits during the year ended December 31,
2015 which remained unpaid at September 30, 2016. 

The
Company entered into sublease for 4,700 square feet of office space
in Bedminster, New Jersey, which sublease runs from April 1, 2015
until March 31, 2018. Rent is $5,000 per month plus occupancy costs
such as utilities, maintenance and taxes. In accordance with the
lease agreement, the Company has deposited $5,000 with the
landlord, the equivalent of one month rent. 

The
Company s subsidiary entered into a lease agreement for its
offices in Fulda, Germany. The lease has a term of 36 months which
commenced on September 1, 2013 for a base monthly payment of
 498. The total 36 month lease obligation is approximately
 17,900 ($20,000). The 36 month lease has terminated and is
renewable every three months commencing on November 1, 2016 for a
base monthly payment of  461. 

Rent
expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was
$17,000 and $51,000, respectively and $16,000 and $55,000 for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2015,
respectively. 

Under
the Company s current lease agreements, the total remaining
lease obligation as of September 30, 2016 is set forth
below: 

20 

Item
2.  

  Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations. 

The following   discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction
with our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, on March 15,
2016.  

Forward
Looking Statements 

This
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains  forward-looking
statements  that involve risks and uncertainties, as well as
assumptions that, if they never materialize or prove incorrect,
could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed
or implied by such forward-looking statements. The statements
contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that are not
purely historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
or the Exchange Act. Forward-looking statements are often
identified by the use of words such as, but not limited to,
 anticipate,   believe,   can, 
 continue,   could, 
 estimate,   expect,   intend, 
 may,   will,   plan, 
 project,   seek,   should, 
 target,   will,   would,  and
similar expressions or variations intended to identify
forward-looking statements. These statements are based on the
beliefs and assumptions of our management based on information
currently available to management. Such forward-looking statements
are subject to risks, uncertainties and other important factors
that could cause actual results and the timing of certain events to
differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such
forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute
to such differences include, but are not limited to, those
identified below, and those discussed in the section titled
 Risk Factors  included in our most recent annual
report on Form 10-K, as well as any amendments thereto, as filed
with the SEC and which are incorporated herein by reference.
Furthermore, such forward-looking statements speak only as of the
date of this report. Except as required by law, we undertake no
obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect
events or circumstances after the date of such
statements. 

Overview 

CorMedix Inc.
(referred to herein, along with its wholly owned subsidiary, as
 we,   us,   our  and the
 Company ) is a biopharmaceutical company focused on
developing and commercializing therapeutic products for the
prevention and treatment of infectious and inflammatory
diseases. 

Our
primary focus is on the development of our lead product candidate,
Neutrolin    (also known as
CRMD003), for potential commercialization in the United States
( U.S. ) and other key markets. We have in-licensed the
worldwide rights to develop and commercialize Neutrolin   . Neutrolin is a
novel anti-infective solution (a formulation of taurolidine,
citrate and heparin 1000 u/ml) for the reduction and prevention of
catheter-related infections and thrombosis in patients requiring
central venous catheters in clinical settings such as dialysis,
critical/intensive care, and oncology. Infection and thrombosis
represent key complications among critical care / intensive care
and cancer patients with central venous catheters. These
complications can lead to treatment delays and increased costs to
the healthcare system when they occur due to hospitalizations, need
for IV antibiotic treatment, long-term anticoagulation therapy,
removal/replacement of the central venous catheter, related
treatment costs and increased mortality when they occur. We believe
Neutrolin addresses a significant unmet medical need and potential
large market opportunities. 

The
U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, has designated Neutrolin
as a Qualified Infectious Disease Product, or QIDP, for prevention
of catheter related blood stream infections in patients with end
stage renal disease receiving hemodialysis through a central venous
catheter. Catheter-related blood stream infections and clotting can
be life-threatening. The QIDP designation provides an additional
five years of market exclusivity in addition to the five years
granted for a New Chemical Entity. In addition, in January 2015,
the FDA granted Fast Track designation to Neutrolin Catheter Lock
Solution, pursuant to the Food and Drug Administration Safety
Innovation Act, or FDASIA, highlighting the large unmet need to
prevent infections in the U.S. healthcare system. The Fast Track
designation of Neutrolin provides us with the opportunity to meet
with the FDA on a more frequent basis during the development
process, and also ensures eligibility to request priority review of
the marketing application. 

In late
2013, we met with the FDA to determine the pathway for U.S.
marketing approval of Neutrolin. Based on those discussions, we
plan to conduct two pivotal trials to demonstrate safety and
effectiveness of Neutrolin to secure marketing approval. We
initiated one Phase 3 clinical trial in hemodialysis patients with
a central venous catheter in December 2015 and plan to initiate one
Phase 3 trial in oncology patients with catheters. 

21 

We
launched the Phase 3 clinical trial in hemodialysis catheters in
the U.S. in December 2015. The clinical trial, named Catheter Lock
Solution Investigational Trial, or LOCK-IT-100, is a prospective,
multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, active
control trial which aims to demonstrate the efficacy and safety of
Neutrolin in preventing catheter-related bloodstream infections, or
CRBSI, in subjects receiving hemodialysis therapy as treatment for
end stage renal disease.  The primary
endpoint for the trial is time to CRBSI. The trial will evaluate
whether Neutrolin is superior to the active control heparin by
documenting the incidence of CRBSI and the time until the
occurrence of CRBSI. Key secondary endpoints are catheter patency
which is defined as required use of tissue plasminogen activating
factor (tPA) or removal of catheter due to dysfunction and catheter
removal for any reason.  We now project to complete
enrollment in the fourth quarter of 2017. 

Our  plans also include conducting a Phase 3
clinical trial in oncology patients with catheters, or LOCK-IT-200.
We are in discussions with the FDA to develop the design of the
trial. These plans are subject to funding requirements (see
 Funding and Capital
Requirements ). 

In July
2013, we received CE Mark approval for Neutrolin. As a result, in
December 2013, we began the commercial launch of Neutrolin in
Germany for the prevention of catheter-related bloodstream
infections ( CRBSI ), and maintenance of catheter
patency in hemodialysis patients using a tunneled, cuffed central
venous catheter for vascular access.  To date, Neutrolin
is registered and may be sold in certain European Union and Middle
Eastern countries for such treatment. 

In
September 2014, the TUV-SUD and The Medicines Evaluation Board of
the Netherlands granted a label expansion for Neutrolin for these
same expanded indications for the European Union
( EU ). In December 2014, we received approval from the
Hessian District President in Germany to expand the label to
include use in oncology patients receiving chemotherapy, IV
hydration and IV medications via central venous catheters. The
expansion also adds patients receiving medication and IV fluids via
central venous catheters in intensive or critical care units
(cardiac care unit, surgical care unit, neonatal critical care
unit, and urgent care centers). An indication for use in total
parenteral nutrition was also approved.   

We are
evaluating  opportunities for the
possible expansion of indications for taurolidine. Provisional
patents have been submitted in four areas, antimicrobial sutures,
nanofiber webs, wound management, and osteoarthritis and
visco-supplementation.   There exists a need to
control and protect against surgical site infections upon closure
with sutures.  We believe taurolidine could offer
benefits not currently available in marketed antimicrobial
sutures.  We also believe that the nanofiber webs used
for absorbable meshes could benefit from taurolidine s
minimal inflammatory response and infection
control.  Taurolidine incorporated into webs or hydrogels
could also be used for wound management especially wounds in less
sterile environments and burn patients.  Lastly,
incorporating taurolidine into formulations for osteoarthritis and
visco-supplementation may benefit from taurolidine s
anti-inflammatory and anti-infection properties. We have entered
into research collaborations regarding incorporating taurolidine
into electrospun nanofibers and as a possible treatment for rare
orphan pediatric tumors.  

22 

In
March 2015, we commenced a process to evaluate our strategic
alternatives in order to accelerate the global development of
Neutrolin and maximize shareholder value.  We engaged
investment bank Evercore Group L.L.C. to provide financial advice
and assist us with our evaluation process.  After the process
with Evercore, we announced in July 2015 that we expected to
continue to pursue product development and commercialization
opportunities on our own, rather than pursuing a possible sale of
our company as this time.  We terminated the arrangement
with Evercore in July 2016, although we will remain open to and
consider strategic partnerships. 

Since
our inception, we have not generated enough revenue from product
sales to be profitable.  Our operations to date have been
primarily limited to licensing product candidates, developing
clinical trials for our product candidates, establishing
manufacturing for our product candidates, performing business and
financial planning, performing research and development, seeking
regulatory approval for our products, initial commercialization
activities for Neutrolin, and maintaining and improving our patent
portfolio.  We have funded our operations primarily with
debt and equity financings.  We have generated
significant losses to date, and we expect to incur increases in our
cash used in operations as we continue to market Neutrolin in
Europe and other markets, prepare for and undertake our ongoing and
planned Phase 3 clinical trials, pursue business development
activities, incur additional legal costs to defend our intellectual
property, and seek FDA approval of Neutrolin in the
U.S.  As of September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated
deficit of approximately $112.6 million.  We are unable
to predict the extent of any future losses or when we will become
profitable, if at all. 

Financial
Operations Overview 

Revenue 

We recognize revenue in accordance with SEC Staff
Accounting Bulletin (SAB) Topic 13,   Revenue Recognition 
 (Topic 13), and Financial Accounting
Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC)
605,   Revenue Recognition 
 (ASC 605)  .  

Our
product shipments to dialysis centers began in December 2013.
Orders are processed through a distributor. The distributor remits
payment to us upon collection from the customer. We recognize net
sales upon shipment of product to the dialysis
centers. 

Deferred Revenue 

In August 2014, we entered into an exclusive
distribution agreement (the  Agreement ) with Wonik
Corporation, a South Korean company, to market, sell and distribute
Neutrolin for hemodialysis and oncolytic patients upon receipt of
regulatory approval in Korea. Upon execution of the Agreement,
Wonik paid us a non-refundable $50,000 payment and will  pay
an additional $50,000 upon receipt of the product registration
necessary to sell Neutrolin in the Republic of Korea  (the  Territory ). The term of the
agreement commenced on August 8, 2014 and will continue for three
years after the first commercial sale of Neutrolin in the
Territory. The non-refundable up-front payment has been recorded as
deferred revenue and is being recognized as revenue on a
straight-line basis over the contractual term of the
Agreement.  

In
October 2015, we shipped product with less than 75% of its
remaining shelf life to a customer and issued a guarantee that the
specific product shipped would be replaced by us if the customer
was not able to sell the product before it expired. As a result of
this warranty, we may have an additional performance obligation
(i.e. accept returned product and deliver new product to the
customer) if the customer is unable to sell the short-dated
product. Due to limited sales experience with the customer, we are
unable to estimate the amount of the warranty obligation that may
be incurred as a result of this shipment. Therefore, we deferred
the revenue and related cost of sales associated with the shipment
of this product and will recognize revenue and related cost of
sales as shipments are made by our customer to third parties. Since
we will be unable to resell the expired product if returned by the
customer, the deferred revenue and related cost of sales is
presented net as Deferred Revenue on the condensed consolidated
balance sheets .  

Research and Development Expense 

Research and
development, or R D, expense consists of: (i) internal costs
associated with our development activities; (ii) payments we make
to third party contract research organizations, contract
manufacturers, investigative sites, and consultants; (iii)
technology and intellectual property license costs; (iv)
manufacturing development costs; (v) personnel related expenses,
including salaries, stock based compensation expense,
benefits, travel and related costs for the personnel involved in
drug development; (vi) activities relating to regulatory filings
and the advancement of our product candidates through preclinical
studies and clinical trials; and (vii) facilities and other
allocated expenses, which include direct and allocated expenses for
rent, facility maintenance, as well as laboratory and other
supplies. All R D is expensed as incurred. 

23 

Conducting a
significant amount of development is central to our business model.
Product candidates in later-stage clinical development generally
have higher development costs than those in earlier stages of
development, primarily due to the significantly increased size and
duration of the clinical trials. We plan to increase our R D
expenses for the foreseeable future in order to complete
development of Neutrolin in the U.S. 

The
process of conducting pre-clinical studies and clinical trials
necessary to obtain regulatory approval is costly and time
consuming. The probability of success for each product candidate
and clinical trial may be affected by a variety of factors,
including, among others, the quality of the product
candidate s early clinical data, investment in the program,
competition, manufacturing capabilities and commercial viability.
As a result of the uncertainties associated with clinical trial
enrollments and the risks inherent in the development process, we
are unable to determine with certainty the duration and completion
costs of current or future clinical stages of our product
candidates or when, or to what extent, we will generate revenues
from the commercialization and sale of any of our product
candidates. 

Development
timelines, probability of success and development costs vary
widely. Our current focus is on clinical development efforts in the
U.S. Based on our discussions with the FDA, we initiated the Phase
3 clinical trial in hemodialysis catheters in December 2015 and,
subject to finalization of the protocol, we plan to initiate the
Phase 3 trial in oncology patients with catheters when and as
funding becomes available, depending on our ability to raise
additional capital and our ability to complete the ongoing
hemodialysis catheters trial. We expect that the ongoing Phase 3
trial for hemodialysis catheters will cost approximately $26
million to $30 million. We are still finalizing the details of the
protocol for the planned second Phase 3 trial for oncology patients
with catheters and are unable to provide a cost estimate at this
time .  See Liquidity and
Capital Resources. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expense 

Selling, general
and administrative, or SG A, expense includes costs related to
commercial personnel, medical education professionals, marketing
and advertising, salaries and other related costs, including
stock-based compensation expense, for persons serving in our
executive, sales, finance and accounting functions. Other SG A
expense includes facility-related costs not included in R D
expense, promotional expenses, costs associated with industry and
trade shows, and professional fees for legal services and
accounting services. 

Foreign Currency Exchange Transaction Gain (Loss) 

Foreign
currency exchange transaction gain (loss) is the result of
re-measuring transactions denominated in a currency other than our
functional currency and is reported in the consolidated statement
of operations as a separate line item within other income
(expense). Foreign currency exchange transaction gain (loss)
consists of foreign exchange transaction gains and losses on
intercompany loans that are in place between our company, which is
based in New Jersey and our German subsidiary. The intercompany
loans outstanding are not expected to be repaid in the foreseeable
future and unrealized foreign exchange movements related to
long-term intercompany loans are recorded in other comprehensive
income (loss). 

Results
of Operations 

Three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to three
and nine months ended September 30, 2015 

The
following is a tabular presentation of our consolidated operating
results: 

24 

Revenue.  Revenue was $44,000 for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $36,000 in the
same period last year, an increase of $8,000. The increase was due
to higher sales of Neutrolin in Germany and the Middle
East. 

Revenue
was $102,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as
compared to $187,000 for the same period last year, a decrease of
$85,000. The decrease was due to lower sales of Neutrolin in
Germany and the Middle East in the first two quarters. 

Cost of Sales.  Cost of sales was
$44,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to
$35,000 in the same period last year, an increase of $9,000. The
increase was primarily due to an increase in cost of materials due
to higher sales during the three months ended September 30, 2016 of
$10,000, offset by a decrease in ongoing stability studies of
$1,000. 

Cost of
sales was $281,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
compared to $155,000 in the same period last year, an increase of
$126,000. The increase was primarily due to an increase of
inventory reserve of $166,000 and write-off of raw materials of
$21,000, offset by decreases in ongoing stability studies of
$37,000 and decreased cost of materials of $24,000 due to lower
sales during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Research and Development Expense .
R D expense was $6,840,000 for the three months ended September
30, 2016, an increase of $5,076,000 from $1,764,000 for the same
period last year. The increase was primarily attributable to
$2,373,000 of expenses related to the ongoing Phase 3 clinical
trial in hemodialysis catheters in the U.S.; cost of new studies
related to antimicrobial sutures, nanofiber webs, wound management
and osteoarthritis and visco-supplementation of $1,791,000; costs
to support the U.S. clinical trial drug supply consisting of
manufacturing process development activities of $1,007,000; and
personnel cost of $176,000. These increases were offset by
decreases in pharmacoeconomics and pricing and market research
studies conducted in 2015 of $190,000 and decreased consulting fees
pertaining to manufacturing process development activities of
$105,000. 

R D
expense was $11,703,000 for the nine months ended September 30,
2016, an increase of $6,906,000, from $4,797,000 for the same
period last year. The increase was primarily attributable to
$4,676,000 expenses related to the ongoing Phase 3 clinical trial
in hemodialysis catheters in the U.S., which began in December
2015; cost of new studies related to antimicrobial sutures,
nanofiber webs, wound management and osteoarthritis and
visco-supplementation of $2,074,000; increase in costs to support
the U.S. clinical trial drug supply consisting of manufacturing
process development activities of $1,306,000; and increased
personnel cost of $561,000. These increases were offset by
decreases in pharmacoeconomics and pricing and market research
studies conducted in 2015 of $801,000; decreased non-cash stock
based compensation of $733,000 and decreased consulting fees
pertaining to manufacturing process development activities of
$177,000. 

25 

Selling, General and Administrative
Expense . SG A expense was $2,318,000 for the three
months ended September 30, 2016, a decrease of $631,000 from
$2,949,000 for the same period last year. The decrease was
primarily attributable to a decrease in non-cash charge of $749,000
for stock-based compensation expense, mainly due to the former
CEO s modification of stock options recorded in 2015; a
decrease in personnel cost of $254,000 mainly due to the former
CEO s severance pay recognized in 2015; a decrease in selling
costs related to commercialization of Neutrolin in the EU of
$176,000; and decreases in costs related to business development
activities of $69,000. These decreases, among others of lesser
significance, were offset by increased consulting fees of $310,000,
primarily due to interim CFO and executive search fees; increased
market research and health economics studies of $173,000; and
increased investor relations activities of $150,000. 

SG A expense
was $6,450,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, a
decrease of $1,547,000 from $7,997,000 for the same period last
year. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in
non-cash charge of $1,255,000 for stock-based compensation expense,
mainly due to the former CEO s modification of stock options
recorded in 2015; a decrease in selling costs related to
commercialization of Neutrolin in the EU of $595,000; a decrease in
costs related to business development activities of $422,000; and a
decrease in personnel cost of $215,000 mainly due to the former
CEO s severance pay recognized in 2015. These decreases,
among others of lesser significance, were offset by increased
consulting fees of $560,000, primarily due to interim CFO and
executive search fees; increased legal fees of $270,000, mainly due
to securities litigation; and increased market research and health
economics studies of $114,000. 

Interest Income . Interest income was
$33,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared
to $25,000 for the same period last year, an increase of $8,000.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, interest income was
$94,000 as compared to $31,000 for the same period last year, an
increase of $63,000. These increases were attributable to having
higher average interest-bearing cash balances during the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period
last year. 

Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) .
Unrealized foreign exchange movements related to long-term
intercompany loans and the translation of the foreign affiliate
financial statements to U.S. dollars and unrealized movements
related to short-term investment are recorded in other
comprehensive income totaling a $7,000 loss and $7,000 gain for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, $21,000 and
$1,000 gain were recorded, respectively. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Sources of Liquidity 

We have
not been profitable and have generated operating losses since we
were incorporated in July 2006.  During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016,  we received gross
proceeds of $6.2 million from the issuance of 3,353,437 shares of
common stock under the at-the-market-issuance sales agreement and
$849,501 from the following exercise of stock options: 

15,000 shares of
common stock with an exercise price of $0.28 per
share; 

85,000 shares of
common stock with an exercise price of $0.29 per share 

525,000 shares of
common stock with an exercise price of $0.68 per
share; 

340,000 shares of
common stock with an exercise price of $0.90 per
share; 

30,000 shares of
common stock with an exercise price of $1.10 per
share; 

22,500 shares of
common stock with an exercise price of $1.54 per share;
and 

50,000 shares
of common stock with an exercise price of $1.80 per
share. 

26 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities was $15,767,000 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $8,892,000 for the
same period last year. The net loss of $18,244,000 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 was higher than cash used in
operating activities by $2,477,000. The difference is primarily
attributable to non-cash stock-based compensation of $921,000, an
increase to the inventory reserve of $166,000, and increases in
accrued expenses and accounts payable of $1,921,000 and $47,000,
respectively, and decreases in trade receivables and inventory of
$301,000 and $92,000, respectively, offset by an increase in
prepaid expenses of $982,000. In comparison for the same period
last year, the net loss of approximately $14,321,000 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015 was higher than cash used in
operating activities by approximately $5,429,000. The difference is
attributable primarily to non-cash stock-based compensation of
approximately $2,909,000, a non-cash charge for warrants issued in
connection with the backstop agreement of approximately $1,583,000,
value of warrants related to the extension of their expiration date
of approximately $113,000, and increases in accrued expenses and
accounts payable of $988,000 and $539,000, respectively, offset by
increases in prepaid expenses, inventory and restricted cash of,
$247,000, $236,000 and $172,000, respectively. 

Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities 

Cash
provided by (used in) investing activities for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 was $6,704,000, attributable to the
proceeds on the sale of short-term investments as compared to cash
used in investing activities of $23,618,000 for the same period
last year due to the purchase of short-term
investments. 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was $7,070,000 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $42,422,000 for the
same period last year, a decrease of $35,352,000. During the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, we received net proceeds of
$6,221,000 from the sale of our common stock in the at-the-market
program and $850,000 from the exercise of stock options. In
comparison, for the same period last year, we received net proceeds
of $27,243,000 from the sale of our common stock in the
at-the-market program $14,658,000 from the exercise of warrants,
$493,000 from the exercise of stock options and $28,000 from short
swing profit recovery. 

Funding and Capital Requirements 

Our
total cash on hand and short-term investments as of September 30,
2016 was $26,654,000, excluding restricted cash of $172,000,
compared to $35,386,000 at December 31, 2015. In addition, we have
approximately $4.1 million available for sale under our current
at-the-market program.    In August 2016, we entered into a
new At Market Issuance Sales Agreement with FBR Capital Markets
  Co. ( FBR ), the successor in interest to MLV,
which is identical in terms to the Sales Agreement for the
Company s current at-the-market program and allows us to sell
up to $40 million of shares of our common stock; however, we cannot
access the at-the-market program under the new sales agreement
unless and until    (i) we and Elliott
Associates, L.P. ("Elliot") agree as to the exercise or waiver of
Elliott's participation rights in the new ATM program, which rights
were granted in a Consent and Exchange Agreement dated September
15, 2014, and apply to any equity financing we undertake until
September 15, 2017, and (ii)  the registration statement that
includes the prospectus for the new at-the-market program that we
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is declared
effective. 

Because our
business has not currently generated positive operating cash flow,
we will need to raise additional capital before we exhaust our
current cash resources in order to continue to fund our research
and development activities and our business development activities,
as well as to fund operations generally. Our continued operations
and completion of our ongoing Phase 3 clinical trial for Neutrolin
in hemodialysis catheters in the U.S. which was initiated in
December 2015 will depend on whether we are able to raise
sufficient additional funds through various potential sources, such
as equity, debt financings, and/or strategic relationships. We also
plan to conduct a Phase 3 clinical trial in oncology patients with
catheters in the U.S. for which additional funds over and above the
funds needed for the ongoing hemodialysis Phase 3 clinical trial
will be required to begin and complete that study. However, we can
provide no assurances that financing or strategic relationships
will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. 

We
expect to continue to fund operations from cash on hand and through
either capital raising sources as previously described, which may
be dilutive to existing stockholders, or through generating
revenues from the licensing of our products or strategic alliances.
 We have approximately $4.1 million
available for sale under our current at-the market program. Pending
an arrangement with Elliott and effectiveness of the related
registration statement, as discussed above, we would have $40.0
million available under the new at-the-market program. We intend to
utilize these at-the-market programs, if conditions allow, to
support our ongoing Phase 3 clinical trial for Neutrolin in
hemodialysis catheters in the U.S., however, we may seek to sell
additional equity or debt securities, obtain a bank credit
facility, or enter into a strategic alliance arrangement, 
but can provide no assurances that any such financing or strategic
alliance arrangement will be available on acceptable terms, or at
all. Moreover, the incurrence of indebtedness in connection with a
debt financing would result in increased fixed obligations and
could also result in covenants that would restrict our operations.
 Raising additional funds through
strategic alliance arrangements with third parties may require us
to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue
streams, research programs or product candidates, or to grant
licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us or our
stockholders.  Our actual cash requirements may vary
materially from those now planned, however, because of a number of
factors including any change in the focus and direction of our
research and development programs, any acquisition or pursuit of
development of new product candidates, competitive and technical
advances, costs of commercializing any of our product candidates,
and costs of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any
patent claims and any other intellectual property
rights. 

27 

While
we expect to grow product sales, we do not anticipate that we will
generate significant product sales revenue in the foreseeable
future. In the absence of such revenue, we would experience
continuing operating cash flow deficits. We expect to incur
increases in our cash used in operations as we continue to
undertake our ongoing and planned Phase 3 clinical trials, pursue
business development activities, incur additional legal costs to
defend our intellectual property and seek FDA approval of Neutrolin
in the U.S. 

Based on our cash resources at September 30,
2016  and the expected cost of the Phase 3 clinical trial in
hemodialysis catheters in the U.S., we believe that our existing
cash and short-term investments will not be sufficient to fund our
operations for at least the next twelve months following the
balance sheet date and will not be sufficient to complete the
ongoing Phase 3 trial for hemodialysis catheters in the U.S. or to
begin the planned Phase 3 trial for oncology patients with
catheters. We currently anticipate judiciously utilizing our
current at-the-market program and, if and when available, our new
at-the-market program. If we are unable to raise additional funds
when needed, we may not be able to complete our ongoing Phase 3
clinical trial, commence our planned Phase 3 clinical trial for
oncology patients with catheters or market our products and we
could be required to delay, scale back or eliminate some or all of
our research and development programs. Each of these alternatives
would likely have a material adverse effect on our
business. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

Our
management s discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations is based on our financial
statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States, or GAAP. The
preparation of these financial statements requires us to make
estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets,
liabilities and expenses. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate these
estimates and judgments, including those described below. We base
our estimates on our historical experience and on various other
assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the
circumstances. These estimates and assumptions form the basis for
making judgments about the carrying values of assets and
liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.
Actual results and experiences may differ materially from these
estimates. 

While
our significant accounting policies are more fully described in
Note 2 to our financial statements included with this report, we
believe that the following accounting policies are the most
critical to aid you in fully understanding and evaluating our
reported financial results and affect the more significant
judgments and estimates that we use in the preparation of our
financial statements. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

We
account for stock options according to the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards
Codification ( ASC ) No. 718,  Compensation
  Stock Compensation  ( ASC 718 ). 
Under ASC 718, share-based compensation cost is measured at grant
date, based on the estimated fair value of the award using a
Black-Scholes options pricing model for options with service or
performance based vesting conditions and a Monte Carlo option
pricing model for options with market vesting conditions.
Stock-based compensation cost is recognized as expense net of
expected forfeitures, over the employee s requisite service
period on a straight-line basis.   

We
account for stock options granted to non-employees on a fair value
basis using the Black-Scholes option pricing model in accordance
with ASC 718 and ASC No. 505-50,  Equity-Based Payments to
Non-Employees  ( ASC 505 ).  For the purpose
of valuing options and warrants granted to our directors, officers,
employees and consultants, we use the Black-Scholes option pricing
model. The non-cash charge to operations for non-employee options
with time based vesting provisions is based on the fair value of
the options remeasured each reporting period and amortized to
expense over the related vesting period, and the non-cash charge to
operations for non-employee options with performance based vesting
provisions is recorded when the achievement of the performance
condition is probable and remeasured each reporting period until
the performance condition is achieved. 

28 

Valuations
incorporate several variables, including expected term, expected
volatility, expected dividend yield and a risk-free interest rate.
 We estimate the expected term of the options granted based on
anticipated exercises in future periods. The expected stock price
volatility for our stock options is calculated based on the
historical volatility since the initial public offering of our
common stock in March 2010, weighted pre and post CE Mark approval
in the European Union. The expected dividend yield reflects our
current and expected future policy for dividends on our common
stock.  To determine the risk-free interest rate, we utilize
the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant with a
term consistent with the expected term of our awards. 

Stock
compensation expense is recognized by applying the expected
forfeiture rate during the vesting period to the fair value of the
award.  The estimation of the number of stock awards that will
ultimately vest requires judgment, and to the extent actual results
or updated estimates differ from our current estimates,
compensation expense may need to be revised.  We consider
many factors when estimating expected forfeitures for stock awards
granted to employees, officers and directors, including types of
awards, employee class, and an analysis of our historical
forfeitures.  

Revenue Recognition 

We
recognize revenue in accordance with SEC SAB Topic 13,
 Revenue Recognition ( Topic 13) and FASB ASC 605,
 Revenue Recognition  ( ASC
605 ) .  Our product
Neutrolin received its CE Mark in Europe in July 2013 and shipment
of product to the dialysis centers began in December 2013. In
accordance with Topic 13, we recognize revenue from product sales
when the following four revenue recognition criteria are met:
persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has
occurred, the selling price is fixed or determinable, and
collectability is reasonably assured. We recognize revenue upon
shipment of product to the dialysis centers because the four
revenue recognition criteria are met at that time. For an upfront
payment related to an exclusive distribution agreement, we record
it as deferred revenue and recognize revenue on a straight-line
basis over the contractual term of the agreement 

In
October 2015, we shipped product with less than 75% of its
remaining shelf life to a customer and issued a guarantee that any
product shipped with less than 75% of its shelf life remaining
would be replaced by us if the customer was not able to sell the
product before it expired. As a result of this warranty, we may
have an additional performance obligation (i.e. accept returned
product and deliver new product to the customer) if the customer is
unable to sell the short-dated product. Due to limited sales
experience with the customer, we are unable to estimate the amount
of the warranty obligation that may be incurred as a result of this
shipment. Therefore, we have deferred the revenue and related cost
of sales associated with the shipment of this product. Since we
will be unable to resell the expired product if returned by the
customer, the deferred revenue and related cost of sales is
presented net as  Deferred revenue  on the consolidated
balance sheet. 

Inventory Valuation 

We
engage third parties to manufacture and package inventory held for
sale and warehouse such goods until packaged for final distribution
and sale. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market
price with cost determined on a first-in, first-out basis.
Inventories are reviewed periodically to identify slow-moving or
obsolete inventory based on sales activity, both projected and
historical, as well as product shelf-life. In evaluating the
recoverability of our inventories, we consider the probability that
revenue will be obtained from the future sale of the related
inventory and, if required, will write down inventory quantities in
excess of expected requirements. Expired inventory is disposed of
and the related costs are recognized as cost of product sales in
our consolidated statements of operations. 

We
analyze our inventory levels to identify inventory that may expire
prior to sale, inventory that has a cost basis in excess of its
estimated realizable value, or inventory in excess of expected
sales requirements. Although the manufacturing of our products is
subject to strict quality controls, certain batches or units of
product may no longer meet quality specifications or may expire,
which would require adjustments to our inventory
values. 

In the
future, reduced demand, quality issues or excess supply beyond
those anticipated by management may result in an adjustment to
inventory levels, which would be recorded as an increase to cost of
product sales. The determination of whether or not inventory costs
will be realizable requires estimates by our management. A critical
input in this determination is future expected inventory
requirements based on our internal sales forecasts which we then
compare to the expiry dates of inventory on hand. To the extent
that inventory is expected to expire prior to being sold, we will
write down the value of inventory. If actual results differ from
those estimates, additional inventory write-offs may be
required. 

29 

Short-Term Investments 

We
determine the appropriate classification of marketable securities
at the time of purchase and reevaluate such designation as of each
balance sheet date. Investments in marketable debt and equity
securities classified as available-for-sale are reported at fair
value. Fair values of our investments are determined using quoted
market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
or quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities or other inputs
that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market
data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.
Our marketable securities are highly liquid and consist of U.S.
government agency securities, high-grade corporate obligations and
commercial paper with maturities of more than 90 days but less than
12 months. Changes in fair value that are considered temporary are
reported net of tax in other comprehensive income (loss). Realized
gains and losses, amortization of premiums and discounts and
interest and dividends earned are included in income (expense) on
the condensed consolidated statements of operations and
comprehensive income (loss). The cost of investments for purposes
of computing realized and unrealized gains and losses is based on
the specific identification method. Investments with maturities
beyond one year, if any, are classified as short-term based on
management s intent to fund current operations with these
securities or to make them available for current operations. For
declines, if any, in the fair value of equity securities that are
considered other-than-temporary, impairment losses are charged to
other (income) expense, net. We consider available evidence in
evaluating potential impairments of our investments, including the
duration and extent to which fair value is less than cost and, for
equity securities, our ability and intent to hold the
investments. 

Fair Value Measurements 

We
categorize our financial instruments into a three-level fair value
hierarchy that prioritize the inputs to valuation techniques used
to measure fair value. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest
priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets
(Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3).
If the inputs used to measure fair value fall within different
levels of the hierarchy, the category level is based on the lowest
priority level input that is significant to the fair value
measurement of the instrument. Financial assets recorded at fair
value on our condensed consolidated balance sheets are categorized
as follows: 

Level 1
inputs Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices
(unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active
markets. 

Level 2
inputs  Significant other observable inputs (e.g., quoted
prices for similar items in active markets, quoted prices for
identical or similar items in markets that are not active, inputs
other than quoted prices that are observable such as interest rate
and yield curves, and market-corroborated inputs). 

Level 3 inputs
 Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, which are
supported by little or no market activity and are   valued based on management s
estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in
pricing the asset or liability. 

Recent Authoritative Pronouncements: 

In
May 2014, the FASB issued new guidance related to how an entity
should recognize revenue. The guidance specifies that an entity
should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods
or services to customers in an amount that reflects the
consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in
exchange for those goods and services. In addition, the guidance
expands the required disclosures related to revenue and cash flows
from contracts with customers. The guidance is effective for us
beginning in the first quarter of 2017. Early adoption is not
permitted and retrospective application is required. We are
currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance on our
consolidated financial statements. 

In
June 2014, the FASB issued an accounting standard that clarifies
the accounting for share-based payments when the terms of an award
provide that a performance target could be achieved after the
requisite service period.  The standard requires that a
performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved
after the requisite service period be treated as a performance
condition.   The amendments are effective for
interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2015.  This adoption did not have a material impact on
our consolidated financial statements. 

In
April 2015, the FASB issued new guidance which requires that debt
issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented
in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount
of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. This
guidance requires retrospective adoption and will be effective for
us beginning in the first quarter of 2016.  Early
adoption is permitted.  This adoption did not have a
material impact on our consolidated financial
statements. 

30 

In
July 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standard that requires
inventory be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value
and options that currently exist for market value be eliminated.
The standard defines net realizable value as estimated selling
prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably
predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation and
is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2016 and interim periods within those fiscal years with early
adoption permitted. The guidance should be applied prospectively.
We are evaluating the impact the adoption of this guidance will
have on the determination or reporting of our consolidated
financial statements. 

In
November 2015, the FASB issued guidance that requires that deferred
tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a
classified statement of financial position. The current requirement
that deferred tax liabilities and assets of a tax-paying component
of an entity be offset and presented as a single amount is not
affected by this amendment. The new guidance is effective for
fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning
after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted and the
standard may be applied either retrospectively or on a prospective
basis to all deferred tax assets and liabilities.  We are evaluating the impact the adoption of this
guidance will have on the determination or reporting of our
consolidated financial statements.  

On
August 27, 2014 ASU No. 2014-15   Presentation of Financial
Statements, Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern was issued. The ASU requires
management to evaluate whether there are conditions and events that
raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to
continue as a going concern within one year after the financial
statements are issued and if management s plans will
alleviate that doubt. Management will be required to make this
evaluation for both annual and interim reporting periods.
 The guidance is effective for annual
periods ending after December 15, 2016 and interim periods
thereafter. Early adoption is permitted.  

In
January 2016, the FASB issued a new standard that modifies certain
aspects of the recognition, measurement, presentation, and
disclosure of financial instruments. The accounting standard update
is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those
years, beginning after December 15, 2017, and early adoption is
permitted. We are currently assessing the impact that adopting this
new accounting guidance will have on our consolidated financial
statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued new guidance
related to how an entity should lease assets and lease liabilities.
The guidance specifies that an entity who is a lessee under lease
agreements should  recognize lease assets and lease
liabilities for those leases classified as operating leases under
previous FASB guidance.  Accounting for
leases by lessors is largely unchanged under the new guidance. The
guidance is effective for us beginning in the first quarter of
2019. Early adoption is permitted. In transition , lessees
and lessors are required to recognize and measure leases at the
beginning of the earliest period presented using a modified
retrospective approach.  We are
evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance on our consolidated
financial statements.  

In March 2016, the FASB issued new guidance which
simplifies  several aspects of the accounting for share-based
payment transactions, including the income tax consequences,
classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and
classification on the statement of cash flows.  The guidance is effective for us beginning in the
first quarter of fiscal year 2017. Early adoption is permitted. We
are evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance on our
consolidated financial statements.   

In
April 2016, the FASB issued an update which clarifies two aspects
of the new revenue guidance by providing guidance on how to
identify performance obligations and providing implementation
guidance surrounding licensing. The amendments in this update do
not change the core principle of the new revenue guidance. The
guidance is effective for us beginning in the first quarter of
2017. Early adoption is not permitted and retrospective application
is required. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting
this guidance on our consolidated financial
statements. 

In
August 2016, the FASB issued new guidance which clarifies how
certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and
classified in the statement of cash flows in order to reduce
diversity in practice. The guidance is effective for us beginning
in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018. Early adoption is
permitted. We are evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance
on our consolidated financial statements. 

31 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We do
not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Item
3.  

  Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk. 

None. 

Item
4.  

  Controls
and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer (who is our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer), we carried out
an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of
our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, or the Exchange Act) as of September 30,
2016.  Based on the foregoing evaluation, our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that
our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file
or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and
forms of the SEC, and that such information is accumulated and
communicated to our management, including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosures. 

Disclosure controls
and procedures are designed only to provide reasonable assurance
that information to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. As of the end
of the period covered by this report, our management, including our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures. Based on the foregoing evaluation of our disclosure
controls and procedures, our management, including our Chief
Executive Officer (who is our principal executive officer and
principal financial officer), have concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016 to
ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the
reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (a)
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (b)
accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate
to allow for timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting
during the quarter ended September 30, 2016, or in other factors
that could significantly affect these controls, that materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting. 

32 

PART
II 

OTHER
INFORMATION 

Item
1.  

  Legal
Proceedings. 

In
February 2007, Geistlich S hne AG f r Chemische
Industrie, Switzerland ( Geistlich ) brought an action
against the European Sodemann Patent covering our Neutrolin product
candidate, which is owned by ND Partners, LLC ( NDP )
and licensed to us pursuant to the License and Assignment Agreement
between us and NDP. This action was brought at the Board of the
European Patent Office ( EPO ) opposition division (the
 Opposition Board ) based upon alleged lack of
inventiveness in the use of citric acid and a pH value in the range
of 4.5 to 6.5 with having the aim to provide an alternative lock
solution through having improved anticoagulant characteristics
compared to the lock solutions of the prior art. The Opposition
Board rejected the opposition by Geistlich. On August 27, 2008,
Geistlich appealed the court's ruling, alleging the same
arguments as presented during the opposition proceedings.We filed a
response to the appeal of Geistlich on March 25, 2009 requesting a
dismissal of the appeal and maintenance of the patent as granted.
On November 28, 2012, the Board of Appeals of the EPO (the
 Appeals Board ) held oral proceedings and verbally
upheld the counterpart of the Sodemann Patent covering Neutrolin,
but remanded the proceeding to the lower court to consider
restricting certain claims of the counterpart of the Sodemann
Patent. We received the Appeals Board s final written
decision on March 28, 2013, which was consistent with the oral
proceedings. In a letter dated September 30, 2013, we were notified
that the opposition division of the EPO reopened the proceedings
before the first instance and gave their preliminary non-binding
opinion that the patent as amended during the appeal proceedings
fulfills the requirements of clarity, novelty, and inventive step,
and invited the parties to provide their comments and/or requests
by February 10, 2014.  We filed its response on February
3, 2014 to request that the patent be maintained as amended during
the appeal proceedings.  Geistlich did not provide any
filing by February 10, 2014; however, the Opposition Board granted
Geistlich an extension to respond by the end of July 2014 because
its representative did not receive the September 30, 2013 letter
due to a change of address.  Geistlich did not file a
further statement within the required timeline.  On
November 5, 2014, the Opposition Division at the EPO issued the
interlocutory decision to maintain the patent on the basis of the
claims as amended during the appeal proceedings. This decision
became final as no further appeal was lodged by
Geistlich. 

On
September 9, 2014, we filed in the District Court of Mannheim,
Germany a patent infringement action against TauroPharm GmbH and
Tauro-Implant GmbH as well as their respective CEOs (the
 Defendants ) claiming infringement of our European
Patent EP 1 814 562 B1, which was granted by the EPO on January 8,
2014 (the  Prosl European Patent ). The Prosl European
Patent covers a low dose heparin catheter lock solution for
maintaining patency and preventing infection in a hemodialysis
catheter.  In this action, we claim that the Defendants
infringe on the Prosl European Patent by manufacturing and
distributing catheter locking solutions to the extent they are
covered by the claims of the Prosl European Patent.  We
believe that our patent is sound, and are seeking injunctive relief
and raising claims for information, rendering of accounts, calling
back, destruction and damages. Separately, TauroPharm has filed an
opposition with the EPO against the Prosl European Patent alleging
that it lacks novelty and inventive step.  We cannot
predict what other defenses the Defendants may raise, or the
ultimate outcome of either of these related matters. 

In the
same complaint against the same Defendants, we also alleged an
infringement (requesting the same remedies) of NDP s utility
model DE 20 2005 022 124 U1 (the  Utility Model ),
which we believe is fundamentally identical to the Prosl European
Patent in its main aspects and claims. The Court separated the two
proceedings and the Prosl European Patent and the Utility Model
claims are now being tried separately. TauroPharm has filed a
cancellation action against the Utility Model before the German
Patent and Trademark Office (the  German PTO ) based on
the similar arguments as those in the opposition against the Prosl
European Patent. 

On
March 27, 2015, the District Court held a hearing to evaluate
whether the Utility Model has been infringed by TauroPharm in
connection with the manufacture, sale and distribution of its
TauroLock-HEP100TM and TauroLock-HEP500TM products. A hearing
before the same court was held on January 30, 2015 on the separate,
but related, question of infringement of the Prosl European Patent
by TauroPharm. 

The
Court issued its decisions on May 8, 2015, staying both
proceedings.  In its decisions, the Court found that the
commercialization by TauroPharm in Germany of its TauroLock
catheter lock solutions Hep100 and Hep500 infringes both the
Prosl European Patent and the Utility Model and further that there
is no prior use right that would allow TauroPharm to continue to
make, use or sell its product in Germany. However, the Court
declined to issue an injunction in favor of us that would preclude
the continued commercialization by TauroPharm based upon its
finding that there is a sufficient likelihood that the EPO, in the
case of the Prosl European Patent, or the German PTO, in the case
of the Utility Model, may find that such patent or utility model is
invalid. Specifically, the Court noted the
possible publication of certain instructions for product use
that may be deemed to constitute prior art. As such, the District
Court determined that it will defer any consideration of the
request by us for injunctive and other relief until such time as
the EPO or the German PTO made a final decision on the underlying
validity of the Prosl European Patent and the Utility
Model. 

The
opposition proceeding against the Prosl European Patent before the
EPO is ongoing. In its preliminary consideration of the matter, the
EPO (and the German PTO) regarded the patent as not inventive or
novel due to publication of prior art.  Oral proceedings
before the Opposition Division at the EPO were held on November 25,
2015, at which the three judge patent examiner panel considered
arguments related to the validity of the Prosl European Patent. The
hearing was adjourned due to the fact that the panel was of the
view that Claus Herdeis, one of the managing directors of
TauroPharm, has to be heard as a witness in a further hearing in
order to close some gaps in the documentation presented by
TauroPharm as regards the publication of prior art. No date has yet
been established for such further hearing as of the filing of this
Form 10-Q.  In October 2016, TauroPharm submitted a further
writ to the EPO requesting a date for the hearing and bringing
forward further arguments, in particular in view of the recent
decision of the German PTO on the invalidity of the utility model.
We will submit a further writ pushing for a date for the oral
hearing and bringing forward our counter-arguments.  While we
continue to believe that the referenced publication and
instructions for use do not, in fact, constitute prior art and that
the Prosl European Patent will be found to be valid by the EPO,
there can be no assurance that we will prevail in this matter. The
German PTO held a hearing in the validity proceedings relating to
the Utility Model on June 29, 2016, at which the panel affirmed its
preliminary finding that the Utility Model was invalid based upon
prior publication of a reference to the benefits that may be
associated with adding heparin to a taurolidine based solution. The
decision has only a declaratory effect, as the Utility Model had
expired in November 2015. Furthermore, it has no bearing on the
ongoing consideration of the validity and possible infringement of
the Prosl European Patent by the EPO. We filed an appeal against
the ruling on September 7, 2016. 

33 

On
January 16, 2015, we filed a complaint against TauroPharm GmbH and
its managing directors in the District Court of Cologne,
Germany.  In the complaint, we allege violation of the
German Unfair Competition Act by TauroPharm for the unauthorized
use of its proprietary information obtained in confidence by
TauroPharm.  We allege that TauroPharm is improperly and
unfairly using its proprietary information relating to the
composition and manufacture of Neutrolin, in the manufacture and
sale of TauroPharm s products TauroLockTM, TauroLock-HEP100
and TauroLock-HEP500.  We seek a cease and desist order
against TauroPharm from continuing to manufacture and sell any
product containing taurolidine (the active pharmaceutical
ingredient ( API ) of Neutrolin) and citric acid in
addition to possible other components, damages for any sales in the
past and the removal of all such products from the market. An
initial hearing in the District Court of Cologne, Germany was held
on November 19, 2015 to consider our claims. The judge made no
decision on the merits of our complaint.  On January 14, 2016,
the court issued an interim decision in the form of a court order
outlining several issues of concern that relate primarily to
court's interest in clarifying the facts and reviewing any and all
available documentation, in particular with regard to the question
which specific know-how was provided to TauroPharm by whom and
when. We have prepared the requested reply and produced the
respective documentation. TauroPharm has also filed another writ
within the same deadline and both parties have filed further writs
at the end of April setting out their respective argumentation in
more detail. A further oral hearing has been scheduled for November
15, 2016. 

On July 7, 2015, a putative class action lawsuit
was commenced against the Company and certain of its current and
former officers in the United States District Court for the
District of New Jersey, captioned   Li v. Cormedix Inc., et
al.  , Case 3:15-cv-05264 (the
 Securities Class Action ). On September 4, 2015, two
individuals, Shahm Martini and Paul Chretien (the  Martini
Group ), filed a Motion to Appoint Lead Plaintiff. On that
same date, another individual, Elaine Wood, filed a competing
Motion to Appoint Lead Plaintiff. On September 18, 2015, the
Martini Group withdrew its motion. Thereafter, on September 22,
2015, the Court appointed Elaine Wood as Lead Plaintiff and, on
October 2, 2015, appointed the Rosen Law Firm as Lead Counsel.

On
December 1, 2015, Lead Plaintiff filed an Amended Complaint
asserting claims that the Company and Steven Lefkowitz, Randy Milby
and Harry O Grady (the  Cormedix Defendants )
violated Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5
promulgated thereunder and Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act. The
Amended Complaint also names as defendants several unrelated
entities that allegedly were paid stock promoters. Lead Plaintiff
alleges generally that the Cormedix Defendants made materially
false or misleading statements and omissions concerning, among
other things, the competitive landscape for the Company s
Neutrolin product and the alleged use of stock promoters.  The
Amended Complaint seeks unspecified damages, interest,
attorneys  fees, and other costs. 

On
February 1, 2016, the Cormedix Defendants filed a motion to dismiss
all claims asserted against them in the Amended Complaint on the
grounds, among others, that the Amended Complaint fails to
adequately allege: (1) material misstatements or omissions; (2)
scienter by any of the Cormedix Defendants; or (3) loss causation.
The Court heard oral argument on this motion on July 18, 2016 and
in an order dated October 27, 2016, the Court granted the Cormedix
Defendants  Motion to Dismiss and dismissed with prejudice
the Amended Complaint. 

On May 13, 2016, a putative shareholder derivative
action was filed in the Superior Court of New Jersey against the
Company and certain present and former directors and officers
captioned   Raval v. Milby, et.
al.  , Docket No. C-12034-6 (the
 Derivative Action ). The factual allegations of the
Derivative Action substantially overlap the factual allegations
contained in the Amended Complaint in the Securities Class Action.
The plaintiff purports to assert claims against the individual
defendants on behalf of the Company for breach of fiduciary duty,
unjust enrichment, abuse of control, gross mismanagement and waste
of corporate assets. The complaint in the Derivative Action seeks
unspecified damages, interest, attorneys  fees and other
costs, and certain amendments to the Company s
 corporate governance and internal procedures . On June
30, 2016, the Court entered a stipulated order, among other things,
staying the Derivative Action until 30 days after either: (a) the
entry of any order denying any motion to dismiss the Derivative
Action in the Securities Class Action, or (b) the entry of a final
order dismissing the Securities Class Action with
prejudice.  

We
believe that we have substantial legal and factual defenses to the
claims in the Securities Class Action and the Derivative Action and
intends to continue vigorously defending those cases. 

34 

Item
6.  

  Exhibits. 

The
following is a list of exhibits filed as part of this Form
10-Q: 

Exhibit Number   

Description   

31.1  

Certification of
Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002.* 

32.1  

Certification of
Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.* 

101 

The
following materials from CorMedix Inc. Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in Extensible Business
Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance
Sheets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
(ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and
Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iii) Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, (iv) Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, and (v) Notes to the Unaudited Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements.** 

_____________ 

*  

  Filed
herewith. 

**  

  Pursuant to Rule
406T of Regulation S-T, the Interactive Data Files in Exhibit 101
hereto are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or
prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, are deemed not filed for purposes of Section
18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and
otherwise are not subject to liability under those
sections. 

35 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

CORMEDIX
INC. 

Date: 
 November 9,
2016 

By:   

/s/  
 Khoso
Baluch 

Name:  
 Khoso
Baluch 

Title: 
 Chief
Executive Officer   (Principal
Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting
Officer) 

36 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit Number   

Description   

31.1  

Certification of
Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002.* 

32.1  

Certification of
Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.* 

101 

The
following materials from CorMedix Inc. Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in Extensible Business
Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance
Sheets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
(ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and
Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iii) Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, (iv) Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, and (v) Notes to the Unaudited Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements.** 

_____________ 

*  

  Filed
herewith. 

**  

  Pursuant to Rule
406T of Regulation S-T, the Interactive Data Files in Exhibit 101
hereto are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or
prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, are deemed not filed for purposes of Section
18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and
otherwise are not subject to liability under those
sections. 

37 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 crmd_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLY ACT OF 2002

Blueprint 

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION
OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER 

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Khoso Baluch, certify that: 

1. 

  I have reviewed
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of CorMedix Inc.; 

2. 

  Based on my
knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. 

  Based on my
knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
this report; 

4. 

  The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and
have: 

a) 

  Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

  Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

  Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) 

  Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
and 

5. 

  The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

  All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to
record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b) 

  Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who
have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date:
November 9, 2016  
 
  By:   

/s/  
 Khoso
Baluch 

Name:  
 
 Khoso
Baluch  

Title:  

Chief Executive
Officer  

(Principal
Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting
Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 crmd_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 18 U.S.C. PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Blueprint 

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION
OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER 

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of CorMedix Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the  Company ), on Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ),
I, Khoso Baluch, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my
knowledge: 

1. 

  The Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 

  The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date:
November 9, 2016  
 
  By:   

/s/  
 Khoso
Baluch 

Name:  
 
 Khoso
Baluch  

Title:  

Chief Executive
Officer  

(Principal
Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting
Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 crmd-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 crmd-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 crmd-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 crmd-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 crmd-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 crmd-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

