<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1424879_0001387131-16-007927_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4788446</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>171354</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>315944</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1023913</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2001734</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1184385</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>41</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001387131-16-007927.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114124211
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001387131-16-007927
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		66
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Moody National REIT I, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001424879
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55200
		FILM NUMBER:		161992846

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6363 WOODWAY DRIVE, SUITE 110
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77057
		BUSINESS PHONE:		713-977-7500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6363 WOODWAY DRIVE, SUITE 110
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77057

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001387131-16-007927.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 mnrti-10q_093016.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED
STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549   

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One)  

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  

OR  

For the transition period from _________to ___________  

Commission file number 000-55200  

MOODY NATIONAL REIT I, INC.  

  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified
in Its Charter)  

(713) 977-7500  
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant:
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes       No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). Yes       No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filed, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large Accelerated filer     
     Accelerated filer      

Non-Accelerated filer     
     Smaller reporting company      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
Yes       No     

As of November 3, 2016, there were 13,307,394
shares of the Registrant s common stock issued and outstanding. 

MOODY NATIONAL REIT I, INC.  
 INDEX  

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
       
      Page   

Item 1.  
      Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
       
     2  

Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited) as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
       
     2  

Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
       
     3  

Consolidated Statement of Equity (unaudited) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  
       
     4  

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
       
     5  

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)  
       
     6  

Item 2.  
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
       
     26  

Item 3.  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
       
     39  

Item 4.  
      Controls and Procedures  
       
     39  

PART II OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
      Legal Proceedings  
       
     40  

Item 1A.  
      Risk Factors  
       
     40  

Item 2.  
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
       
     40  

Item 3.  
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
       
     41  

Item 4.  
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
       
     41  

Item 5.  
      Other Information  
       
     41  

Item 6.  
      Exhibits  
       
     42  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.             FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

MOODY NATIONAL REIT I, INC.  
   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
 (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

MOODY NATIONAL REIT I, INC.  
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  
 (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

MOODY NATIONAL REIT I, INC.  
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EQUITY  
 Nine months ended September 30, 2016  
 (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

MOODY NATIONAL REIT I, INC.  
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
 (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

Moody National REIT I, Inc.  
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
 September 30, 2016  
 (unaudited)  

1.    Organization  

Moody National REIT I, Inc. (the  Company )
was formed on January 15, 2008 as a Maryland corporation and elected to qualify as a real estate investment trust ( REIT )
commencing with the year ended December 31, 2011. The Company was organized to acquire a diverse portfolio of real properties,
primarily in the hospitality sector, as well as other commercial properties, real estate securities and debt-related investments.
The Company was initially capitalized with the sale of shares of its common stock to Moody National REIT Sponsor, LLC ( Sponsor )
on February 19, 2008. The Company s fiscal year end is December 31. For more information on the Company s capitalization,
see Note 6 ( Equity ). 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company owned
(1) ten hotel properties located in Texas, Tennessee, South Carolina and Pennsylvania, comprising a total of 1,273 rooms, (2) a
joint venture interest in a 227-suite hotel property located in Lyndhurst, New Jersey and a joint venture interest in a 95-suite
hotel property in Fort Worth, Texas, (3) a loan in the aggregate principal amount of $9,000,000 originated to an affiliate of Sponsor
used to acquire a commercial property located in Katy, Texas and (4) a loan in the aggregate principal amount of $4,500,000 originated
to an affiliate of Sponsor used to acquire a commercial property located in Houston, Texas. For more information on the Company s
portfolio, see Notes 3 ( Investment in Hotel Properties ) and 4 ( Notes Receivable ). 

On April 15, 2009, the Company commenced
its initial public offering (the  Initial Public Offering ) pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-11 with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) to offer a maximum of $1,000,000,000 in shares of its common stock
to the public in its primary offering and up to $100,000,000 in shares of its common stock to its stockholders pursuant to its
distribution reinvestment plan (the  DRIP ). The Company accepted subscriptions for, and issued, 1,126,253 shares of
its common stock in its Initial Public Offering, including 29,582 shares of common stock pursuant to the DRIP, resulting in aggregate
gross offering proceeds of $10,966,713. On October 12, 2012, the Company terminated its Initial Public Offering. 

On October 12, 2012, the Company commenced
its follow-on public offering (the  Follow-On Offering ) of up to $1,000,000,000 in shares of the Company s common
stock, comprised of up to $900,000,000 in shares offered to the public in the primary offering and up to $100,000,000 in shares
offered to its stockholders pursuant to the DRIP. Effective February 20, 2015, the Company terminated the offer and sale of shares
to the public in the primary portion of the Follow-On Offering, but continued to offer shares of common stock pursuant to the DRIP.
As of the termination of the Follow-On Offering, the Company had accepted investors  subscriptions for, and issued, 11,720,956
shares of its common stock in the Follow-On Offering, including 510,457 shares of common stock issued pursuant to the DRIP, resulting
in aggregate gross offering proceeds of $112,104,990. On November 4, 2015, the Company filed a new registration statement to register
the sale of up to $25,000,000 in shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the DRIP ( DRIP Offering ).
The Company continues to offer shares of common stock pursuant to the DRIP Offering. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had
accepted subscriptions for, and issued, 12,847,209 shares of common stock in the Company s Initial Public Offering and Follow-On
Offering, including 540,039 shares of common stock pursuant to the DRIP, resulting in aggregate gross offering proceeds of $123,071,703.
As of September 30, 2016, the Company had sold 357,587 shares pursuant to the DRIP in the DRIP Offering, and 2,142,413 shares of
common stock remained available for sale pursuant to the DRIP Offering. 

Subject to the proposed merger described
below, the Company intends to use substantially all of the remaining net proceeds from the foregoing offerings and the proceeds
from any other offering of the Company s securities that the Company may conduct in the future to continue to acquire a diversified
portfolio of real properties, real estate securities and debt-related investments. The Company intends to continue to invest primarily
in hotel properties located in the United States and Canada that it owns exclusively or in joint ventures or other co-ownership
arrangements with other persons. The Company may also invest in other property types consisting of multifamily, office, retail
and industrial assets located in the United States and Canada as well as securities of real estate companies and debt-related investments.
The Company may also make opportunistic investments in properties that may be under-developed or newly constructed and in properties
that it believes are undervalued. 

On March 24, 2016, the Company s
board of directors determined an estimated value per share of the Company s common stock of $10.75 as of December 31, 2015.
In connection with the determination of an estimated per share value, on March 24, 2016 the Company s board of directors
also determined to increase the purchase price of shares offered pursuant to the DRIP to $10.21, which became effective as of May
1, 2016. On October 13, 2016, the Company s board of directors determined to suspend the DRIP. The suspension of the DRIP
will become effective beginning with distributions made in November 2016 and will remain in effect unless and until the DRIP resumes,
as determined by the Company s board of directors. In the future, the Company s board of directors may, in its sole
discretion and from time to time, change the price at which it offers shares pursuant to the DRIP to reflect changes in the Company s
estimated value per share and other factors that the board of directors deems relevant. 

6  

Moody National REIT I, Inc.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
 September 30, 2016  
 (unaudited)  

Also on March 24, 2016, the Company s
board of directors approved the formation of a special committee of two of the Company s independent directors (the  Special
Committee ), to consider potential strategic transactions. The Special Committee s responsibilities include (i) the
identification and investigation of potential strategic transactions, (ii) conducting negotiations with respect to any strategic
transactions, (iii) the review and analysis of potential strategic transactions and (iv) making recommendations to the board of
directors concerning any strategic transactions. The Special Committee is authorized to engage experts and advisors in connection
with the foregoing responsibilities. In addition, in connection with the formation of the Special Committee, on March 24, 2016,
the board of directors elected to suspend the Company s share redemption program, which became effective as of May 6, 2016. 

On September 27, 2016, the Company jointly
announced with Moody National REIT II, Inc. ( REIT II ) that the Special Committee, after reviewing strategic alternatives,
had accepted a non-binding Letter of Intent (the  LOI ) from the special committee of the board of directors of REIT
II regarding the acquisition of the Company by REIT II. Pending receipt of the necessary approvals, the acquisition would take
the form of a merger, with gross merger consideration of $11.00 per share of the Company s common stock before the payment
of disposition fees and profit sharing amounts payable to Sponsor, financial advisory and legal fees payable by the Company, and
other transaction and closing costs incurred by the Company; provided, that in no event would the net merger consideration payable
to the holders of the Company s common stock be less than $10.25 per share. Further, the LOI provides that the Company s
stockholders would have the option to receive shares of REIT II common stock or cash; provided, that no more than approximately
50% of the aggregate net merger consideration may be paid in cash. The LOI also provides that any definitive merger agreement would
include go-shop and termination fee provisions. Entry into a definitive merger agreement with respect to the proposed merger is
subject to a number of conditions, and there is no guarantee that a transaction pursuant to the LOI will occur. The Company s
management will expend time and resources in the negotiation of a definitive merger agreement, which time and resources may otherwise
have been allocated to other operational needs of the Company. Additionally, the LOI is non-binding and there will be no contract
or agreement regarding a transaction between the Company and REIT II until a definitive merger agreement is signed. Even if a definitive
merger agreement is entered into, there can be no assurance as to whether or when the conditions to the closing of the proposed
merger will be satisfied or waived, or as to whether or when the proposed merger will be consummated. 

The Company s advisor is Moody National
Advisor I, LLC ( Advisor ), a Delaware limited liability company and an affiliate of Sponsor. Subject to certain restrictions
and limitations, Advisor is responsible for managing the Company s affairs on a day-to-day basis and for identifying and
making acquisitions and investments on behalf of the Company pursuant to an amended and restated advisory agreement (the  Advisory
Agreement ), by and among the Company, Moody National Operating Partnership I, L.P., the Company s operating partnership
(the  OP ), and Advisor. 

The OP s partnership agreement provides
that the OP will be operated in a manner that will enable the Company to (1) satisfy the requirements for being classified as a
REIT for tax purposes, (2) avoid any federal income or excise tax liability and (3) ensure that the OP will not be classified as
a  publicly traded partnership  for purposes of Section 7704 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
 Internal Revenue Code ), which classification could result in the OP being taxed as a corporation rather than as a
partnership. In addition to the administrative and operating costs and expenses incurred by the OP in acquiring and operating real
estate assets, the OP will pay all of the Company s administrative costs and expenses, and such expenses will be treated
as expenses of the OP. The common units of the OP may be tendered for redemption once they have been outstanding for at least one
year. At such time, the Company has the option to redeem the common units for shares of the Company s common stock, cash
or a combination thereof at the Company s sole discretion. The special units of the OP (the  Special Units )
held by an affiliate of Advisor will be redeemed pursuant to the OP s partnership agreement upon the termination or nonrenewal
of the Advisory Agreement or upon certain other events outside of the control of the Special Unit holder. Upon the termination
or nonrenewal of the Advisory Agreement by the Company for  cause  (as defined in the Advisory Agreement), all of the
Special Units will be redeemed for $1.00. As described in more detail in Note 9 ( Subordinated Participation Interest ),
upon the occurrence of any of the other events which trigger redemption of the Special Units, the Special Units will be redeemed,
at Advisor s option, for shares of the Company s common stock, a non-interest bearing promissory note payable solely
from the proceeds of asset sales, or a combination thereof. 

2.    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

Basis of Presentation and Principles
of Consolidation   

The Company s consolidated financial
statements include its accounts and the accounts of its subsidiaries over which it has control. All intercompany balances and transactions
are eliminated in consolidation. 

7  

Moody National REIT
I, Inc.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
 September 30, 2016  
 (unaudited)  

The Company includes the accounts of its
consolidated subsidiaries in its consolidated financial statements when the Company is the primary beneficiary for entities deemed
to be variable interest entities ( VIEs ) through which the Company has a controlling interest. Interests in entities
acquired are evaluated based on U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ), which requires the consolidation
of VIEs in which the Company is deemed to have the controlling financial interest. The Company has the controlling financial interest
if the Company has the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact its economic performance and the
obligation to absorb losses or receive benefits from the VIE that could be significant to the Company. If the interest in the entity
is determined not to be a VIE, then the entity is evaluated for consolidation based on legal form, economic substance and the extent
to which the Company has control or substantive participating rights under the respective ownership agreement. There are judgments
and estimates involved in determining if an entity in which the Company has an investment is a VIE. The entity is evaluated to
determine if it is a VIE by determining, among other things, if the equity investors as a group have a controlling financial interest
in the entity and if the entity has sufficient equity at risk to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial
support. The Company did not have a VIE interest as of September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. 

The accompanying unaudited consolidated
financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with GAAP for interim financial statements and the rules and
regulations of the SEC. Accordingly, the unaudited consolidated financial statements do not include all of the information and
footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal
recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. Operating results for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016. For
further information, readers should refer to the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, which was filed with the SEC on March 30, 2016. 

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of consolidated financial
statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the
accompanying consolidated financial statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Organization and Offering Costs   

Organization and offering costs of the
Company are paid directly by the Company or may be incurred by Advisor on behalf of the Company. Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement,
the Company is obligated to reimburse Advisor or its affiliates, as applicable, for organization and offering costs incurred by
Advisor associated with each of the Company s public offerings, provided that within 60 days of the last day of the month
in which a public offering ends, Advisor is obligated to reimburse the Company to the extent organization and offering costs incurred
by the Company in connection with the completed public offering exceed 15.0% of the gross offering proceeds from the sale of the
Company s shares of common stock in the completed public offering. Such organization and offering costs include selling commissions
and dealer manager fees paid to a dealer manager, legal, accounting, printing and other offering expenses, including marketing,
salaries and direct expenses of Advisor s employees and employees of Advisor s affiliates and others. Any reimbursement
of Advisor or its affiliates for organization and offering costs will not exceed actual expenses incurred by Advisor. 

All offering costs, including selling commissions
and dealer manager fees, are recorded as an offset to additional paid-in capital, and all organization costs are recorded as an
expense when the Company has an obligation to reimburse Advisor. 

The Company terminated its Follow-On Offering
on February 20, 2015. Total offering costs for the Follow-On Offering were $14,121,598, comprised of $11,396,735 of offering costs
for that offering incurred directly by the Company and $2,724,863 in offering costs incurred by and reimbursable to Advisor. As
of September 30, 2016, total offering costs for the DRIP Offering were $124,000. The Company directly incurred $0 of offering costs
for the DRIP Offering and $124,000 in reimbursable costs to Advisor. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had $0 payable to Advisor
for reimbursable offering costs related to the Follow-On Offering and DRIP Offering. Offering costs related to the Follow-On Offering
did not exceed 15.0% of the gross offering proceeds from the sale of the Company s shares of common stock in that offering.
The Company has not reimbursed Advisor any funds for organization costs for the Follow-On Offering. 

Income Taxes   

The Company has made an election to be
taxed as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code commencing with the taxable year ended December 31,
2011. Prior to qualifying for taxation as a REIT, the Company was subject to normal federal and state corporation income taxes. 

8  

Moody National REIT
I, Inc.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
 September 30, 2016  
 (unaudited)  

As a REIT, the Company generally will not
be subject to federal corporate income tax to the extent it distributes its REIT taxable income to its stockholders, so long as
it distributes at least 90% of its REIT taxable income (which is computed without regard to the dividends-paid deduction or net
capital gain and which does not necessarily equal net income as calculated in accordance with GAAP) and satisfy the other organizational
and operational requirements for REIT qualification. Even if the Company qualifies for taxation as a REIT, it may be subject to
certain state and local taxes on its income and property, and federal income and excise taxes on its undistributed income. The
Company leases the hotels it acquires to wholly-owned taxable REIT subsidiaries ( TRSs ) that are subject to federal,
state and local income taxes. 

The Company accounts for income taxes of
its TRSs using the asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax
consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and
their respective tax bases. The Company records a valuation allowance for net deferred tax assets that are not expected to be realized. 

The Company has reviewed tax positions
under GAAP guidance that clarify the relevant criteria and approach for the recognition and measurement of uncertain tax positions.
The guidance prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition of a tax position
taken, or expected to be taken, in a tax return. A tax position may only be recognized in the consolidated financial statements
if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination. The Company had no material uncertain tax
positions as of September 30, 2016. 

The preparation of the Company s
various tax returns requires the use of estimates for federal and state income tax purposes. These estimates may be subjected to
review by the respective taxing authorities. A revision to an estimate may result in an assessment of additional taxes, penalties
and interest. At this time, a range in which the Company s estimates may change is not expected to be material. The Company
will account for interest and penalties relating to uncertain tax provisions in the current period results of operations, if necessary.
The Company has tax years 2011 through 2015 remaining subject to examination by various federal and state tax jurisdictions. 

Fair Value Measurement   

Fair value measures are classified into
a three-tiered fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: 

Level 1:  Observable inputs, such as quoted prices in active
markets. 

Level 2:  Directly or indirectly observable inputs, other than
quoted prices in active markets. 

Level 3:  Unobservable inputs for which there is little or no
market data, which require a reporting entity to develop its own assumptions. 

Assets and liabilities measured at fair value are based on one or more of the following valuation techniques:  

Market approach: 
     Prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities.  

Cost approach: 
     Amount required to replace the service capacity of an asset (replacement cost).  

Income approach: 
     Techniques used to convert future income amounts to a single amount based on market expectations (including present-value, option-pricing, and excess-earnings models).  

The Company s estimates of fair value
were determined using available market information and appropriate valuation methods. Considerable judgment is necessary to interpret
market data and develop estimated fair value. The use of different market assumptions or estimation methods may have a material
effect on the estimated fair value amounts. The Company classifies assets and liabilities in the fair value hierarchy based on
the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

The Company elected not to use the fair
value option in recording its financial instruments, which include cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable,
notes receivable, notes payable, and accounts payable and accrued expenses. With the exception of the Company s fixed-rate
notes payable, the carrying amounts of these financial instruments approximate their fair values due to their short-term nature
or variable interest rates. For fair value of the Company s notes payable, see Note 5 ( Debt ). 

9  

Moody National REIT I, Inc.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
 September 30, 2016  
 (unaudited)   

Concentration of Credit Risk   

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had
cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash deposited in certain financial institutions in excess of federally insured levels.
The Company diversifies its cash and cash equivalents with several banking institutions in an attempt to minimize exposure to any
one of these institutions. The Company regularly monitors the financial stability of these financial institutions and believes
that it is not exposed to any significant credit risk in cash and cash equivalents or restricted cash. 

The Company is also exposed to credit risk
with respect to its notes receivable from related parties. The failure of the borrowers on the notes receivable from related parties
to make payments of interest and principal when due, or any other event of default under the notes receivable from related parties,
would have an adverse impact on the Company s results of operations. 

Valuation and Allocation of Real
Property   Acquisition   

Upon acquisition, the purchase price of
a hotel property is allocated to the tangible assets acquired, consisting of land, buildings and furniture, fixtures and equipment,
any assumed debt, identified intangible assets and asset retirement obligations, if any, based on their fair values. Acquisition
costs are charged to expense as incurred. Initial valuations are subject to change during the measurement period, but the measurement
period ends as soon as the information is available. The measurement period shall not exceed one year from the acquisition date. 

The tangible assets acquired consist of
land, buildings, furniture, fixtures and equipment. Land values are derived from appraisals, and buildings are calculated as replacement
cost less depreciation or estimates of the relative fair value of these assets using discounted cash flow analyses or similar methods.
The value of furniture, fixtures and equipment is based on their fair value using replacement costs less depreciation. Any difference
between the fair value of the hotel property acquired and the purchase price of the hotel property is recorded as goodwill or a
gain on acquisition of hotel property. 

The Company determines the fair value of
assumed debt by calculating the net present value of the scheduled mortgage payments using interest rates for debt with similar
terms and remaining maturities that the Company believes it could obtain at the date of acquisition. Any difference between the
fair value and stated value of the assumed debt is recorded as a discount or premium and amortized over the remaining life of the
loan as interest expense. 

In allocating the purchase price of each
of the Company s properties, the Company makes assumptions and uses various estimates, including, but not limited to, the
estimated useful lives of the assets, the cost of replacing certain assets and discount rates used to determine present values.
Many of these estimates are obtained from independent third party appraisals. However, the Company is responsible for the source
and use of these estimates. These estimates are based on judgments and subject to being imprecise; accordingly, if different estimates
and assumptions were used, the valuation of the various categories of the Company s hotel properties or related intangibles
could in turn result in a difference in the depreciation or amortization expense recorded in the Company s consolidated financial
statements. These variances could be material to the Company s results of operations and financial condition. 

Valuation and Allocation of Real
Property   Ownership   

Investment in hotel properties is recorded
at cost less accumulated depreciation. Major improvements that extend the life of an asset are capitalized and depreciated over
a period equal to the shorter of the life of the improvement or the remaining useful life of the asset. The cost of ordinary repairs
and maintenance are charged to expense when incurred. 

Depreciation or amortization expenses are
computed using the straight-line and accelerated methods based upon the following estimated useful lives: 

10  

Moody National REIT
I, Inc.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
 September 30, 2016  
 (unaudited)  

The Company designates a hotel property
as held for sale when the sale is probable within the next twelve months. Generally, the Company considers a sale to be probable
when a buyer completes its due diligence review, the Company has an executed contract for sale and the Company has received a substantial
non-refundable deposit. 

Impairments   

The Company monitors events and changes
in circumstances indicating that the carrying amounts of the hotel properties that it owns may not be recoverable. When such events
or changes in circumstances are present, the Company assesses potential impairment by comparing estimated future undiscounted cash
flows expected to be generated over the life of the asset from operating activities and from its eventual disposition, to the carrying
amount of the asset. In the event that the carrying amount exceeds the estimated future undiscounted cash flows, the Company recognizes
an impairment loss to adjust the carrying amount of the asset to estimated fair value for assets held for use and fair value less
costs to sell for assets held for sale. There were no such impairment losses for the three or nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015. 

In evaluating the Company s hotel
properties for impairment, the Company makes several estimates and assumptions, including, but not limited to, the projected date
of disposition of the properties, the estimated future cash flows of the properties during the Company s ownership and the
projected sales price of each of the properties. A change in these estimates and assumptions could result in a change in the estimated
undiscounted cash flows or fair value of the Company s hotel properties, which could in turn result in different conclusions
regarding impairment and material changes to the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Revenue Recognition   

Hotel revenues, including room, food, beverage
and other ancillary revenues, are recognized as the related services are delivered. Interest income is recognized when earned.
Revenue is recorded net of any sales and other taxes collected from customers. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents   

Cash and cash equivalents represent cash
on hand or held in banks and short-term investments with an initial maturity of three months or fewer at the date of purchase. 

Restricted Cash   

Restricted cash includes reserves for debt
service, property taxes and insurance, as well as reserves for property improvements and replacement of furniture, fixtures and
equipment, as required by certain management or mortgage debt agreement restrictions and provisions. 

Accounts Receivable   

The Company takes into consideration certain
factors that require judgments to be made as to the collectability of receivables. Collectability factors taken into consideration
are the amounts outstanding, payment history and financial strength of the customer, which taken as a whole determines the valuation.
Ongoing credit evaluations are performed and an allowance for potential credit losses is provided against the portion of accounts
receivable that is estimated to be uncollectible. 

Impairment of Notes Receivable   

The Company reviews the notes receivable
for impairment in each reporting period pursuant to the applicable authoritative accounting guidance. A loan is impaired when,
based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts recorded as assets
on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company applies normal loan review and underwriting procedures (as may be implemented or
modified from time to time) in making that judgment. 

When a loan is impaired, the Company measures
impairment based on the present value of expected cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate against the
value of the asset recorded on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company may also measure impairment based on a loan s
observable market price or the fair value of collateral, if the loan is collateral dependent. If a loan is deemed to be impaired,
the Company records a valuation allowance through a charge to earnings for any shortfall. The Company s assessment of impairment
is based on considerable judgment and estimates. The Company did not record a valuation allowance during the three or nine months
ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. 

11  

Moody National REIT I, Inc.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
 September 30, 2016  
 (unaudited)  

Prepaid Expenses and Other Assets   

Prepaid expenses include prepaid property
insurance and hotel operating expenses. Other assets include accrued interest receivable and the deferred income tax asset. 

Earnest money and Deposits   

Earnest money and deposits includes earnest
money, rate-lock deposits and expense deposits for future acquisitions. 

Deferred Franchise Costs   

Deferred franchise costs are recorded at
cost and amortized over the term of the respective franchise contract on a straight-line basis. Accumulated amortization of deferred
franchise costs was $128,027 and $79,651 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Expected future amortization
of deferred franchise costs as of September 30, 2016 is as follows: 

Debt Issuance Costs   

In accordance with ASU No. 2015-03,  Simplifying
the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs,  debt issuance costs are presented as a direct deduction from the carrying value
of the notes payable on the consolidated balance sheets. All periods presented have been reclassified to conform with this presentation.
Debt issuance costs are amortized as a component of interest expense over the term of the related debt using the straight-line
method, which approximates the interest method. Accumulated amortization of deferred costs was $1,079,963 and $630,688 as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Expected future amortization of debt issuance costs as of September 30, 2016 is as
follows: 

Earnings (Loss) per Share   

Earnings (loss) per share ( EPS )
is calculated based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding during each period. Basic and diluted EPS are the same
for all periods presented. Non-vested shares of restricted stock, totaling 0 and 2,500 shares as of September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively, held by the Company s independent directors are included in the calculation of basic EPS because such shares
have been issued and participate in dividends. 

Comprehensive Income   

For the periods presented, there were no
differences between reported net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders and comprehensive income (loss). 

12  

Moody National REIT I, Inc.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
 September 30, 2016  
 (unaudited)  

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-01,  Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Liabilities,  which enhances the reporting requirements
surrounding the measurement of financial instruments and requires equity securities to be measured at fair value with changes in
the fair value recognized through net income. ASU No. 2016-01 is effective for the Company s fiscal year commencing on January
1, 2018. The Company does not anticipate that the adoption of ASU No. 2016-01 will have a material effect on the Company s
consolidated financial position or the Company s consolidated results of operations. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-02,  Leases,  which changes lessee accounting to reflect the financial liability and right-of-use asset that are
inherent to leasing an asset on the balance sheet. ASU No. 2016-02 is effective for the Company s fiscal year commencing
on January 1, 2019, but early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2016-02 will have on the Company s
consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. The Company has not yet selected a transition date nor has the
Company determined the effect of ASU No. 2016-02 on the Company s consolidated financial position or the Company s
consolidated results of operations. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting,  which simplifies the accounting for income taxes
for certain equity-based awards to employees. ASU No. 2016-09 is effective for the Company s fiscal year commencing on January
1, 2017. The Company does not anticipate that the adoption of ASU No. 2016-09 will have a material effect on the Company s
consolidated financial position or the Company s consolidated results of operations. 

13  

Moody National REIT I, Inc.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
 September 30, 2016  
 (unaudited)  

3.    Investment in Hotel Properties    

The following table sets forth summary
information regarding the Company s investments in hotel properties as of September 30, 2016: 

(1)  Excludes closing costs.   

(3)  The Lyndhurst Hotel is owned by MN Lyndhurst Venture, LLC (the  Lyndhurst Joint Venture ).
The OP contributed $100 to the Lyndhurst Joint Venture in exchange for 100% of the Class B membership interests of the Lyndhurst
Joint Venture (the  Lyndhurst Class B Interests ). Pursuant to the operating agreement of the Lyndhurst Joint Venture,
the OP also agreed to pay up to $5.37 million in costs and fees and capital reserve requirements associated with the transfer of
the Lyndhurst Hotel to the Lyndhurst Joint Venture, all of which amounts are deemed to be additional capital contributions by the
OP to the Lyndhurst Joint Venture in exchange for additional Lyndhurst Class B Interests. The prior tenant-in-common owners of
the Lyndhurst Hotel (the  Lyndhurst TIC Owners ) contributed their tenant-in-common ownership interests in the Lyndhurst
Hotel (valued at $1,000 in the aggregate) to the Lyndhurst Joint Venture in exchange for non-voting Class A membership interests
of the Lyndhurst Joint Venture (the  Lyndhurst Class A Interests ). The OP serves as the sole manager of the Lyndhurst
Joint Venture and manages the business and affairs of the Lyndhurst Joint Venture. Cash available for distribution to the members
of the Lyndhurst Joint Venture will be distributed as follows: (1) first, 100% to the OP until it has received cash distributions
equal to a 12% annual, cumulative, non-compounded return on its capital contributions to the Lyndhurst Joint Venture and a return
of 100% of its unreturned capital contributions to the Lyndhurst Joint Venture, (2) next, 100% to the holders of the Lyndhurst
Class A Interests until they have received a return of 100% of their capital contributions to the Lyndhurst Joint Venture (valued
at $1,000 in the aggregate), and (3) next, 60% to the OP and 40% to the holders of the Lyndhurst Class A Interests.   

(4)  The Fort Worth Hotel is owned by MN Fort Worth Venture, LLC (the  Fort Worth Joint Venture ).
The OP contributed $100 to the Fort Worth Joint Venture in exchange for 100% of the Class B membership interests of the Fort Worth
Joint Venture (the  Fort Worth Class B Interests ). Pursuant to the operating agreement of the Fort Worth Joint Venture,
the OP also agreed to pay up to $3.146 million in costs and fees and capital reserve requirements associated with the transfer
of the Fort Worth Hotel to the Fort Worth Joint Venture, all of which amounts are deemed to be additional capital contributions
by the OP to the Fort Worth Joint Venture in exchange for additional Fort Worth Class B Interests. The prior tenant-in-common owners
of the Fort Worth Hotel (the  Fort Worth TIC Owners ) contributed their tenant-in-common ownership interests in the
Fort Worth Hotel (valued at $1,000 in the aggregate) to the Fort Worth Joint Venture in exchange for non-voting Class A membership
interests of the Fort Worth Joint Venture (the  Fort Worth Class A Interests ). The OP serves as the sole manager of
the Fort Worth Joint Venture and manages the business and affairs of the Fort Worth Joint Venture. Cash available for distribution
to the members of the Fort Worth Joint Venture will be distributed as follows: (1) first, 100% to the OP until it has received
cash distributions equal to a 12% annual, cumulative, non-compounded return on its capital contributions to the Fort Worth Joint
Venture and a return of 100% of its unreturned capital contributions to the Fort Worth Joint Venture, (2) next, 100% to the holders
of the Fort Worth Class A Interests until they have received a return of 100% of their capital contributions to the Fort Worth
Joint Venture (valued at $1,000 in the aggregate), and (3) next, 50% to the OP and 50% to the holders of the Fort Worth Class A
Interests.   

14  

Moody National REIT I, Inc.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
 September 30, 2016  
 (unaudited)  

Investments in hotel properties consisted
of the following at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

The following unaudited pro forma
consolidated financial information for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is presented as if the
Company acquired the Great Valley Hotel, the Nashville Hotel, the Homewood Suites Austin Hotel, the Fort Worth Hotel and the
Houston Hotel as of January 1, 2015 and excludes the operations of and the gain from the sale of a hotel property located in
Newark, California sold in 2015. This information is not necessarily indicative of what the actual results of operations
would have been had the Company completed the acquisition of the Great Valley Hotel, the Nashville Hotel, the Homewood
Suites Austin Hotel, the Fort Worth Hotel and the Houston Hotel as of January 1, 2015, nor does it purport to represent
the Company s future operations: 

4.    Notes Receivable    

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, mortgage note receivable amounts were $0 and $11,839,171, respectively. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the
amounts of notes receivable from related parties were $13,500,000 and $9,000,000, respectively. 

Hyatt Place Note   

On June 3, 2011 (the  Closing Date ),
and effective as of May 5, 2011 (the  Effective Date ), the Company acquired a 74.5% joint venture interest in a mortgage
note secured by a hotel property in Grapevine, Texas (the  Hyatt Place Note ) pursuant to the transaction described
below. The Hyatt Place Note was issued by Moody National HP Grapevine Trust, a Delaware statutory trust (the  Trust ),
in favor of Patriot Bank, a Texas banking association ( Patriot Bank ), and is secured by a lien on the underlying
hotel property. As of the Closing Date, the Hyatt Place Note had an outstanding principal balance of $12,759,199. 

As of September 30, 2016, the OP s
membership interest in the Note Joint Venture was 74.5%, the Trust Members  membership interest in the Note Joint Venture
was 11.5% and Moody National Mortgage s membership interest in the Note Joint Venture was 14%. 

15  

Moody National REIT I, Inc.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
 September 30, 2016  
 (unaudited)  

The entire unpaid principal balance of
the Hyatt Place Note and all accrued and unpaid interest thereon was due and payable in full on February 1, 2018 (the  Maturity
Date ). The Hyatt Place Note accrued interest at a fixed rate of 5.15% per annum from the Closing Date through August 21,
2012 (the  First Change Date ). For the period from the First Change Date through August 21, 2015 (the  Second
Change Date ), the Hyatt Place Note accrued interest at 5.15%, which is a fixed rate equal to (a) the variable interest rate
per annum published in  The Wall Street Journal  as the  Prime Rate  of 3.25% (the  Prime Rate ) in
effect as of the First Change Date, plus (b) 1.90%. For the period from the Second Change Date through the Maturity Date, the Hyatt
Place Note accrued interest at 5.15%, which is a fixed rate equal to (a) the Prime Rate in effect as of the Second Change Date,
plus (b) 1.90%, provided that in no event will the interest rate exceed the maximum interest rate permitted by applicable law. 

On June 10, 2016, the Hyatt Place Note
and the Acquisition Note and all accrued interest thereon were paid in full. 

The estimated fair value of the Hyatt Place
Note as of December 31, 2015 was $11,839,171. The fair value of the Hyatt Place Note was estimated based on discounted cash flow
analyses using the current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements as of the respective reporting
dates. The discounted cash flow method of assessing fair value results in a general approximation of value, and such value may
never actually be realized. 

Notes Receivable from Related Parties   

On August 21, 2015, the Company originated
an unsecured loan in the aggregate principal amount of $9,000,000 (the  Related Party Note ) to Moody National DST
Sponsor, LLC, a Texas limited liability company and an affiliate of Sponsor ( DST Sponsor ). Proceeds from the Related
Party Note were used by DST Sponsor solely to acquire a commercial real property located in Katy, Texas (the  Subject Property ). 

The entire unpaid principal balance of
the Related Party Note and all accrued and unpaid interest thereon and all other amounts due under the Related Party Note were
due and payable in full on the earlier of (1) August 21, 2016 or (2) ten days following the sale of 100% of the equity ownership
interests that are to be syndicated in the Subject Property. Interest on the outstanding principal balance of the Related Party
Note accrues at a fixed per annum rate equal to 12%, provided that in no event will the interest rate exceed the maximum rate permitted
by applicable law. DST Sponsor will pay the Company an origination fee in the amount of $90,000 and an exit fee in the amount of
$90,000 upon the maturity date of the Related Party Note, including any earlier prepayment date or accelerated maturity date of
the Related Party Note. The Related Party Note may be prepaid in whole or part by DST Sponsor without penalty at any time upon
prior written notice to the Company. 

On August 15, 2016, the maturity date of
the Related Party note was extended from August 21, 2016 to August 21, 2017 and the origination fee in the amount of $90,000 and
an extension fee in the amount of $45,000 were paid to the Company by DST Sponsor. 

On April 29, 2016, the Company originated
a loan in the aggregate principal amount of $4,500,000 (the  Related Party Mezzanine Note ) to Moody National Realty
Company, L.P., a Texas limited partnership and an affiliate of Sponsor ( Realty ). Proceeds from the Related Party
Mezzanine Note were used by Realty solely to acquire a multifamily real property located in Houston, Texas. 

The entire unpaid principal balance of
the Related Party Mezzanine Note and all accrued and unpaid interest thereon and all other amounts due under the Related Party
Mezzanine Note are due and payable in full on the earlier of (1) April 30, 2018, or (2) upon 90 days  written notice of acceleration
of the maturity date by the Company to Realty. Interest on the outstanding principal balance of the Related Party Mezzanine Note
accrues at a fixed per annum rate equal to 10%, provided that in no event will the interest rate exceed the maximum rate permitted
by applicable law. Realty will pay the Company an origination fee in the amount of $45,000 and an exit fee in the amount of $45,000
upon the maturity date of the Related Party Mezzanine Note, including any earlier prepayment date or accelerated maturity date.
The Related Party Mezzanine Note may be prepaid in whole or part by Realty without penalty at any time upon prior written notice
to the Company. 

The aggregate estimated fair value of
the notes receivable from related parties as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were $13,500,000 and $9,000,000, respectively. 

16  

Moody National REIT I, Inc.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
 September 30, 2016  
 (unaudited)  

The Company s aggregate borrowings
are reviewed by the Company s board of directors at least quarterly. Under the Company s Second Articles of Amendment
and Restatement (as amended, the  Charter ), the Company is prohibited from borrowing in excess of 300% of the value
of the Company s net assets.  Net assets  for purposes of this calculation is defined to be the Company s
total assets (other than intangibles), valued at cost prior to deducting depreciation, reserves for bad debts and other non-cash
reserves, less total liabilities. However, the Company may temporarily borrow in excess of these amounts if such excess is approved
by a majority of the Company s independent directors and disclosed to stockholders in the Company s next quarterly
report, along with an explanation for such excess. As of September 30, 2016, the Company s debt levels did not exceed 300%
of the value of the Company s net assets, as defined above. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, the Company s notes payable consisted of the following: 

The notes payable are secured by the respective
hotel properties and are payable in monthly installments of principal and interest. 

Maturities of notes payable as of September
30, 2016 are as follows: 

Each of the Lyndhurst Hotel Loan, the TownPlace
Suites Fort Worth Loan, and the Hampton Inn Houston Loan mature in 2017. 

The estimated fair value of the Company s
notes payable as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $175,000,000 and $177,000,000, respectively. The fair value of
notes payable was estimated based on discounted cash flow analyses using Level 2 inputs for the current incremental borrowing rates
for similar types of borrowing arrangements as of the respective reporting dates. The discounted cash flow method of assessing
fair value results in a general approximation of value, and such value may never actually be realized. 

17  

Moody National REIT I, Inc.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
 September 30, 2016  
 (unaudited)  

Capitalization   

Under the Charter, the Company has the authority to issue 400,000,000
shares of common stock and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock. All shares of common and preferred stock have a par value of $0.01
per share. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had issued 13,204,796 shares of common stock in the Company s public offerings,
including 897,625 shares issued pursuant to the DRIP. As of September 30, 2016, there were a total of 13,278,268 shares of the
Company s common stock issued and outstanding, including 22,222 shares sold to Sponsor and 51,250 shares of restricted stock,
as discussed in Note 8 ( Incentive Award Plan ). 

The Company s board of directors
is authorized to amend the Charter without the approval of the stockholders to increase the aggregate number of authorized shares
of capital stock or the number of shares of any class or series that the Company has authority to issue. 

Distributions   

The Company s board of directors
has authorized and declared a distribution to its stockholders that (1) accrues daily to the Company s stockholders of record
as of the close of business on each day; (2) is payable in cumulative amounts on or before the 15 th  day of each calendar
month and (3) is calculated at a rate of $0.002192 per share of the Company s common stock per day, which, if paid each day
over a 365-day period, is equivalent to an 8.0% annualized distribution rate based on a purchase price of $10.00 per share of common
stock. 

The following table summarizes distributions
paid in cash and pursuant to the DRIP for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

(1)  Amount of distributions paid in shares of common stock pursuant to the DRIP.   

In connection with the determination by
the Company s board of directors of an estimated value per share of $10.75 as of December 31, 2015, on March 24, 2016, the
Company s board of directors also determined to increase the purchase price of shares offered pursuant to the Company s
distribution reinvestment plan to $10.21 per share. On October 13, 2016, the Company s board of directors determined to suspend
the DRIP, beginning with distributions to be made in November 2016. See Note 1 ( Organization ). 

Noncontrolling Interest in Operating
Partnership   

Noncontrolling interest in the OP at September
30, 2016 was $6,629,185, which represented third-party ownership interests in the OP, and is reported in equity in the consolidated
balance sheets. Income (loss) from the OP attributable to these noncontrolling interests was $(69,797) and $42,159 for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and was $(128,865) and $36,136 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Noncontrolling Interest in Variable
Interest Entity   

Noncontrolling interest in Moody VIE at
September 30, 2016 was $0, which represented ownership interests in Moody VIE. Income (loss) from Moody VIE attributable to these
noncontrolling interests was $100,522 and $0 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and was $(15,745)
and $0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

18  

Moody National REIT
I, Inc.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
 September 30, 2016  
 (unaudited)  

   Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated
Joint Ventures   

Noncontrolling interests in consolidated
joint ventures at September 30, 2016 was $10,151, which represented third-party ownership interests in the Lyndhurst Joint Venture,
the Fort Worth Joint Venture, and the Note Joint Venture, and is reported in equity in the consolidated balance sheets. Income
from consolidated joint ventures attributable to these noncontrolling interests was $0 and $19,630 for the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and was $31,332 and $58,323 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

7.    Related Party Arrangements    

Advisor and certain affiliates of Advisor
received fees and compensation in connection with the Company s public offerings and have received and will continue to receive
fees and compensation in connection with the acquisition, management and sale of the Company s real estate investments. 

Selling Commissions and Dealer Manager
Fees   

Moody Securities, LLC ( Moody Securities ),
the dealer manager of the Company s Initial Public Offering and Follow-On Offering, received a selling commission of up to
6.5% of gross offering proceeds raised in those offerings, all or a portion of which could be re-allowed to participating broker-dealers.
In addition, the Company paid Moody Securities a dealer manager fee of up to 3.5% of gross offering proceeds raised in those offerings,
a portion of which could be re-allowed to participating broker-dealers. No selling commissions or dealer manager fee are paid for
sales pursuant to the DRIP. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had paid Moody Securities $746,368 and $8,646,755 in selling
commissions related to the Initial Public Offering and Follow-On Offering, respectively, and $190,626 and $2,455,643 in dealer
manager fees related to the Initial Public Offering and Follow-On Offering, respectively, which amounts have been recorded as a
reduction to additional paid-in capital in the consolidated balance sheets. 

Organization and Offering Costs   

Advisor and its affiliates will be reimbursed
up to 15.0% of offering proceeds for reimbursement of organization and offering expenses (including selling commissions and the
dealer manager fee payable to Moody Securities) not to exceed actual expenses incurred. Advisor will be responsible for the payment
of organization and offering expenses, other than selling commissions and dealer manager fees, to the extent they exceed 15.0%
of gross offering proceeds, without recourse against or reimbursement by the Company. As of September 30, 2016, Advisor and its
affiliates had incurred organization and offering expenses of approximately $3,214,000 related to the Initial Public Offering and
$2,849,000 related to the Follow-On Offering and the DRIP Offering. 

As of September 30, 2016, total offering
costs for the Follow-On Offering were $14,121,598. The Company directly incurred $11,396,735 of offering costs for the Follow-On
Offering and $2,724,863 in offering costs reimbursable to Advisor for the Follow-On Offering. As of September 30, 2016, total offering
costs for the DRIP Offering were $124,000. The Company directly incurred $0 of offering costs for the DRIP Offering and $124,000
in offering costs reimbursable to Advisor for the DRIP Offering. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had $0 payable to Advisor
for offering costs related to the Follow-On Offering and DRIP Offerings. As of September 30, 2016, offering costs related to the
Follow-On Offering did not exceed 15.0% of the gross offering proceeds from the sale of the Company s shares of common stock
in the Follow-On Offering. The Company has not reimbursed Advisor any funds for organization costs for the Follow-On Offering. 

Advisory Fees and Expense Reimbursement   

Acquisition Fee  

Advisor, or its affiliates, receives an
acquisition fee equal to 1.5% of (1) the cost of investments the Company acquires or (2) the Company s allocable cost of
investments acquired in a joint venture. With respect to investments in and originations of loans, Advisor will receive an origination
fee in lieu of an acquisition fee. The origination fee will equal 1.5% of the amount funded by the Company to invest in or originate
such loan. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company paid Advisor acquisition fees of $120,000 in connection with
the acquisition of the Houston Hotel. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company paid Advisor acquisition fees of
$1,369,500 in connection with the acquisition of the Great Valley Hotel, the Nashville Hotel and the Homewood Suites Austin Hotel.
Acquisition fees are recorded as property acquisition expenses in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. As
of September 30, 2016, the Company had not paid any origination fees to Advisor. 

19  

Moody National REIT I, Inc.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
 September 30, 2016  
 (unaudited)  

  Debt Financing Fee  

Advisor will receive a debt financing fee
of 1.0% of the amount available under any loan or line of credit made available to the Company. It is anticipated that Advisor
will pay some or all of these fees to third parties with whom it subcontracts to coordinate financing for the Company. For the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company paid $48,000 in debt financing fees to Advisor incurred in connection with the
acquisition of the Houston Hotel. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company paid $715,500 in debt financing fees
to Advisor for financing incurred in connection with the refinancing of the Woodlands Hotel and the acquisition of the Great Valley
Hotel, the Nashville Hotel and the Homewood Suites Austin Hotel. 

Asset Management Fee  

The Company pays Advisor a monthly asset
management fee of one-twelfth of 1.0% of the aggregate cost (before non-cash reserves and depreciation) of all real estate investments
held by the Company at month-end. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company incurred asset management
fees of $653,000 and $616,295, respectively, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company incurred asset
management fees of $1,970,589 and $1,456,694, respectively, payable to Advisor, which are recorded in corporate general and administrative
expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

Disposition Fee  

If Advisor provides a substantial amount
of services in connection with the sale of a property or other investment, Advisor or its affiliates also will be paid a disposition
fee equal to 3.0% of the contract sales price of each property or other investment sold, provided that total real estate commissions,
including the disposition fee, do not exceed 6.0% of the contract sales price. The Company did not pay Advisor any disposition
fees for the three or nine months ended September 30, 2016. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company
paid a disposition fee to Advisor in the amount of $551,250, or 2.25% of the contract sales price, in connection with the sale
of a hotel property in Newark, California. 

Operating Expense Reimbursement  

The Company will reimburse Advisor for
all operating expenses paid or incurred by Advisor in connection with the services provided to the Company, subject to the limitation
that the Company will not reimburse Advisor for any amount by which its operating expenses (including the asset management fee)
at the end of the four preceding fiscal quarters exceeds the greater of: (1) 2% of the Company s average invested assets,
or (2) 25% of the Company s net income determined without reduction for any additions to reserves for depreciation, bad debts
or other similar non-cash reserves and excluding any gain from the sale of the Company s assets for that period (the  2%/25%
Limitation ). Notwithstanding the above, the Company may reimburse Advisor for expenses in excess of this limitation if a
majority of the independent directors determines that such excess expenses are justified based on unusual and non-recurring factors.
For the four fiscal quarters ended September 30, 2016, total operating expenses of the Company were $4,508,400, which included
$3,296,119 in operating expenses incurred directly by the Company and $1,212,281 incurred by Advisor on behalf of the Company.
Of the $4,508,400 in total operating expenses incurred during the four fiscal quarters ended September 30, 2016, $0 exceeded the
2%/25% Limitation. The Company reimbursed Advisor approximately $1,212,000 in operating expenses during the four fiscal quarters
ended September 30, 2016. Additionally, Advisor has incurred $5,078,162 in operating expenses on the Company s behalf prior
to the four fiscal quarters ended September 30, 2016. Subject to a future determination by the Company s board of directors,
this amount is not reimbursable to Advisor nor an obligation of the Company. 

Advisor has waived all operating expenses
reimbursable to Advisor for each of the 12 prior fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2014 to the extent such expenses had not been
previously reimbursed to Advisor. Advisor further agreed that all expenses incurred directly by the Company during the waiver period
will be paid by Advisor on behalf of the Company. Total reimbursable expenses so waived or assumed by Advisor were $1,967,721 as
of September 30, 2016. 

20  

Moody National REIT I, Inc.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
 September 30, 2016  
 (unaudited)  

Property Management Fees   

The Company has engaged Moody National
Hospitality Management, LLC, an affiliate of the Sponsor ( Property Manager ), as its property manager. The Company
pays Property Manager a property management fee and an accounting fee in connection with the operation and management of properties
pursuant to the terms of hotel management agreements. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company paid
the Property Manager property management fees of $450,608 and $462,418, respectively, and accounting fees of $85,000 and $77,500.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company paid the Property Manager property management fees of $1,315,415
and $1,130,874, respectively, and accounting fees of $250,000 and $212,500, respectively, which are included in hotel operating
expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

Notes Receivable from Related Parties   

On August 21, 2015, pursuant to the Related
Party Note, the Company made a loan in the amount of $9,000,000 to DST Sponsor, an affiliate of the Company, the proceeds of which
were used by DST Sponsor for the acquisition of a commercial property located in Katy, Texas. An origination fee of $90,000 and
an extension fee in the amount of $45,000 were paid to the Company by DST Sponsor on August 15, 2016 and an exit fee of $90,000
is payable by DST Sponsor to the Company upon maturity of the Related Party Note. The Related Party Note bears interest at a rate
of 12% per annum and was due August 21, 2016. The maturity date of the Related Party note was extended to August 21, 2017. On April
29, 2016, pursuant to the Related Party Mezzanine Note, the Company made a loan in the amount of $4,500,000 to Realty, the proceeds
of which were used by Realty for the acquisition of a commercial property located in Houston, Texas. An origination fee of $45,000
and an exit fee of $45,000 is payable by Realty to the Company upon maturity of the Related Party Mezzanine Note. The Related Party
Mezzanine Note bears interest at a rate of 10% per annum and is due April 30, 2018. 

Due from Related Parties   

On September 22, 2015, the Company assigned
and transferred its Purchase Agreement, as amended, between the Company and a third-party seller for the property commonly referred
to as the Hampton Inn Boston Logan Airport to Realty for the sum of $1,000,000. The $1,000,000 receivable is recorded in due from
related parties in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

Note Joint Venture   

As discussed in Note 4 ( Notes Receivable ),
as of September 30, 2016, the OP owns a 74.5% membership interest in the Note Joint Venture, Moody National Mortgage owns a 14%
membership interest in the Note Joint Venture and the Trust Members own the remaining 11.5% membership interests in the Note Joint
Venture. Pursuant to the terms of the Note Joint Venture Agreement, Moody National Mortgage is entitled to receive approximately
14% of all distributions of cash from operations of the Note Joint Venture and the OP and the other Members are entitled to receive
the remaining approximately 86% of distributions of cash from operations of the Note Joint Venture in proportion to their respective
membership interests in the Note Joint Venture. 

On June 10, 2016, the Hyatt Place Note
receivable and the Acquisition Note payable and all accrued interest thereon were paid in full. 

Great Valley Hotel   

On March 27, 2015, the OP acquired fee
simple title to the Great Valley Hotel from the current tenant-in-common owners of the Great Valley Hotel (the  Great Valley
TIC Owners ), for an aggregate purchase price, exclusive of closing costs, of $11,000,000. The Great Valley TIC Owners acquired
their tenant-in-common interests in the Great Valley Hotel in a tenant-in-common program sponsored by an affiliate of the Company. 

Nashville Hotel   

On June 16, 2015, the OP acquired fee simple
title to the Nashville Hotel from the current tenant-in-common owners of the Nashville Hotel (the  Nashville TIC Owners ),
for an aggregate purchase price, exclusive of closing costs, of $66,300,000. The Nashville TIC Owners acquired their tenant-in-common
interests in the Nashville Hotel in a tenant-in-common program sponsored by an affiliate of the Company. 

21  

Moody National REIT I, Inc.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
 September 30, 2016  
 (unaudited)  

Fort Worth Hotel   

On December 18, 2015, the OP acquired an
interest in the Fort Worth Hotel from the Fort Worth TIC Owners for an aggregate purchase price, exclusive of closing costs, including
the assumption of the outstanding debt secured by the Fort Worth Hotel, of $7,301,887. The Fort Worth TIC Owners acquired their
tenant-in-common interests in the Fort Worth Hotel in a tenant-in-common program sponsored by an affiliate of the Company. 

Houston Hotel   

On April 21, 2016, the OP acquired fee
simple title to the Houston Hotel from the current tenant-in-common owners of the Houston Hotel (the  Houston TIC Owners ),
for an aggregate purchase price, exclusive of closing costs, of $8,000,000. The Houston TIC Owners acquired their tenant-in-common
interests in the Houston Hotel in a tenant-in-common program sponsored by an affiliate of the Company. 

Payment from Moody Securities   

On March 27, 2015, Moody Securities entered
into a Notice of Acceptance Letter, Waiver and Consent with FINRA whereby Moody Securities, among other things, agreed to pay the
Company $350,000 to be distributed pro rata to the Company s stockholders in connection with the failure of Moody Securities
to comply with FINRA Rule 2310 and the computation of organization and offering expenses incurred in connection with the Company s
initial public offering under FINRA rules. Moody Securities paid the Company $350,000 on July 21, 2015 which was recorded as a
special contribution to the Company in the consolidated statements of equity and the Company made a special distribution to stockholders
of $350,000 on July 28, 2015. 

Letter of Intent with REIT II   

On September 27, 2016, the Company and
REIT II issued a joint press release announcing that they had entered into the LOI. There is no guarantee that a transaction pursuant
to the LOI will occur. See Note 1 ( Organization ). 

8.    Incentive Award Plan  

The Company has adopted an incentive plan
(the  Incentive Award Plan ) that provides for the grant of equity awards to the employees, directors and consultants
of the Company and its affiliates. The Incentive Award Plan authorizes the grant of non-qualified and incentive stock options,
restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, dividend equivalents and other stock-based awards or
cash-based awards. Shares of common stock will be authorized and reserved for issuance under the Incentive Award Plan. The Company
has also adopted an independent directors compensation plan (the  Independent Directors Compensation Plan ) pursuant
to which each of the Company s then-current independent directors was entitled to receive 5,000 shares of restricted common
stock when the Company raised the minimum offering amount of $2,000,000 in its initial public offering. Each new independent director
that subsequently joins the Company s board of directors will receive 5,000 shares of restricted stock on the date he or
she joins the Company s board of directors. In addition, on the date of each of the first four annual meetings of the Company s
stockholders at which an independent director is re-elected to the Company s board of directors, he or she will receive 2,500
restricted shares of common stock. Subject to certain conditions, the non-vested shares of restricted stock granted pursuant to
the Independent Directors Compensation Plan will vest and become non-forfeitable in four equal quarterly installments beginning
on the first day of the first quarter following the date of grant; provided, however, that the restricted stock will become fully
vested on the earlier to occur of (1) the termination of the independent director s service as a director due to his or her
death or disability, or (2) a change in control of the Company. As of September 30, 2016, there were 1,948,750 common shares remaining
available for future issuance under the Incentive Award Plan and the Independent Directors Compensation Plan. 

A total of 0 and 2,500 shares of restricted
stock were granted pursuant to the Independent Directors Compensation Plan during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, a total of 51,250 shares of restricted common stock have been issued by the Company
to the Company s independent directors pursuant to the Independent Directors Compensation Plan. 

22  

Moody National REIT I, Inc.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
 September 30, 2016  
 (unaudited)  

The weighted average grant date fair value
of the shares of restricted stock issued by the Company pursuant to the Independent Directors Compensation Plan was $10.00 per
share based on observable market transactions occurring near the dates of the grants. The Company recorded compensation related
to such shares of restricted stock ratably from the grant date to the date the shares become fully vested based on the fair market
value of such shares at the date they were granted. The Company recorded compensation related to such shares of restricted stock
of $77 and $4,077 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $14,077 and $45,846 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, all shares of restricted common stock granted pursuant
to the Independent Directors Compensation Plan which were granted as of August 12, 2015 had been vested and there was no remaining
unrecognized compensation expense. 

The following is a summary of activity
under the Independent Directors Compensation Plan for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and year ended December 31, 2015: 

9.    Subordinated Participation Interest  

Pursuant to the limited partnership agreement
of the OP, the holders of the Special Units will be entitled to distributions from the OP in an amount equal to 15.0% of net sales
proceeds received by the OP on dispositions of its assets and dispositions of real properties by joint ventures or partnerships
in which the OP owns a partnership interest, after the other holders of common units, including the Company, have received in the
aggregate cumulative distributions from operating income, sales proceeds or other sources equal to their capital contributions
plus an 8.0% cumulative non-compounded annual pre-tax return thereon. The Special Units will be redeemed for the above amount upon
the earliest of: (1) the occurrence of certain events that result in the termination or non-renewal of the Advisory Agreement or
(2) a listing of the Company s common stock on a national securities exchange. 

10.    Commitments and Contingencies  

Restricted Cash   

Under certain management and debt agreements
existing at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company escrows payments required for insurance, real estate taxes, capital
improvements, replacement of hotel furniture and fixtures, and debt service. 

The composition of the Company s
restricted cash as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was as follows: 

23  

Moody National REIT I, Inc.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
 September 30, 2016  
 (unaudited)  

   Franchise Agreements   

As of September 30, 2016, all of the Company s
hotel properties are operated under franchise agreements with initial terms ranging from 10 to 20 years. Franchise agreements allow
the properties to operate under their respective brands. Pursuant to the franchise agreements, the Company pays a royalty fee,
generally between 3.0% and 6.0% of room revenue, plus additional fees for marketing, central reservation systems and other franchisor
costs that amount to between 1.5% and 4.3% of room revenue. The Company incurred franchise fee expense of approximately $1,245,000
and $1,258,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $3,718,000 and $2,997,000 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, which is included in hotel operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations. 

11.       Income Taxes  

The Company has formed TRSs that are C-corporations
for federal income tax purposes and use the consolidated asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Tax return
positions are recognized in the consolidated financial statements when they are  more-likely-than-not  to be sustained
upon examination by the taxing authority. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities result from temporary differences. Temporary
differences are differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the consolidated financial
statements that will result in taxable or deductible amounts in future periods. A valuation allowance may be placed on deferred
income tax assets, if it is determined that it is more likely than not that a deferred tax asset may not be realized. 

No provision for income taxes has been
made for the Company (other than for each TRS) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 due to the Company s
election to be taxed as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code commencing with the taxable year ended
December 31, 2011. Prior to January 1, 2011, the Company was subject to federal and state income taxes, as it had not yet elected
to be taxed as a REIT. 

The TRSs had deferred tax assets of $1,890,000
and $1,345,000 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had
operating loss carry-forwards of $355,800 expiring in 2030, 2031 and 2033. 

The income tax expense (benefit) for the
three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 consisted of the following: 

13.       Subsequent Events  

Distributions Declared   

On September 30, 2016, the Company declared
a distribution in the aggregate amount of $869,674, of which $558,819 was paid in cash on October 15, 2016 and $310,855 was paid
pursuant to the DRIP in the form of additional shares of the Company s common stock. On October 31, 2016, the Company declared
a distribution in the aggregate amount of $900,668 which is scheduled to be paid in cash on or about November 15, 2016. 

24  

Moody National REIT
I, Inc.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
 September 30, 2016  
 (unaudited)  

   Suspension of the DRIP   

On October 13, 2016, the Company s
board of directors voted to suspend the DRIP. The suspension of the DRIP will become effective beginning with distributions made
in November 2016 and will remain in effect unless and until the DRIP resumes, as determined by the Company s board of directors.
No modifications or changes were made to the DRIP. 

Repurchase of Shares   

On October 12, 2016, the Company repurchased
1,320.00 shares requested to be redeemed during the quarter at an average price of $10.75 per share. The Company s share
redemption program was suspended in May 2016 in all cases other than death or qualifying disability. This repurchase was made pursuant
to the death/qualifying disability exception to the foregoing suspension. 

25  

ITEM 2.          MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.  

The following discussion and analysis should
be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Moody National REIT I, Inc. and the notes thereto.
As used herein, the terms  we,   our  and  us  refer to Moody National REIT I, Inc., a Maryland
corporation, and, as required by context, Moody National Operating Partnership I, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, which we
refer to as our  operating partnership,  and to their subsidiaries. 

Forward-Looking Statements  

Certain statements included in this quarterly
report on Form 10-Q, or the Quarterly Report, that are not historical facts (including any statements concerning investment objectives,
other plans and objectives of management for future operations or economic performance, or assumptions or forecasts related thereto)
are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. These statements are only predictions. We caution that forward-looking
statements are not guarantees. Actual events or our investments and results of operations could differ materially from those expressed
or implied in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by the use of terms such as  may, 
 should,   expect,   could,   intend,   plan,   anticipate, 
 estimate,   believe,   continue,   predict,   potential  or the negative
of such terms and other comparable terminology. 

The forward-looking statements included
herein are based upon our current expectations, plans, estimates, assumptions and beliefs which involve numerous risks and uncertainties.
Assumptions relating to the foregoing involve judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive and market
conditions and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are
beyond our control. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable
assumptions, our actual results and performance could differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.
Factors which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and future prospects include, but are not limited to: 

whether or not we enter into a definitive merger agreement with Moody National REIT II, Inc., or REIT II, pursuant to the letter
of intent described herein;   

our ability to effectively deploy the remaining net proceeds raised in our follow-on public offering of common stock, which
terminated effective February 20, 2015;   

our ability to continue to obtain financing on acceptable terms;   

our levels of debt and the terms and limitations imposed on us by our debt agreements;   

our ability to continue to identify and acquire real estate and real estate-related assets on terms that are favorable to us;   

risks inherent in the real estate business, including the lack of liquidity of real estate investments and potential liability
relating to environmental matters;   

changes in demand for rooms at our hotel properties;   

our ability to continue to compete in the hotel industry;   

adverse developments affecting our sponsor and its affiliates;   

the availability of cash flow from operating activities for distributions;   

changes in economic conditions generally and the real estate and debt markets specifically;   

conflicts of interest arising out of our relationship with our advisor and its affiliates;   

legislative or regulatory changes (including changes to the laws governing the taxation of real estate investment trusts, or
REITs);   

the availability of capital;   

changes in interest rates; and   

changes to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP.   

26  

Any of the assumptions underlying the forward-looking
statements included herein could be inaccurate, and undue reliance should not be placed upon any forward-looking statements included
herein. All forward-looking statements are made as of the date this Quarterly Report is filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, or the SEC, and the risk that actual results will differ materially from the expectations expressed herein will increase
with the passage of time. Except as otherwise required by the federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update
or revise any forward-looking statements made herein, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances
or any other reason. 

All forward-looking statements included
in this report should be read in light of the factors identified in the  Risk Factors  section of our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on March 30, 2016. 

Overview  

We were formed as a Maryland corporation
on January 15, 2008 to invest in a diversified portfolio of real estate investments. We elected to qualify as a real estate investment
trust, or REIT, commencing with the taxable year ended December 31, 2011. 

As of September 30, 2016, our portfolio
consisted of fourteen investments: (1) the Woodlands Hotel, a 91-suite hotel property in The Woodlands, Texas, (2) the Germantown
Hotel, a 127-guestroom hotel property located in Germantown, Tennessee, (3) the Charleston Hotel, a 113-guestroom hotel property
located in North Charleston, South Carolina, (4) the Austin Hotel, a 123-suite hotel property located in Austin, Texas, (5) the
Grapevine Hotel, a 133-suite hotel property located in Grapevine, Texas, (6) our joint venture interest in the Lyndhurst Hotel,
a 227-guestroom hotel property located in, Lyndhurst, New Jersey, (7) the Austin Arboretum Hotel, a 138-guestroom hotel property
located in Austin, Texas, (8) the Great Valley Hotel, a 125-guestroom hotel property located in Frazer, Pennsylvania, (9) the Nashville
Hotel, a 208-room hotel property located in Nashville, Tennessee, (10) the Homewood Suites Austin Hotel, a 96-room hotel property
located in Austin, Texas, (11) our joint venture interest in the Fort Worth Hotel, a 95-unit hotel property located in Fort Worth,
Texas, (12) the Houston Hotel, a 119-room hotel property located in Houston, Texas, (13) a note receivable from a related party
with an initial principal amount of $9,000,000 and (14) a note receivable from a related party with an initial principal amount
of $4,500,000. 

On April 15, 2009, we commenced our initial
public offering, or our initial public offering, of up to $1,000,000,000 in shares of our common stock to the public in our primary
offering at $10.00 per share and up to $100,000,000 in shares of our common stock to our stockholders pursuant to our distribution
reinvestment plan, or the DRIP, at $9.50 per share. As of the termination of our initial public offering, we had accepted subscriptions
for, and issued, 1,126,253 shares of our common stock in our initial public offering, including 29,582 shares of our common stock
pursuant to our DRIP, resulting in offering proceeds of $10,966,713. On October 12, 2012, we terminated our initial public offering. 

On October 12, 2012, we commenced our follow-on
public offering, or our follow-on offering, of up to $1,000,000,000 in shares of our common stock, comprised of up to $900,000,000
in shares offered to the public at $10.00 per share and up to $100,000,000 in shares offered to our stockholders pursuant to the
DRIP at $9.50 per share. Effective February 20, 2015, we terminated the offer and sale of shares to the public in our follow-on
offering, but continued to issue shares pursuant to the DRIP. On November 4, 2015, we filed a new Registration Statement on Form
S-3 with the SEC to register the sale of up to $25,000,000 in shares of our common stock pursuant to the DRIP, or our DRIP offering. 

As of the termination of our follow-on
offering, we had accepted investors  subscriptions for, and issued, 11,720,956 shares of our common stock in that offering,
including 510,457 shares of our common stock issued pursuant to the DRIP, resulting in aggregate gross offering proceeds of $112,104,990.
As of September 30, 2016, we had accepted subscriptions for, and issued, an aggregate of 12,847,209 shares of common stock in our
initial public offering and follow-on offering, including 540,039 shares of common stock issued pursuant to the DRIP, resulting
in aggregate gross offering proceeds of $123,071,703. As of September 30, 2016, we had sold 357,587 shares pursuant to the DRIP
in our DRIP Offering, and 2,142,413 shares of our common stock registered in the DRIP Offering remained available for sale. 

Subject to the proposed merger described
herein, we intend to use substantially all of the remaining net proceeds from the foregoing offerings and the proceeds from any
other offering of our shares that we may conduct in the future to continue to invest in a diversified portfolio of real properties,
real estate securities and debt-related investments. To date, substantially all of our investments have been in hotel properties,
loans secured by hotel properties or loans to related parties, and we anticipate that our portfolio will continue to consist primarily
of hotel properties, located in the United States and Canada that we own exclusively or in joint ventures or other co-ownership
arrangements with other persons. We may also invest in other property types consisting of multifamily, office, retail and industrial
assets located in the United States and Canada as well as securities of real estate companies and debt-related investments. We
may also make opportunistic investments in properties that may be under-developed or newly constructed and in properties that we
believe are undervalued. 

27  

On March 24, 2016, our board of directors
determined an estimated value per share of our common stock of $10.75 as of December 31, 2015. In connection with the determination
of an estimated per share value, also on March 24, 2016, our board of directors also determined to increase the purchase price
of shares offered pursuant to the DRIP to $10.21, which became effective as of May 1, 2016. On October 13, 2016, our board of directors
determined to suspend the DRIP. The suspension of the DRIP will become effective beginning with distributions made in November
2016 and will remain in effect unless and until the DRIP resumes, as determined by our board of directors. In the future, our board
of directors may, in its sole discretion and from time to time, change the price at which we offer shares pursuant to the DRIP
to reflect changes in our estimated value per share and other factors that the board of directors deems relevant. 

On March 24, 2016, our board of directors
approved the formation of a special committee of two of the Company s independent directors, or the Special Committee, to
consider potential strategic transactions. The Special Committee s responsibilities include (i) the identification and investigation
of potential strategic transactions, (ii) conducting negotiations with respect to any strategic transactions, (iii) the review
and analysis of potential strategic transactions and (iv) making recommendations to our board of directors concerning any strategic
transactions. The Special Committee is authorized to engage experts and advisors in connection with the foregoing responsibilities.
In addition, in connection with the formation of the Special Committee on March 24, 2016, our board of directors elected to suspend
our share redemption program, which became effective as of May 6, 2016. 

On September 27, 2016, as previously
disclosed in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on such day, we jointly announced with Moody National REIT II, Inc., or
REIT II, that the Special Committee, after reviewing strategic alternatives, had accepted a non-binding Letter of Intent, or
the LOI, from the special committee of the board of directors of REIT II regarding our acquisition by REIT II.
Pending receipt of the necessary approvals, the acquisition would take the form of a merger, with gross merger consideration
of $11.00 per share of our common stock before the payment of disposition fees and profit sharing amounts payable to
our sponsor, financial advisory and legal fees payable by us, and other transaction and closing costs incurred by us;
provided, that in no event would the net merger consideration payable to the holders of our common stock be less than $10.25
per share. Further, the LOI provides that our stockholders would have the option to receive shares of REIT II common stock or
cash; provided, that no more than approximately 50% of the aggregate net merger consideration may be paid in cash. The LOI
also provides that any definitive merger agreement would include go-shop and termination fee provisions. Entry into a
definitive merger agreement with respect to the proposed merger is subject to a number of conditions, and there is no
guarantee that a transaction pursuant to the LOI will occur. Our management will expend time and resources in the negotiation
of a definitive merger agreement, which time and resources may otherwise have been allocated to our other operational needs.
Additionally, the LOI is non-binding and there will be no contract or agreement regarding a transaction between us and REIT
II until a definitive merger agreement is signed. Even if a definitive merger agreement is entered into, there can be no
assurance as to whether or when the conditions to the closing of the proposed merger will be satisfied or waived, or as to
whether or when the proposed merger will be consummated. 

If we and REIT II enter into a definitive
agreement related to the proposed merger, REIT II will prepare and file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or the
SEC, a registration statement on Form S-4 containing a proxy statement/prospectus jointly prepared by us and REIT II, and other
related documents. The joint proxy statement/prospectus will contain important information about the proposed merger and related
matters. INVESTORS ARE URGED TO READ THE JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS (INCLUDING ALL AMENDMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTS THERETO) AND
OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED BY US AND REIT II WITH THE SEC CAREFULLY IF AND WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT US, REIT II AND THE PROPOSED MERGER. 

Subject to certain restrictions and limitations,
our business is externally managed by Moody National Advisor I, LLC, our external advisor, pursuant to an advisory agreement. We
refer to Moody National Advisor I, LLC as our  advisor.  Our advisor conducts our operations and manages our portfolio
of real estate investments. 

We believe that we have sufficient capital
to meet our existing debt service and other operating obligations for the current year and that we have adequate resources to fund
our cash needs until we reach sustainable profitable operations. However, our operations are subject to a variety of risks, including,
but not limited to, our ability to raise additional funds in future offerings of securities (if any), changes in national economic
conditions, the restricted availability of financing, changes in demographic trends and interest rates, declining real estate valuations
and downward pressure on room rates for hotels. As a result of these uncertainties, there can be no assurance that we will meet
our investment objectives or that the risks described above will not have an adverse effect on our properties or results of operations. 

We made an election to be taxed as a REIT
under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Internal Revenue Code, commencing with
the taxable year ended December 31, 2011. As a REIT, we generally are not subject to federal income tax on income that we distribute
to our stockholders. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year after the taxable year in which we initially elect to
be taxed as a REIT, we will be subject to federal income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates and will not be permitted
to qualify for treatment as a REIT for federal income tax purposes for four years following the year in which our qualification
is denied. Failing to qualify as a REIT could materially and adversely affect our net income. 

28  

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Our principal demand for funds is for the
acquisition of real estate assets, the payment of operating expenses, principal and interest payments on our outstanding indebtedness
and the payment of distributions to our stockholders. Over time, we intend to generally fund our cash needs for items other than
asset acquisitions from operations. Our cash needs for acquisitions and investments will be funded primarily from the remaining
proceeds from the sale of shares of our common stock in our follow-on offering, the sale of shares pursuant to the DRIP and assumption
and origination of debt. 

Our advisor, subject to the oversight of
our investment committee and board of directors, will evaluate potential acquisitions and will engage in negotiations with sellers
and lenders on our behalf. If necessary, we may use financings or other sources of capital in the event of unforeseen significant
capital expenditures. 

We may, but are not required to, establish
working capital reserves out of cash flow generated by our real estate assets or out of proceeds from the sale of our real estate
assets. We do not anticipate establishing a general working capital reserve; however, we may establish working capital reserves
with respect to particular investments. We also may, but are not required to, establish reserves out of cash flow generated by
our real estate assets or out of net sale proceeds in non-liquidating sale transactions. Working capital reserves are typically
utilized to fund tenant improvements, leasing commissions and major capital expenditures. Our lenders also may require working
capital reserves. 

To the extent that any working capital
reserve we establish is insufficient to satisfy our cash requirements, additional funds may be provided from cash generated from
operations, short-term borrowing, equity capital from joint venture partners, or the proceeds of additional public or private offerings
of our shares or interests in our operating partnership. In addition, subject to certain limitations, we may incur indebtedness
in connection with the acquisition of any real estate asset, refinance the debt thereon, arrange for the leveraging of any previously
unfinanced property or reinvest the proceeds of financing or refinancing in additional properties. There can be no assurance that
we will be able to obtain such capital or financing on favorable terms, if at all. 

Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities  

As of September 30, 2016, we owned interests
in twelve hotel properties, including two joint venture interests. Net cash provided by operating activities for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $6,001,864 and $4,321,247, respectively. The increase in cash provided by operating activities
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to an increase in net operating income related to additional hotel
acquisitions and owning other properties for the entire period. 

Net Cash Used In Investing Activities  

Net cash used in investing activities for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $478,081 and $81,001,344, respectively. The decrease in cash used in investing
activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to the decrease in acquisitions of hotel properties to
$8,000,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $84,281,803 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 offset by
the full repayment of the mortgage note receivable secured by a Hyatt Place hotel in Grapevine, Texas, or the Hyatt Place Note,
of $11,839,171 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to    the proceeds from the sale of a hotel in
Newark, California of $22,107,775 and repayments of a note secured by a hotel in Grapevine, Texas, or the Hyatt Place Note, of
$164,073 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Net Cash Provided By (Used In) Financing
Activities  

Our cash flows used in financing activities
consist primarily of distributions paid to our stockholders and repayments of notes payable. Net cash provided by (used in) financing
activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $(13,343,752) and $75,404,158, respectively. The decrease
in cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, was primarily due to a decrease in gross
offering proceeds to $0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $27,342,069 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015
due to the follow-on offering ending in February 2015. Also, proceeds of notes payable decreased to $4,800,000 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 from $71,500,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 due to a significant decrease in hotel acquisitions
during 2016. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

As of September 30, 2016, we had cash on
hand of $6,251,259. 

29  

Debt  

We use, and intend to use in the future,
secured and unsecured debt as a means of providing additional funds for the acquisition of real property, securities and debt-related
investments. By operating on a leveraged basis, we expect that we will have more funds available for investments. This will generally
allow us to make more investments than would otherwise be possible, potentially resulting in enhanced investment returns and a
more diversified portfolio. However, our use of leverage increases the risk of default on loan payments and the resulting foreclosure
on a particular asset. In addition, lenders may have recourse to assets other than those specifically securing the repayment of
the indebtedness. When debt financing is unattractive due to high interest rates or other reasons, or when financing is otherwise
unavailable on a timely basis, we may purchase certain assets for cash with the intention of obtaining debt financing at a later
time. 

As of September 30, 2016, our outstanding
indebtedness totaled $172,013,508. Our aggregate borrowings are reviewed by our board of directors at least quarterly. Under our
Second Articles of Amendment and Restatement, or our charter, we are prohibited from borrowing in excess of 300% of the value of
our net assets.  Net assets  for purposes of this calculation is defined to be our total assets (other than intangibles),
valued at cost prior to deducting depreciation, reserves for bad debts and other non-cash reserves, less total liabilities. The
preceding calculation is generally expected to approximate 75% of the aggregate cost of our assets before non-cash reserves and
depreciation. However, we may temporarily borrow in excess of these amounts if such excess is approved by a majority of our independent
directors and disclosed to our stockholders in our next quarterly report, along with an explanation for such excess. As of September
30, 2016 and 2015, our debt levels did not exceed 300% of the value of our net assets. 

Contractual Commitments and Contingencies  

The following is a summary of our contractual
obligations as of September 30, 2016: 

(1)  Amounts include principal payments only.   

(2)  Projected interest payments are based on the outstanding principal amounts and weighted-average interest rates at September
30, 2016.   

(3)  Purchase obligations were excluded from contractual obligations as there were no binding purchase obligations as of September
30, 2016.   

Organization and Offering Costs  

Pursuant to our advisory agreement with
our advisor, we are obligated to reimburse our advisor and its affiliates, as applicable, for organization and offering costs incurred
on our behalf associated with each of our public offerings, but only to the extent that such reimbursements do not exceed actual
expenses incurred by our advisor and would not cause sales commissions, the dealer manager fee and other organization and offering
costs borne by us in a public offering to exceed 15.0% of gross offering proceeds from the sale of our shares in such public offering
as of the date of reimbursement. Our advisor was obligated to reimburse us to the extent organization and offering costs (including
sales commissions and dealer manager fees) incurred by us in a public offering exceeded 15.0% of the gross offering proceeds from
the sale of our shares of common stock in such public offering. 

Total offering costs for our initial public
offering, which terminated on October 12, 2012, were $4,132,374. We directly incurred offering costs of $946,944 for our initial
public offering and reimbursed our advisor for $742,134 in offering costs for our initial public offering. The remaining $2,443,296
in offering costs related to our initial public offering is not our liability because such costs exceeded 15.0% of the gross offering
proceeds from the sale of our shares of common stock in our completed initial public offering. We reimbursed our advisor for $28,083
in organization costs for our initial public offering. 

Total offering costs for our follow-on
offering were $14,121,598. We directly incurred $11,396,735 of offering costs for our follow-on offering, and $2,724,863 in offering
costs were reimbursable to our advisor. As of September 30, 2016, total offering costs for the DRIP offering were $124,000. We
directly incurred $0 of offering costs for the DRIP offering and $124,000 in offering costs were reimbursable to our advisor. As
of September 30, 2016, we had $0 payable to our advisor for offering costs related to our follow-on offering and the DRIP offering.
Offering costs related to our follow-on offering did not exceed 15.0% of the gross offering proceeds from the sale of our shares
of common stock in our follow-on offering. We have not reimbursed our advisor any funds for organization costs for our follow-on
offering. 

Operating Expenses  

Pursuant to our charter, we will reimburse
our advisor for all operating expenses paid or incurred by our advisor in connection with the services provided to us, subject
to the limitation that we will not reimburse our advisor for any amount by which its operating expenses (including the asset management
fee) at the end of the four preceding fiscal quarters exceeds the greater of: (1) 2% of our average invested assets or (2) 25%
of our net income determined without reduction for any additions to reserves for depreciation, bad debts or other similar non-cash
reserves and excluding any gain from the sale of our assets for that period, which we refer to as the  2%/25% Limitation. 
Notwithstanding the above, we may reimburse our advisor for expenses in excess of this limitation if a majority of the independent
directors determines that such excess expenses are justified based on unusual and non-recurring factors. For the four fiscal quarters
ended September 30, 2016, our total operating expenses were $4,508,400, which included $3,296,119 in operating expenses incurred
directly by us and $1,212,281 incurred by our advisor on our behalf. Of the $4,508,400 in total operating expenses incurred during
the four fiscal quarters ended September 30, 2016, $0 exceeded the 2%/25% Limitation. We reimbursed our advisor approximately $1,212,000
in operating expenses during the four fiscal quarters ended September 30, 2016. Additionally, our advisor has incurred $5,078,162
in operating expenses on our behalf prior to the four fiscal quarters ended September 30, 2016. Subject to a future determination
by the board of directors, this amount is not reimbursable to our advisor and is not our obligation. 

Our advisor has waived all operating expenses
reimbursable to our advisor for each of the 12 prior fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2014, which we refer to as the  waiver
period,  to the extent such expenses had not been previously reimbursed to our advisor. Our advisor further agreed that all
expenses incurred directly by us during the waiver period would be paid by our advisor on our behalf. Total reimbursable expenses
so waived or assumed by our advisor were $1,967,721 as of September 30, 2016. 

Results of Operations  

As of September 30, 2016, we had acquired
two hotel properties since September 30, 2015. Accordingly, our results of operations for the three months ended September 30,
2016 are not directly comparable to those for the three months ended September 30, 2015. In general, we expect that our income
and expenses related to our investment portfolio will increase in future periods as a result of anticipated future acquisitions
of real estate and real estate-related investments. However, if we enter into a transaction with REIT II related to the LOI, we
expect that such transaction would lower our income and expenses. 

Comparison of the three months ended September 30, 2016
versus the three months ended September 30, 2015   

Revenue  

Total revenue increased to $15,780,570
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $15,715,824 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Total hotel revenue
decreased to $15,338,469 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $15,428,989 for the three months ended September 30,
2015. The decrease in hotel revenue was primarily due to the fact that, even though we owned twelve hotel properties at September
30, 2016 compared to ten hotel properties at September 30, 2015, revenues declined at our hotels located in Texas. Interest income
related to the Hyatt Place Note and the notes receivable from related parties increased to $442,101 for the quarter ended September
30, 2016 from $286,835 for the quarter ended September 30, 2015. 

A comparison of hotel revenues for those
hotels owned continuously for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is set forth below: 

Revenue declined at the Woodlands Hotel,
the Austin Hotel and the Austin Arboretum Hotel due to the downturn in the energy business in Texas. 

Hotel Operating Expenses  

Hotel operating expenses increased to $9,652,424
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $9,146,693 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in hotel
operating expenses was primarily due to the fact that we owned interests in twelve hotel properties at September 30, 2016 compared
to ten hotel properties at September 30, 2015. 

Property Taxes, Insurance and Other  

Property taxes, insurance and other decreased
to $945,390 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $1,039,831 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease
was primarily due to the fact that, although we owned interests in twelve hotel properties at September 30, 2016 compared to ten
hotel properties at September 30, 2015, an adjustment to prior years  property taxes was made during the three months ended
September 30, 2015. 

Depreciation and Amortization  

Depreciation and amortization expense increased
to $3,005,575 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $2,741,430 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The
increase in depreciation and amortization expense was primarily due to the fact that we owned interests in twelve hotel properties
at September 30, 2016 compared to ten hotel properties at September 30, 2015. 

Property Acquisition Expenses  

Property acquisition expenses decreased
to $0 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $1,554,135 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. We acquired
no properties during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and one property during the quarter ended September 30, 2015 with an
acquisition price of $14,250,000. 

Corporate General and Administrative
Expenses  

Corporate general and administrative expenses
increased to $1,395,796 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $836,446 for the three months ended September 30, 2015.
These general and administrative expenses consisted primarily of asset management fees, restricted stock compensation, directors 
fees and professional fees. Asset management fees increased during the three months ended September 30, 2016 from the three months
ended September 30, 2015 because we owned interests in twelve hotel properties at September 30, 2016 compared to ten hotel properties
at September 30, 2015. 

Interest Expense and Amortization of Debt Issuance Costs  

Interest expense and amortization of debt
issuance costs increased to $2,353,716 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $2,230,998 for the three months ended
September 30, 2015. This increase in interest expense and amortization of debt issuance costs was due to the fact that we incurred
additional indebtedness related to two hotel property acquisitions since September 30, 2015. In future periods our interest expense
will vary based on the amount of our borrowings, which will depend on the availability and cost of borrowings, the amount of proceeds
from other financing sources to acquire assets and our ability to identify and acquire real estate and real estate-related assets
that meet our investment objectives. 

Income Tax Expense (Benefit)  

Income tax expense (benefit) for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 was $(334,737) compared to $333,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015 due to a decline
in revenue and taxable income related to hotels located in Texas and related to the hotel located in Newark, California that was
sold in during the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Comparison of the nine months ended September 30, 2016
versus the nine months ended September 30, 2015   

Revenue  

Total revenue increased to $47,288,982
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $38,259,380 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Total hotel revenue
increased to $45,879,199 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $37,661,855 for the nine months ended September 30,
2015. The increase in hotel revenue was primarily due to the fact that we owned interests in twelve hotel properties at September
30, 2016 compared to ten hotel properties at September 30, 2015. Also, we had a full nine months of operations for the Great Valley
Hotel, the Nashville Hotel, and the Homewood Suites Austin Hotel during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Interest income
related to the Hyatt Place Note and the notes receivable from related parties increased to $1,409,783 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 from $597,525 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

A comparison of hotel revenues for those
hotels owned continuously for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 follows: 

Revenue declined at the Woodlands Hotel,
the Austin Hotel and the Austin Arboretum Hotel due to the downturn in the energy business in Texas and property improvements being
made to the Austin Arboretum Hotel. 

Hotel Operating Expenses  

Hotel operating expenses increased to $27,847,055
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $22,390,381 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in hotel
operating expenses was primarily due to the fact that we owned interests in twelve hotel properties at September 30, 2016 compared
to ten hotel properties at September 30, 2015. 

Property Taxes, Insurance and Other  

Property taxes, insurance and other increased
to $2,798,090 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $2,379,320 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This increase
was primarily due to the fact that we owned interests in twelve hotel properties at September 30, 2016 compared to ten hotel properties
at September 30, 2015. 

Depreciation and Amortization  

Depreciation and amortization expense increased
to $8,718,359 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $6,660,814 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase
in depreciation and amortization expense was primarily due to the fact that we owned interests in twelve hotel properties at September
30, 2016 compared to ten hotel properties at September 30, 2015. 

Property Acquisition Expenses  

Property acquisition expenses decreased
to $112,283 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $3,328,909 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. We acquired
one property during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and three properties during the nine months ended September 30, 2015
with aggregate purchase prices of $8,000,000 and $91,550,000, respectively. 

Corporate General and Administrative
Expenses  

Corporate general and administrative expenses
increased to $3,602,859 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $2,292,008 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.
These general and administrative expenses consisted primarily of asset management fees, restricted stock compensation, directors 
fees and professional fees. Asset management fees increased during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from the nine months
ended September 30, 2015 because we owned interests in twelve hotel properties at September 30, 2016 compared to ten hotel properties
at September 30, 2015. 

Interest Expense and Amortization of Debt Issuance Costs  

Interest expense and amortization of debt
issuance costs increased to $7,067,644 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $5,555,630 for the nine months ended September
30, 2015. This increase in interest expense and amortization of debt issuance costs was due to the fact that we incurred additional
indebtedness related to our two hotel property acquisitions since September 30, 2015. In future periods our interest expense will
vary based on the amount of our borrowings, which will depend on the availability and cost of borrowings, the amount of proceeds
from other financing sources to acquire assets and our ability to identify and acquire real estate and real estate-related assets
that meet our investment objectives. 

Income Tax Expense (Benefit)  

Income tax expense (benefit) for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 was $(405,423) compared to $465,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 due to a decline
in revenue and taxable income related to hotels located in Texas and related to the hotel located in Newark, California that was
sold in during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

General   

Our accounting policies have been established
to conform with GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to use judgment in the
application of accounting policies, including making estimates and assumptions. These judgments affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. If management s judgment or interpretation
of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions is different, it is possible that different accounting policies
will be applied or different amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses will be recorded, resulting in a different presentation
of the financial statements or different amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements. Additionally, other companies
may utilize different estimates that may impact the comparability of our results of operations to those of companies in similar
businesses. These policies require complex judgment in their application or estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. 

Income Taxes   

We have made an election to be taxed as
a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code commencing with the taxable year ended December 31, 2011. Prior
to our election to be taxed as a REIT, we were subject to normal federal and state corporation income taxes. 

As a REIT, we generally will not be subject
to federal corporate income tax to the extent we distribute our REIT taxable income to our stockholders, so long as we distribute
at least 90% of our REIT taxable income (which is computed without regard to the dividends-paid deduction or net capital gain and
which does not necessarily equal net income as calculated in accordance with GAAP) and satisfy the other organizational and operational
requirements for REIT qualification. Even if we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we may be subject to certain state and local taxes
on our income and property, and federal income and excise taxes on our undistributed income. We lease the hotels we acquire to
wholly-owned taxable REIT subsidiaries that are subject to federal, state and local income taxes. 

We account for income taxes using the asset
and liability method under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable
to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.
A valuation allowance is recorded for net deferred tax assets that are not expected to be realized. We accrued $139,577 and $663,000
in current income taxes for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We had a net deferred tax asset, consisting
primarily of net operating losses generated by our taxable REIT subsidiaries, of $1,890,000 and $1,345,000 as of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

We have reviewed tax positions under GAAP
guidance that clarify the relevant criteria and approach for the recognition and measurement of uncertain tax positions. The guidance
prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition of a tax position taken, or
expected to be taken, in a tax return. A tax position may only be recognized in the consolidated financial statements if it is
more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination. We had no material uncertain tax positions as of
September 30, 2016. 

The preparation of our various tax returns
requires the use of estimates for federal and state income tax purposes. These estimates may be subjected to review by the respective
taxing authorities. A revision to an estimate may result in an assessment of additional taxes, penalties and interest. At this
time, a range in which our estimates may change is not expected to be material. We will account for interest and penalties relating
to uncertain tax provisions in the current period income statement, if necessary. We have tax years 2011 through 2015 remaining
subject to examination by various federal and state tax jurisdictions. 

Valuation and Allocation of Hotel
Properties   Acquisitions   

Upon acquisition, the purchase price of
hotel properties is allocated to the tangible assets acquired, consisting of land, buildings and furniture, fixtures and equipment,
any assumed debt, identified intangible assets and asset retirement obligations, if any, based on their fair values. Acquisition
costs are charged to expense as incurred. Initial valuations are subject to change during the measurement period, but the measurement
period ends as soon as the information is available. The measurement period shall not exceed one year from the acquisition date. 

The tangible assets acquired consist of
land, buildings, furniture, fixtures and equipment. Land values are derived from appraisals, and building values are calculated
as replacement cost less depreciation or our estimates of the relative fair value of these assets using discounted cash flow analyses
or similar methods. The value of furniture, fixtures and equipment is based on their fair value using replacement costs less depreciation. 

We determine the fair value of assumed
debt by calculating the net present value of the scheduled mortgage payments using interest rates for debt with similar terms and
remaining maturities that we believe we could obtain. Any difference between the fair value and stated value of the assumed debt
is recorded as a discount or premium and amortized over the remaining life of the loan as interest expense. 

In allocating the purchase price of each
of our properties, our advisor makes assumptions and uses various estimates, including, but not limited to, the estimated useful
lives of the assets, the cost of replacing certain assets, discount rates used to determine present values, market rental rates
per square foot and the period required to lease the property up to its occupancy at acquisition as if it were vacant. Many of
these estimates are obtained from independent third party appraisals. However, we are responsible for the source and use of these
estimates. These estimates involve judgments and are subject to being imprecise; accordingly, if different estimates and assumptions
were derived, the valuation of the various categories of our real estate assets or related intangibles could in turn result in
a difference in the depreciation or amortization expense recorded in our consolidated financial statements. These variances could
be material to our results of operations and financial condition. 

Valuation and Allocation of Hotel
Properties   Ownership   

Depreciation expense is computed using
the straight-line and accelerated methods based upon the following estimated useful lives: 

Impairments   

We monitor events and changes in circumstances
indicating that the carrying amounts of our hotel properties may not be recoverable. When such events or changes in circumstances
are present, we assess potential impairment by comparing estimated future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated over
the life of the asset from operating activities and from its eventual disposition, to the carrying amount of the asset. In the
event that the carrying amount exceeds the estimated future undiscounted cash flows, we recognize an impairment loss to adjust
the carrying amount of the asset to estimated fair value for assets held for use and fair value less costs to sell for assets held
for sale. There were no such impairment losses for the three or nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

In evaluating our hotel properties for
impairment, we make several estimates and assumptions, including, but not limited to, the projected date of disposition of the
properties, the estimated future cash flows of the properties during our ownership and the projected sales price of each of the
properties. A change in these estimates and assumptions could result in a change in the estimated undiscounted cash flows or fair
value of our hotel properties which could then result in different conclusions regarding impairment and material changes to our
consolidated financial statements. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-01,  Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Liabilities,  which enhances the reporting requirements
surrounding the measurement of financial instruments and requires equity securities to be measured at fair value with changes in
the fair value recognized through net income. ASU No. 2016-01 is effective for our fiscal year commencing on January 1, 2018. We
do not anticipate that the adoption of ASU No. 2016-01 will have a material effect on our consolidated financial position or our
consolidated results of operations. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-02,  Leases,  which changes lessee accounting to reflect the financial liability and right-of-use asset that are
inherent to leasing an asset on the balance sheet. ASU No. 2016-02 is effective for our fiscal year commencing on January 1, 2019,
but early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the effect that ASU 2016-02 will have on our consolidated financial statements
and related disclosures. We have not yet selected a transition date nor have we determined the effect of ASU No. 2016-02 on our
consolidated financial position or our consolidated results of operations. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting,  which simplifies the accounting for income taxes
for certain equity-based awards to employees. ASU No. 2016-09 is effective for our fiscal year commencing on January 1, 2017. We
do not anticipate that the adoption of ASU No. 2016-09 will have a material effect on our consolidated financial position or our
consolidated results of operations. 

Inflation   

As of September 30, 2016, our investments
consisted of ownership interests in twelve hotel properties and our notes receivable from related parties. Operators of hotels,
in general, possess the ability to adjust room rates daily to reflect the effects of inflation. Competitive pressures may, however,
limit the operators  ability to raise room rates. We are currently not experiencing any material impact from inflation. 

REIT Compliance  

To qualify as a REIT for tax purposes,
we will be required to distribute at least 90% of our REIT taxable income to our stockholders. We must also meet certain asset
and income tests, as well as other requirements. We will monitor the business and transactions that may potentially impact our
REIT status. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year following the taxable year in which we initially elect to be taxed
as a REIT, we will be subject to federal income tax (including any applicable alternative minimum tax) on our taxable income at
regular corporate rates and generally will not be permitted to qualify for treatment as a REIT for federal income tax purposes
for the four taxable years following the year during which our REIT qualification is lost unless the Internal Revenue Service grants
us relief under certain statutory provisions. Such an event could materially adversely affect our net income and net cash available
for distribution to our stockholders. 

Distributions  

Our board of directors has authorized distributions
to our stockholders that (1) accrue daily to our stockholders of record on each day; (2) are payable in cumulative amounts on or
before the 15th day of each calendar month and (3) are calculated at a rate of $0.002192 per share of the our common stock per
day, which, if paid each day over a 365-day period, is equivalent to an 8.0% annualized distribution rate based on a purchase price
of $10.00 per share of our common stock. 

The following table summarizes distributions
paid in cash and pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan (DRIP) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

(1)  Amount of distributions paid in shares of common stock pursuant to our DRIP.   

We paid $7,917,608 in aggregate distributions
in the first three quarters of 2016 which was comprised of $5,030,623 in cash distributions and $2,886,985 in shares issued pursuant
to our distribution reinvestment plan. We paid $7,641,145 in aggregate distributions in the first three quarters of 2015 which
was comprised of $4,952,261 in cash distributions and $2,688,884 in shares issued pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we had cash provided by operating activities of $6,001,864 and $4,321,247,
respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, approximately 76% of distributions were paid from cash provided by
operating activities and the remaining approximately 24% was paid from offering proceeds. 

Funds from Operations and Modified Funds from Operations  

One of our objectives is to provide cash
distributions to our stockholders from cash generated by our operations. Cash generated from operations is not equivalent to net
income as determined under GAAP. Due to certain unique operating characteristics of real estate companies, the National Association
of Real Estate Investment Trusts, or NAREIT, an industry trade group, has promulgated a standard known as Funds from Operations,
or FFO, which it believes more accurately reflects the operating performance of a REIT. As defined by NAREIT, FFO means net income
computed in accordance with GAAP, excluding gains (or losses) from sales of property, plus depreciation and amortization, and after
adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures in which the REIT holds an interest. We have adopted the NAREIT
definition for computing FFO because, in our view, FFO is a meaningful supplemental performance measure in conjunction with net
income. 

36  

Changes in the accounting and reporting
rules under GAAP that have been put into effect since the establishment of NAREIT s definition of FFO have prompted a significant
increase in the magnitude of non-cash and non-operating items included in FFO, as defined. As a result, in addition to FFO, we
also calculate modified funds from operations, or MFFO, a non-GAAP supplemental financial performance measure that our management
uses in evaluating our operating performance. Similar to FFO, MFFO excludes items such as depreciation and amortization. However,
MFFO excludes non-cash and non-operating items included in FFO, such as amortization of certain in-place lease intangible
assets and liabilities and the amortization of certain tenant incentives. Our calculation of MFFO will exclude these items,
as well as the effects of straight-line rent revenue recognition, fair value adjustments to derivative instruments that do not
qualify for hedge accounting treatment, non-cash impairment charges and certain other items, when applicable. Our calculation of
MFFO will also include, when applicable, items such as master lease rental receipts, which are excluded from net income (loss) and
FFO, but which we consider in the evaluation of the operating performance of our real estate investments. 

We believe that MFFO reflects the overall
impact on the performance of our real estate investments of occupancy rates, rental rates, property operating costs and development
activities, as well as general and administrative expenses and interest costs, which is not immediately apparent from net income
(loss). As such, we believe MFFO, in addition to net income (loss) as defined by GAAP, is a meaningful supplemental performance
measure which is used by our management to evaluate our operating performance and determine our operating, financing and dividend
policies. 

Please see the limitations listed below
associated with the use of MFFO as compared to net income (loss): 

Our calculation of MFFO will exclude any gains (losses) related to changes in estimated values of derivative instruments related
to any interest rate swaps which we hold. Although we expect to hold these instruments to maturity, if we were to settle these
instruments prior to maturity, it would have an impact on our operations. We do not currently hold any such derivate instruments
and thus our calculation of MFFO set forth in the table below does not reflect any such exclusion.   

Our calculation of MFFO will exclude any impairment charges related to long-lived assets that have been written down to current
market valuations. Although these losses will be included in the calculation of net income (loss), we will exclude them from MFFO
because we believe doing so will more appropriately present the operating performance of our real estate investments on a comparative
basis. We have not recognized any such impairment charges and thus our calculation of MFFO set forth in the table below does not
reflect any such exclusion.   

Our calculation of MFFO will exclude organizational and acquisition expenses payable to our advisor. Although these amounts
reduce net income, we fund such costs with proceeds from our offering and acquisition-related indebtedness and do not consider
these expenses in the evaluation of our operating performance and determining MFFO. Our calculation of MFFO set forth in the table
below reflects such exclusions.   

We
believe MFFO is useful to investors in evaluating how our portfolio might perform since our offering stage has been completed and,
as a result, may provide an indication of the sustainability of our distributions in the future. However, as described in greater
detail below, MFFO should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) or as an indication of our liquidity. Many of
the adjustments to MFFO are similar to adjustments required by SEC rules for the presentation of pro forma business combination
disclosures, particularly acquisition expenses, gains or losses recognized in business combinations and other activity not representative
of future activities. MFFO is also more comparable in evaluating our performance over time and as compared to other real estate
companies, which may not be as involved in acquisition activities or as affected by impairments and other non-operating charges.  

MFFO
has limitations as a performance measure. However, it is useful in assisting management and investors in assessing the sustainability
of operating performance in future operating periods, and in particular, after the offering and acquisition stages are complete
and net asset value is disclosed. MFFO is not a useful measure in evaluating net asset value because impairments are taken into
account in determining net asset value but not in determining MFFO. Investors are cautioned that due to the fact that impairments
are based on estimated future  undiscounted cash flows and given the relatively limited term of our operations, it could
be difficult to recover any impairment charges. 

The calculation of FFO and MFFO may
vary from entity to entity because capitalization and expense policies tend to vary from entity to entity. Consequently, our
presentation of FFO and MFFO may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures presented by other REITs. In addition,
FFO and MFFO should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) or to cash flows from operating activities and
are not intended to be used as a liquidity measure indicative of cash flow available to fund our cash needs. Acquisition
costs and other adjustments increased our MFFO which were significant uses of cash when we were in the acquisition phase of
our life cycle.  MFFO also excludes impairment charges, rental revenue  adjustments and
unrealized gains and losses related to certain other fair value adjustments. Accordingly, both FFO and MFFO should be
reviewed in connection with other GAAP measurements.  

37  

The table below summarizes our calculation
of FFO and MFFO for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and a reconciliation of such non-GAAP financial
performance measures to our net income (loss).  

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

As of September 30, 2016, we had no off-balance
sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in
financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Related-Party Transactions and Agreements  

We have entered into agreements with our
advisor and its affiliates whereby we have paid, and will continue to pay, certain fees to, or reimburse certain expenses of, our
advisor or its affiliates for acquisition and advisory fees and expenses, financing coordination fees, organization and offering
costs, sales commissions, dealer manager fees, asset and property management fees and expenses, leasing fees and reimbursement
of certain operating costs. Additionally, we have entered into a joint venture arrangement with affiliates of our advisor in connection
with the acquisition of the Hyatt Place note and have made loans to related parties. See Note 7 ( Related Party Arrangements )
to the consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report for a discussion of the various related-party transactions,
agreements and fees. 

Subsequent Events  

Distributions Declared   

On September 30, 2016, we declared a distribution
in the aggregate amount of $869,674, of which $558,819 was paid in cash on October 15, 2016 and $310,855 was paid pursuant to our
distribution reinvestment plan in the form of additional shares of our common stock. On October 31, 2016, we declared a distribution
in the aggregate amount of $900,668 which is scheduled to be paid in cash on or about November 15, 2016. 

Suspension of the DRIP   

On October 13, 2016, our board of directors
voted to suspend the DRIP. The suspension of the DRIP will become effective beginning with distributions made in November 2016
and will remain in effect unless and until the DRIP resumes, as determined by our board of directors. No modifications or changes
were made to the DRIP. 

Repurchase of Shares   

On October 12, 2016, we repurchased 1,320.00
shares requested to be redeemed during the quarter at an average price of $10.75 per share. Our share redemption program was suspended
in May 2016 in all cases other than death or qualifying disability. This repurchase was made pursuant to the death/qualifying disability
exception to the foregoing suspension. 

38  

ITEM     3.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT
MARKET RISK.  

Market risk is the adverse effect on the
value of a financial instrument that results from a change in interest rates. We may be exposed to interest rate changes primarily
as a result of long-term debt used to maintain liquidity, fund capital expenditures and expand our real estate investment portfolio
and operations. Market fluctuations in real estate financing may affect the availability and cost of funds needed to expand our
investment portfolio. In addition, restrictions upon the availability of real estate financing or high interest rates for real
estate loans could adversely affect our ability to dispose of real estate in the future. We will seek to limit the impact of interest
rate changes on earnings and cash flows and to lower our overall borrowing costs. We may use derivative financial instruments to
hedge exposures to changes in interest rates on loans secured by our assets. The market risk associated with interest-rate contracts
is managed by establishing and monitoring parameters that limit the types and degree of market risk that may be undertaken. 

With regard to variable rate financing,
our advisor will assess our interest rate cash flow risk by continually identifying and monitoring changes in interest rate exposures
that may adversely impact expected future cash flows and by evaluating hedging opportunities. Our advisor will maintain risk management
control systems to monitor interest rate cash flow risk attributable to both our outstanding and forecasted debt obligations as
well as our potential offsetting hedge positions. While this hedging strategy will be designed to minimize the impact on our net
income and funds from operations from changes in interest rates, the overall returns on your investment may be reduced. 

As of September 30, 2016, all of our outstanding
indebtedness accrued interest at a fixed rate and therefore an increase or decrease in interest rates would have no effect on our
interest expense. Interest rate fluctuations will generally not affect our future earnings or cash flows on our fixed rate debt
unless such instruments mature or are otherwise terminated. However, interest rate changes will affect the fair value of our fixed
rate instruments. As we expect to hold our fixed rate instruments to maturity and the amounts due under such instruments would
be limited to the outstanding principal balance and any accrued and unpaid interest, we do not expect that fluctuations in interest
rates, and the resulting change in fair value of our fixed rate instruments, would have a significant impact on our operations. 

The estimated fair value of our debt as
of September 30, 2016 was $175,000,000 based on discounted cash flow analyses. 

We are also exposed to interest rate risk
with respect to our notes receivable from related parties. While those notes bear interest at fixed rates for their respective
terms, changes in interest rates may affect the fair value of both notes. As of September 30, 2016, the carrying value of both
notes approximated the fair value. 

We will also be exposed to credit risk
with respect to any derivative contracts we enter into. Credit risk is the risk of failure by the counterparty to perform its obligations
under the terms of a derivative contract. If the fair value of a derivative contract is positive, the counterparty will owe us,
which creates credit risk for us. If the fair value of a derivative contract is negative, we will owe the counterparty and, therefore,
do not have credit risk. We will seek to minimize the credit risk in derivative instruments by entering into transactions with
high-quality counterparties. We did not hold any derivative contracts during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015. 

ITEM    4.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures  

As of the end of the period covered by
this quarterly report, management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange
Act). Based upon, and as of the date of, the evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that
our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report to ensure that
information required to be disclosed in the reports we file and submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported as and when required. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file and submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  

There have been no changes in our internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

39  

PART II OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM      1.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.  

From time to time, we may be party to legal
proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. Management is not aware of any legal proceedings of which the outcome
is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition, nor are we aware of
any such legal proceedings contemplated by government agencies. 

ITEM      1A.    RISK FACTORS.  

There have been no material changes to
the risk factors contained in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2016, except as
noted below. 

The signing of a definitive merger
agreement with respect to the proposed merger with REIT II is subject to many conditions, and there is no guarantee these conditions
will be met.   

Entry into a definitive merger
agreement with respect to the proposed merger with REIT II, as described herein, is subject to a number of conditions. These
conditions include, among other things, (i) each party s completion of, and its satisfaction with the results of,
financial, tax, legal, regulatory, environmental, operating and other due diligence with respect to the other party;
(ii) negotiation and execution of a definitive merger agreement and ancillary agreements satisfactory to each of the
parties; (iii) REIT II s ability to provide evidence of financing sufficient to consummate the proposed merger;
and (iv) the receipt of any government, stockholder, contractual or other approvals or consents related to the proposed
merger. Both our management and the management of REIT II will expend time and resources of their respective companies in the
negotiation of a definitive merger agreement and the fulfillment of the conditions thereof. Such time and resources may
otherwise have been allocated to other operational needs of our company and REIT II, respectively. Additionally, the LOI is
non-binding and there will be no contract or agreement regarding a transaction between us and REIT II until a definitive
merger agreement is signed. There can be no guarantee that, even upon the satisfaction of the foregoing conditions, and
others, we will enter into a definitive merger agreement with REIT II. Even if a definitive merger agreement is entered into,
there can be no assurance as to whether or when the conditions to the closing of the proposed merger will be satisfied or
waived, or as to whether or when the proposed merger will be consummated. 

ITEM    2.    UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND
USE OF PROCEEDS.  

During the three months ended September
30, 2016, we did not make any purchases of our equity securities, pursuant to our share redemption program or otherwise. As disclosed
above, on October 12, 2016, the Company repurchased 1,320.00 shares requested to be redeemed during the quarter at an average price
of $10.75 per share. The Company s share redemption program was suspended in May, 2016 in all cases other than death or qualifying
disability. This repurchase was made pursuant to the death/qualifying disability exception to the foregoing suspension. During
the three months ended September 30, 2016, we did not sell any equity securities which were not registered under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended. 

On April 15, 2009, our Registration Statement
on Form S-11 (File No. 333-150612), registering our initial public offering, was declared effective by the SEC and we commenced
that offering. In our initial public offering we offered up to $1,000,000,000 in shares of our common stock to the public at $10.00
per share and up to $100,000,000 in shares of our common stock to our stockholders pursuant to the DRIP at $9.50 per share. On
October 12, 2012, our Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-179521) registering our follow-on offering was declared
effective by the SEC and our initial public offering automatically terminated. In our follow-on offering we offered up to $900,000,000
in shares of our common stock to the public at $10.00 per share and up to $100,000,000 in shares of our common stock to our stockholders
pursuant to the DRIP at $9.50 per share. Effective February 20, 2015, we terminated the offer and sale of shares of our common
stock to the public in our follow-on offering, and continued to issue shares pursuant to the DRIP. On November 4, 2015, we filed
a new Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-207805) with the SEC to register the sale of up to $25,000,000 in shares
of our common stock in our DRIP offering. 

Upon the termination of our follow-on offering,
we had accepted investors  subscriptions for, and issued 11,720,956 shares of our common stock in that offering, including
510,457 shares of our common stock issued pursuant to the DRIP, resulting in aggregate gross offering proceeds of $112,104,990.
As of September 30, 2016, we have raised $128,202,074 in gross offering proceeds in our initial public offering and our follow-on
offering, including through shares issued pursuant to the DRIP. We continue to offer shares of common stock pursuant to the DRIP
offering. 

40  

As of December 31, 2015, we had incurred
selling commissions, dealer manager fees and organization and other offering costs in our initial public offering and our follow-on
offering, including shares issued pursuant to the DRIP in those offerings, in the amounts set forth in the tables below. Moody
Securities, LLC, our dealer manager, re-allowed all of the selling commissions and a portion of the dealer manager fees to participating
broker-dealers. 

Initial Public Offering:  

Type of Expense    
     Amount    
     Estimated/Actual  
 
     Selling commissions and dealer manager fees    
     $  936,994       
        Actual     
 
     Finders  fees    

Expenses paid to or for underwriters    

Other organization and offering costs    
        780,167       
        Actual     
 
     Total expenses    
     $  1,717,161       

Follow-On Offering:  

DRIP Offering : 

We do not pay any selling commissions or
dealer manager fees in connection with the offering of shares pursuant to our DRIP offering. As of September 30, 2016, we had incurred
$124,000 of offering costs in connection with our DRIP offering. 

As of September 30, 2016, the net offering
proceeds to us from our initial public offering and our follow-on offering, after deducting the total expenses incurred as described
above, were $107,232,945 excluding $5,130,370 in offering proceeds from shares of our common stock issued pursuant to the DRIP.
As of September 30, 2016, the ratio of the cost of raising capital to capital raised was approximately 13%. 

We intend to use substantially all of the
remaining net proceeds from the foregoing offerings to continue to invest in a portfolio of real properties, real estate securities
and debt-related investments. As of September 30, 2016, we had used $98,960,327 of the net proceeds from the foregoing offerings,
plus debt financing, to purchase (1) our fourteen investments in hotel properties (including our investments in an interest in
a hotel property that was sold on August 23, 2012 and a hotel property that was sold on September 9, 2015), (2) the Hyatt Place
Note and (3) the notes receivable from related parties. As of September 30, 2016, we had paid $10,018,828 of acquisition expenses
to third parties. 

For more information regarding how we used
our net offering proceeds through September 30, 2016, see our financial statements included in this quarterly report. 

ITEM       3.    DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES.  

None. 

ITEM      4.    MINE SAFTEY DISCLOSURES.  

Not applicable. 

ITEM  5.    OTHER INFORMATION.  

None. 

41  

ITEM      6.    EXHIBITS.  

3.1 
     Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Moody National REIT I, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (No. 333-150612) and incorporated herein by reference)  

3.2 
     Bylaws of Moody National REIT I, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (No. 333-150612) and incorporated herein by reference)   

3.3 
     Amendment No. 1 to Bylaws of Moody National REIT I, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.3 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (No. 333-150612) and incorporated herein by reference)   

4.1 
     Form of Account Update Form (included as Appendix B to the prospectus, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to Registration Statement on Form S-11 (No. 333-179521), filed on April 30, 2015)   

4.2 
     Moody National REIT I, Inc. Amended and Restated Distribution Reinvestment Plan (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-207805) and incorporated herein by reference)  

31.1* 
     Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

31.2* 
     Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

32.1* 
     Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

32.2* 
     Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

101.INS 
     XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

* Filed herewith.  

42  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

MOODY NATIONAL REIT I, INC.  

Date: November 14, 2016 
       
     By: 
     /s/ Brett C. Moody  

Brett C. Moody  

Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: November 14, 2016 
       
     By: 
     /s/ Robert W. Engel  

Robert W. Engel  

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

EXHIBIT INDEX  

3.1 
     Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Moody National REIT I, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (No. 333-150612) and incorporated herein by reference)  

3.2 
     Bylaws of Moody National REIT I, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (No. 333-150612) and incorporated herein by reference)   

3.3 
     Amendment No. 1 to Bylaws of Moody National REIT I, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.3 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (No. 333-150612) and incorporated herein by reference)   

4.1 
     Form of Account Update Form (included as Appendix B to the prospectus, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to Registration Statement on Form S-11 (No. 333-179521), filed on April 30, 2015)   

4.2 
     Moody National REIT I, Inc. Amended and Restated Distribution Reinvestment Plan (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-207805) and incorporated herein by reference)   

31.1* 
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002    

31.2* 
      Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002    

32.1* 
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002    

32.2* 
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002    

101.INS 
     XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

* Filed herewith.  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Moody National REIT I, Inc. 10-Q   

   EXHIBIT
31.1   

Certification
of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to   
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

I,  Brett
C. Moody, certify that:  

1.    I have
                                         reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Moody National REIT I, Inc.;    

2.    Based on
                                         my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
                                         omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
                                         circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
                                         period covered by this report;    

3.    Based on
                                         my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
                                         report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
                                         and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.    The registrant s
                                         other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
                                         controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
                                         internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
                                         and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

a) 
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c)
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report
based on such evaluation; and  

d)
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and  

5.    The
                                         registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
                                         evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
                                         and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
                                         the equivalent functions):    

a)
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and  

b)
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: November
14, 2016  

/s/
    Brett C. Moody   

Brett C. Moody   

Chairman of the Board,
    Chief Executive Officer and President   

(Principal Executive
    Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Moody National REIT I, Inc. 10-Q  

  EXHIBIT 31.2   

Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting
Officer Pursuant to   
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

I,  Robert W. Engel, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Moody National REIT I, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)  Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d)  Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Robert W. Engel  

Robert W. Engel  

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OIF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Moody National REIT I, Inc. 10-Q  

  EXHIBIT 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE  
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 and in connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Moody National REIT I, Inc. (the  Company ) for
the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ),
the undersigned, the Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, certifies, to his knowledge, that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Brett C. Moody  

Brett C. Moody  

Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Moody National REIT I, Inc. 10-Q  

  EXHIBIT 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE  
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 and in connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Moody National REIT I, Inc. (the  Company ) for
the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ),
the undersigned, the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, certifies, to his knowledge, that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Robert W. Engel  

Robert W. Engel  

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer                                                                                                     
       
     (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 mnrti-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 mnrti-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 mnrti-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 mnrti-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 mnrti-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 mnrti-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

