<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161031_10-K_edgar_data_1498122_0001213900-16-017813_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1435392</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>73061</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>107308</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>406534</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>454257</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>347209</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>44</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-017813.hdr.sgml : 20161031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161031171136
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-017813
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		39
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Praco Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001498122
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE OPERATORS (NO DEVELOPERS) & LESSORS [6510]
		IRS NUMBER:				271497347
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-169802
		FILM NUMBER:		161962440

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		159 NORTH STATE STREET
		CITY:			NEWTOWN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			18940
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(215) 968-1600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		159 NORTH STATE STREET
		CITY:			NEWTOWN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			18940

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Hunt For Travel, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100803

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-017813.txt : 20161031

10-K
 1
 f10k2016_pracocorporation.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-K   

(Mark
One)    

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016   

or   

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the transition period from ___________to ___________   

Commission
file number 333-169802   

PRACO
CORPORATION    

  (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code:  (215) 968-1600   

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  

Title
    of each class:  
         
      Name
    of each exchange on which registered:   
 
       None   
         
       None    

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes  
No    

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes  
No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   No    

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (  229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this   Form 10-K.    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
         
      Smaller reporting company  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting
    company)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes   No

State the aggregate market value of
the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was
last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most
recently completed second fiscal quarter: N/A 

As of October 31, 2016, the registrant had 6,902,500 shares of its common stock outstanding.  

TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

PAGE   

PART I    

Item 1.   
       Business.   
      1   
 
       Item 1A.   
       Risk Factors.   
      2   
 
       Item 2.   
       Properties.   
      2   
 
       Item 3.   
       Legal Proceedings.   
      2   
 
       Item 4.   
       Mine Safety Disclosures.   
      2   

PART II    

Item 5.   
       Market for Registrant s
    Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.   
      2   
 
       Item 6.   
       Selected Financial
    Data.   
      3   
 
       Item 7.   
       Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation.   
      3   
 
       Item 7A.   
       Quantitative and
    Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.   
      4   
 
       Item 8.   
       Financial Statements
    and Supplementary Data.   
      4   
 
       Item 9.   
       Changes in and Disagreements
    with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.   
      5   
 
       Item 9A.   
       Controls and Procedures.   
      6   
 
       Item 9B.   
       Other Information.   
      6   

PART III    

Item 10.   
       Directors, Executive
    Officers and Corporate Governance.   
      7   
 
       Item 11.   
       Executive Compensation.   
      9   
 
       Item 12.   
       Security Ownership
    of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.   
      10   
 
       Item 13.   
       Certain Relationships
    and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.   
      10   
 
       Item 14.   
       Principal Accounting
    Fees and Services.   
      12   

PART IV    

Item 15.   
       Exhibits, Financial
    Statement Schedules.   
      F-1   

SIGNATURES    
       14   

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   

Certain
information included in this report or in other materials we have filed or will file with the SEC (as well as information included
in oral statements or other written statements made or to be made by us) contains or may contain forward-looking statements within
the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. You
can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate to matters of strictly historical or factual nature and generally
discuss or relate to estimates or other expectations regarding future events. They contain words such as  anticipate, 
 estimate,   expect,   project,   intend,   plan,   believe, 
 may,   can,   could,   might,   should  and other words or phrases
of similar meaning in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance. Such statements may include,
but are not limited to, information related to: anticipated operating results; consumer demand; financial resources and condition;
changes in revenues; changes in profitability; changes in margins; changes in accounting treatment; cost of revenues; selling,
general and administrative expenses; interest expense; growth and expansion; anticipated income or benefits to be realized from
our investments in unconsolidated entities; the ability to produce the liquidity and capital necessary to expand and take advantage
of opportunities; legal proceedings and claims.  

From
time to time, forward-looking statements also are included in other periodic reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K, in press releases,
in presentations, on our website and in other materials released to the public. Any or all of the forward-looking statements included
in this report and in any other reports or public statements made by us are not guarantees of future performance and may turn
out to be inaccurate. This can occur as a result of incorrect assumptions or as a consequence of known or unknown risks and uncertainties.
Many factors mentioned in this report or in other reports or public statements made by us, such as government regulation and the
competitive environment, will be important in determining our future performance. Consequently, actual results may differ materially
from those that might be anticipated from our forward-looking statements.  

Forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date they are made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  

PART
I   

Item 1.   Business.   

Praco Corporation (the  Company ),
a Nevada corporation, was incorporated on December 15, 2009 as Hunt for Travel, Inc. to design and market travel excursions featuring
entertainment, adventure, intellectual stimulation and access to experts on topics related to the destinations they visit. The
Company is now a  shell company  as defined in Rule 12b-2 promulgated under the Exchange Act, as amended, as we have
no operations. The Company no longer operates in the travel industry sector. Our current intention is to close the Exchange Agreement,
as defined and described below. If the Exchange Agreement closes, we will, through our majority-owned subsidiaries, own and manage
real estate around Philadelphia and the Delaware Valley. 

On July 3, 2012, the Company entered into an
Equity Exchange Agreement (the  Exchange Agreement ) with Hawk Opportunity Fund, LP, a Delaware limited partnership
( Hawk ), Philly Residential Acquisition LP, a Pennsylvania limited partnership ( Philly ), Green Homes
Real Estate, LP, a Pennsylvania limited partnership ( GH ), Nidus, LP, a Delaware limited partnership ( Nidus ),
and several other related parties. In the years since the Exchange Agreement was signed, the assets of Nidus have been sold and
Nidus will no longer be a part of the transactions contemplated by the Exchange Agreement. Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement,
the Company will issue 3,100,000 shares of its common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, to Hawk, and in connection therewith,
the Company will receive 89% of the aggregate equity interest of each of Philly and GH. 

The
closing of the Exchange Agreement (the  Closing ) is still subject to certain conditions such as the completion of
an audit of Philly and GH, and the approval of the transaction from a lender, if necessary. These conditions of Closing have not
occurred and they may never be fulfilled, so the Closing may never occur. As the Closing has not yet occurred, the Company has
no interest in Philly and GH or any real estate at this time.  

Philly
and GH own and manage real estate around Philadelphia and the Delaware Valley. Together these entities own approximately 225 separate
properties. These are primarily comprised of residential rental units which provide a steady stream of income. If and when the
Closing occurs, the Company will be the majority-owner and assume the operations of each of Philly and GH.  

On
May 19, 2015, Carolyn Hunter, the Company s sole officer and sole director, in accordance with the by-laws of the Company,
increased the number of members on the Company s Board of Directors (the  Board ) to four members and named
three new members to the Board. Ms. Hunter named R. Scott Williams, David Callan, and Alan Cohen as new members of the Board,
all of whom have accepted their appointments.  

Subsequently,
on May 19, 2015, Ms. Hunter submitted a letter of resignation to the Board in which she resigned, effective immediately, as
an officer and a member of the Board. Ms. Hunter did not resign as the result of any disagreement with the Company on any
matter relating to its operation, policies (including accounting or financial policies), or practices.  

On
May 19, 2015, Carolyn Hunter and R. Scott Williams entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement pursuant to which Ms. Hunter sold to
Mr. Williams all 5,000,000 of the shares of the Company s common stock she previously owned.  

On
May 19, 2015, the Board accepted Ms. Hunter s resignation and appointed Mr. Robert Craig to replace Ms. Hunter as a member
of the Board. The Board appointed Mr. Williams as the Company s sole officer. That is, Mr. Williams now serves as the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, and Secretary. Mr. Craig accepted his appointment to the
Board and Mr. Williams accepted his appointment as the Company s sole officer.  

Messrs.
Williams and Callan share voting and investment control over Hawk, Philly, and GH, the entities party to the Exchange Agreement.  

Item 1A.   Risk Factors.   

Not
required for smaller reporting companies.  

Item 1B.   Unresolved Staff Comments.   

None.  

Item 2. Properties   

Our
principal executive office is located at 159 North State Street, Newtown, PA 18940. Our telephone number is (215) 968-1600.  

Item 3. Legal Proceedings.   

We
are currently not involved in any litigation that we believe could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or
results of operations. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government
agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of the Company, threatened
against or affecting the Company, our common stock, or the Company s officers or directors in their capacities as such,
in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect.  

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.   

Not
applicable.  

PART
II   

Item 5.   Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.   

Our
stock is listed on the OTC Pink Current Information marketplace under the symbol  PRAY . There is currently no established
public trading market for shares of our common stock.  Management does not expect any viable market to develop in our
common stock unless and until we complete an acquisition or merger such as the Closing. In any event, no assurance can be given
that any market for our common stock will develop or be maintained.  

Common
Stock   

Our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes
the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share. As of October 31, 2016, 420,000 shares
of our common stock are held by depositaries, brokers and other nominees, therefore the number of beneficial holders of our shares
is larger than the number of stockholders of record. 

Preferred
Stock   

Our certificate of incorporation authorizes
the issuance of up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share. As of October 31, 2016, there were no
shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

Dividends   

To
date, we have not declared or paid any dividends on our common stock. We currently do not anticipate paying any cash dividends
in the foreseeable future on our common stock. Although we intend to retain our earnings, if any, to finance the exploration and
growth of our business, our Board will have the discretion to declare and pay dividends in the future.  

Payment
of dividends in the future will depend upon our earnings, capital requirements, and other factors, which our Board of Directors
may deem relevant.  

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans   

We presently do not have any equity based or
other long-term incentive programs. In the future, we may adopt and establish an equity-based or other long-term incentive plan
if it is in the best interest of the Company and our stockholders to do so. 

Item 6.   Selected Financial Data.   

We
are not required to provide the information required by this Item because we are a smaller reporting company.  

Item 7.   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations.   

The
following plan of operation provides information which management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our
results of operations and financial condition. The discussion should be read along with our financial statements and notes thereto.
This section includes a number of forward-looking statements that reflect our current views with respect to future events and
financial performance. Forward-looking statements are often identified by words like  believe ,  expect ,
 estimate ,  anticipate ,  intend ,  project  and similar expressions, or words
which, by their nature, refer to future events. You should not place undue certainty on these forward-looking statements. These
forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially
from our predictions.  

Plan
of Operations   

The Company was incorporated on December 15,
2009 as Hunt for Travel, Inc. to design and market travel excursions featuring entertainment, adventure, intellectual stimulation
and access to experts on topics related to the destinations they visit. The Company is now a  shell company  as defined
in Rule 12b-2 promulgated under the Exchange Act, as amended, as we have no operations. The Company no longer operates in the
travel industry sector. Our current intention is to close the Exchange Agreement and if it closes, we will, through our majority-owned
subsidiaries, own and manage real estate around Philadelphia and the Delaware Valley. 

Limited
Operating History   

We
have generated no independent financial history and have not previously demonstrated that we will be able to expand our business.
Our business is subject to risks inherent in growing an enterprise, including limited capital resources and possible rejection
of our business model and/or sales methods.  

Critical
Accounting Policies, Estimates, and Judgments    

Our
financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation
of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. We continually evaluate our estimates and judgments. Materially different results can
occur as circumstances change and additional information becomes known. Besides the estimates identified in the footnotes to our
financial statements, we make many other accounting estimates in preparing our financial statements and related disclosures. All
estimates, whether or not deemed critical, affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, as well as disclosures
of contingent assets and liabilities. These estimates and judgments are also based on historical experience and other factors
that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Materially different results can occur as circumstances change and
additional information becomes known, even for estimates and judgments that are not deemed critical.  

Results
of Operations   

For
the Year Ended June 30, 2016 Compared to the Year Ended June 30, 2015   

We
had no revenue for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015.  

Net
loss for the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 were $84,349 and $100,003, respectively. For each of the respective years, professional
fees amounted to $45,434 and $67,573; general and administrative expenses amounted to $14,451 and $13,780, and interest expense
amounted to $24,464 and $18,650. For the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, $24,420 and $18,650 of interest expense related to
imputed interest (see Item 13). Professional fees decreased by approximately $22,000, which primarily related to a reduction in
real estate consulting fees.  

Capital
Resources and Liquidity   

As
of June 30, 2016, we had $29 cash on hand.  The Company does not anticipate generating any revenues until it closes
the Exchange Agreement. After the Closing, if the Closing occurs, the Company will re-position itself as an owner and manager
of real estate. At such time, the Company anticipates that it will generate revenues through rental income from the real property
owned by its future majority-owned subsidiaries.  

We
believe that our expenses will be very limited until the Closing, however, we must obtain additional funds in order to support
our daily operations until that time. As a result, we will have to raise funds by obtaining loans from related parties or issue
common stock in exchange for cash.  However, we cannot make any assurance that we will be able to receive funds. If
the Closing never occurs, we may have difficulty continuing our daily operations. Should this occur, we will attempt to combine
with another entity. If this is not possible, we may be forced to suspend or cease operations.  

We
anticipate that depending on market conditions and our plan of operations, we may incur operating losses in the foreseeable future.
Therefore, there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.  

Cash   

The
following table summarized the sources and uses of cash for the years then ended. For the same period, the Company held no cash
equivalents.  

For
the year ended June 30, 2016:  

Operating activities, primarily decreased
due to an overall loss of $84,349, offset by non-cash In-kind interest and services in the amount of $29,620. The change in financing
activities relate to proceeds received from GH. 

For
the year ended June 30, 2015:  

Operating
activities, primarily decreased due to an overall loss of $100,003, offset by non-cash In-kind interest and services in the amount
of $23,850 and an increase in accounts payable by $6,138. The change in financing activities relate to proceeds received from various
related parties (see Item 13).  

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements   

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements
as of June 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Item 7A.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.   

We
are not required to provide the information required by this Item because we are a smaller reporting company.  

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.   

The financial statements and notes thereto appear on pages F-1
to F-11 of this Annual Report on Form 10K.  

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.   

(a)
Dismissal of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   

On September  30, 2016, the board of directors (the  Board ) of Praco Corporation (the  Company )
dismissed Liggett and Webb, P.A. (f/k/a Liggett, Vogt   Webb P.A) ( LVW ), as the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm. 

LVW s report on the financial statements
for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2015, contained no adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion, and were not qualified or modified
as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principle other than the substantial doubt that the Company would continue as a going
concern. The reports of LVW were prepared on a going concern basis but the Company s recurring losses from operations and
negative cash flows from operating activities raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. 

During the fiscal year ended June 30,
2015, and in the subsequent interim periods through September 30, 2016, the date of dismissal of LVW, there were no
disagreements between the Company and LVW on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure
or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of LVW, would have caused them to
make reference to the subject matter of the disagreements in its reports on the financial statements for such year. During
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2015, and in the subsequent interim period through September 30, 2016, the date of dismissal of
LVW, there were no reportable events as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K.  

On October 12, 2016, LVW submitted a letter
to the U.S Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 8-K stating their agreement with the above.  

(b)
New Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   

Effective
as of June 1, 2016, the Board approved the engagement of Friedman LLP ( Friedman ), as the Company s new independent
registered public accounting firm.  

During
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2015, and the subsequent interim period prior to the engagement of Friedman, the Company has not
consulted Friedman regarding (i) the application of accounting principles to any specified transaction, either completed or proposed;
(ii) the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company s financial statements, and either a written report
was provided to the registrant or oral advice was provided that the new accountant concluded was an important factor considered
by the registrant in reaching a decision as to the accounting, auditing or financial reporting issue; or (iii) any matter that
was either the subject of a disagreement (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v)) or a reportable event (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v)).  

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures.   

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

Pursuant
to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( Exchange Act ), the Company carried out an evaluation,
with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary,
Treasurer and Director, of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule
13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Company s
CEO and CFO concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act, is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Company s CEO and CFO, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  

Management's
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.   

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as required under
applicable United States securities regulatory requirements. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a 15(f)
or 15d 15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company s
chief executive and chief financial officers and effected by the company s board of directors, management and other personnel,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that:  

Pertain
                                         to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect
                                         the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;    

Provide
                                         reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
                                         of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
                                         and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with
                                         authorizations of management and directors of the company; and    

Provide
                                         reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
                                         use of disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on
                                         the financial statements.    

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. A system of
internal controls can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met, no matter
how well the system is conceived or operated. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to
the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate.  

Our
management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2016. In
making this assessment, our management, used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission ( COSO ) in 2013 in Internal Control Integrated Framework. Based on that evaluation under this framework,
our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective because of the following significant
deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting:  

Due
                                         to our small number of employees and resources, we have limited segregation of duties,
                                         as a result of which there is insufficient independent review of duties performed;    

As
                                         a result of the limited number of accounting personnel, we rely on outside consultants
                                         for the preparation of our financial reports, including financial statements and management
                                         discussion and analysis, which could lead to overlooking items requiring disclosure.    

This
annual report does not include an attestation report by our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. As we are neither a large accelerated filer nor an accelerated filer, our management s report
was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission
that permit us to provide only management s report in this annual report.  

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

None.  

Item
9B. Other Information.   

None.  

PART
III   

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.   

The following table sets forth the name
and age of our officers and directors as of October 31, 2016. Our executive officer is elected annually by our Board of Directors.
Our executive officer holds office until he resigns, is removed by the Board, or his successor is elected and qualified. 

Name   
         
       Age   
         
       Position    
 
      R. Scott Williams  
         
      64  
         
      Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial
    Officer, Treasurer, Secretary, and Director.   

David Callan  
         
      51  
         
      Director.   

Alan Cohen   
         
      76  
         
      Director.   

Robert Craig  
         
      54  
         
      Director.   

Set
forth below is a brief description of the background and business experience of our executive officers and directors.  

Scott Williams  began his career in the
investment industry in 1978 with A. G. Edwards and Sons, Inc. He has been with firms as diverse as Drexel Burnham Lambert, Prudential
Securities, and Pennsylvania Merchant Group a boutique investment-banking firm. Over a 35-year period he has been involved in the
management of areas in the industry as diverse as high net worth accounts, a high yield trading desk and banking group, and retail
and institutional sales forces. 

Beginning in 2004, Mr. Williams partnered with
David Callan to form Hawk Management. Hawk Management was created to be the investment advisor to Hawk Opportunity Fund. The Fund,
launched in 2005, was designed to allow Callan and Williams to use their expertise in distressed and bankrupt securities to take
major positions in those situations they deemed investment worthy. 

To date, the Fund has aggregated over $30,000,000
in assets under management. 

Mr. Williams attended the University of Oklahoma
and received a BA in Political Science and a minor in Economics in 1975. 

David
Callan  has been one of the directors since May 19, 2015 and has, since 2005, been a partner and portfolio manager of Hawk,
a distressed public and private debt and equity fund. The fund currently has over $35,000,000 in assets under management. In addition,
since 2012 Mr. Callan has been President of Playa Dulce Vida S.A., a Costa Rican holding company that owns the Arenas del Mar
Beachfront and Rainforest Resort in Punta Quepos, Costa Rica. Mr. Callan holds a B.S. in Finance from Indiana University of Pennsylvania.  

Alan
Cohen  has been one of our directors since May 19, 2015 and has, since 2013, been the President of CA Consulting, a firm that
provides accounting services. From 2009 to 2013, Mr. Cohen was the Vice-Chairman and Treasurer of Aim Learning Group, an educational
media company. Mr. Cohen was instrumental in Aim s 2009 acquisition of Learn 360, an interactive media-on-demand service
for the K-12 education market. Mr. Cohen then hired the investment bank that arranged the 2013 sale of virtually all the assets
of Aim and Learn 360. Mr. Cohen is a licensed CPA, a veteran of the U.S. Army, and he holds a B.S. in accounting from Queens College
in New York City.  

Robert
Craig  has been one of our directors since May 19, 2015 and has, since March 2011, been CEO and Chairman of the Board of Directors
of Next Fuel, Inc. Next Fuel is a provider of water consulting, filtration technology and services to the oil and gas industry,
as well as other industrial water users in agriculture and food processing. From January 2003 until December 2010, Mr. Craig was
a founder and owner of WYTEX Ventures, LLC, a coal bed methane exploration and production company based in Wyoming. From May 1998
until December 2002, Mr. Craig was the Vice President of JP Morgan Chase, a commercial banking firm in which Mr. Craig managed
a commercial banking sales force of seven bankers. Mr. Craig was awarded a BBA in 1998 and an MBA in 2001 from the University
of Houston.  

Term
of Office   

Our
directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until
removed from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until
removed by the board.  

Family Relationships  

No family relationship has ever existed between
any director, executive officer of the Company, and any person contemplated to become such. 

Employment
Agreements   

We
currently do not have an employment agreement with Mr. Williams.  

Certain
Legal Proceedings   

To
the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years:  

B een
convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
offenses);   

Had any bankruptcy
    petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business association
    of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior
    to that time;   

Been subject to
    any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or
    federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement
    in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities,
    or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity;   

Been found by a
    court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have
    violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated;   

Been the subject
    of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed,
    suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged
    violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial
    institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement
    or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or
    any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or   

Been the subject
    of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
    (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity
    Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members
    or persons associated with a member.   

Except
as set forth in our discussion below in  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,  none of our directors or
executive officers has been involved in any transactions with us or any of our directors, executive officers, affiliates or associates
which are required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC.  

Code
of Ethics   

We
have not adopted a code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting
officer, or persons performing similar functions, because of the small number of persons involved in the management of the Company.  

Board
Committees   

Our
Board of Directors has no separate committees and our Board of Directors acts as the audit committee and the compensation committee.
We do not have an audit committee financial expert serving on our Board of Directors.  

Item 11.   Executive Compensation.   

The
following sets forth information with respect to the compensation awarded or paid to our officers and directors in fiscal 2016
and fiscal 2015.  

Summary
Compensation Table   

The
following table sets forth information regarding each element of compensation that we paid or awarded to our officers and directors
in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015.  

(2)    Messrs.
                                         Williams, Callan, Cohen, and Craig were appointed to their current positions on May 19,
                                         2015.    

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End    

We
had no outstanding equity awards as of the end of fiscal 2016.  

Compensation
of Directors   

Our
directors are not compensated for their services as directors.  

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation   

Our
Board does not have a compensation committee and the entire Board performs the functions of a compensation committee.  

Messrs.
Williams and Craig are both members of the board of directors of Next Fuel, Inc. and Mr. Craig is the CEO of Next Fuel.  

Item 12.   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.    

The
following table provides the names and addresses of each person known to us to own more than 5% of our outstanding shares of common
stock as of October 31, 2016 and by the officers and directors, individually and as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, all
shares are owned directly and the shareholders listed possesses sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown.
Unless otherwise specified, the address of each of the persons set forth below is care of the company at the address of: 159 North
State Street, Newtown, PA 18940.   

(2)   Scott
Williams is only a 3.38% limited partner of Hawk Opportunity Fund LP, but based on his overall control and management of Hawk,
the Hawk shares are combined for this presentation.   

Item 13.   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.   

There
are no related party transactions with regard to Messrs. Cohen and Craig reportable under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.  

With
regard to Messrs. Williams and Callan, they share voting and investment control over Hawk, Philly, and GH, the entities party
to the Exchange Agreement more fully discussed under Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations.  

The
Closing is still subject to certain conditions such as the completion of an audit of Philly and GH, and the approval of the transaction
from a lender, if necessary. These conditions of Closing have not occurred and they may never be fulfilled, so the Closing may
never occur. As the Closing has not yet occurred, the Company has no interest in Philly and GH or any real estate at this time.  

Philly
and GH own and manage real estate around Philadelphia and the Delaware Valley. Together these entities own approximately 225 separate
properties. These are primarily comprised of residential rental units which provide a steady stream of income.  

If
and when the Closing occurs, the Company will be the majority-owner and assume the operations of each of Philly and GH. Through
these majority-owned subsidiaries, the Company will own and manage real estate around Philadelphia and the Delaware Valley.  

In
addition, on the following dates, the Company received the following amounts from or had expenses paid on their behalf by Messrs.
Williams and Callan themselves or by entities over which Messrs. Williams and Callan share control:  

Director
Independence  

Allan
Cohen and Robert Craig are independent directors. Because our common stock is not currently listed on a national securities exchange,
we have used the definition of  independence  of The NASDAQ Stock Market to make this determination. NASDAQ Listing
Rule 5605(a)(2) provides that an  independent director  is a person other than an officer or employee of the company
or any other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the Company s Board of Directors, would interfere
with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. The NASDAQ listing rules provide
that a director cannot be considered independent if:  

the
    director is, or at any time during the past three years was, an employee of the company;   

the director or
    a family member of the director accepted any compensation from the company in excess of $120,000 during any period of 12 consecutive
    months within the three years preceding the independence determination (subject to certain exclusions, including, among other
    things, compensation for board or board committee service);   

a family member
    of the director is, or at any time during the past three years was, an executive officer of the company;   

the director or
    a family member of the director is a partner in, controlling stockholder of, or an executive officer of an entity to which
    the company made, or from which the company received, payments in the current or any of the past three fiscal years that exceed
    5% of the recipient s consolidated gross revenue for that year or $200,000, whichever is greater (subject to certain
    exclusions);   

the director or
    a family member of the director is employed as an executive officer of an entity where, at any time during the past three
    years, any of the executive officers of the company served on the compensation committee of such other entity; or   

the director or
    a family member of the director is a current partner of the company s outside auditor, or at any time during the past
    three years was a partner or employee of the company s outside auditor, and who worked on the company s audit.   

We
do not currently have a separately designated audit, nominating or compensation committee.  

Item 14.   Principal Accounting Fees and Services.   

Audit
Fees   

For
fiscal years ended June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015, the Company was billed $14,435 and $14,700, respectively, for professional
services rendered for the audit and reviews of our financial statements by Liggett   Webb, P.A.  

Audit
Related Fees   

The
Company did not incur any audit related fees, other than the fees discussed above.  

Tax
Fees   

For
the Company s fiscal years ended June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015, we were not billed for professional services rendered
for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning.  

All
Other Fees   

The
Company did not incur any other fees, other than the fees discussed above, for services related to our audit for the fiscal
years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015.  

Pre-Approval
of Services   

We
do not have an audit committee. As a result, our Board of Directors performs the duties of an audit committee. Our Board of Directors
evaluates and approves in advance the scope and cost of the engagement of an auditor before the auditor renders the audit and
non-audit services. We do not rely on pre-approval policies and procedures.  

PART
IV   

Item 15.   Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.   

(a)    
      The
    following documents are filed as part of this report:   

Financial
Statements:   

The
balance sheet of the Company as of June 30, 2016, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders  deficit
and cash flows for the year then ended, the footnotes thereto, and the report have been audited by Friedman LLP, and for the year
end June 30, 2015, the financial information was audited by Liggett  Webb, P.A., both being independent auditors, are filed
herewith.  

PRACO
CORPORATION   

CONTENTS   

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM  

To the Directors of 

 Praco Corporation 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of Praco Corporation. (the  Company ) as of June 30, 2016, and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders 
deficit, and cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2016. The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not
required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included
consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the financial statements referred
to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Praco Corporation as of June 30, 2016, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2016 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern.  As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements,
the Company's losses, negative cash flows from operations and working capital deficit raise substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern.  Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2.  The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. 

/s/ Friedman LLP 

Marlton, New Jersey 

 October 31, 2016 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM    

To
the Board of Directors of:  

  Praco Corporation  

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Praco Corporation (the  Company ) as of June 30, 2015 and the related
statements of operations, changes in stockholders' deficit and cash flows for the year ending June 30, 2015. These financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements
based on our audit.  

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly in all material respects, the financial position of Praco
Corporation as of June 30, 2015 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ending June 30, 2015 in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 6 to the financial statements, the Company has minimal operations, used cash in operations of $70,015 and has a net loss
for the year of $100,003. The Company also has a working capital deficit and stockholders' deficit of $281,661 as of June 30,
2015. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans concerning
these matters are also described in Note 6. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the
outcome of this uncertainty.  

LIGGETT,
VOGT   WEBB, P.A.     

   Certified Public Accountants   

Boynton
Beach, Florida  

  October 13, 2015  

PRACO CORPORATION  

  BALANCE SHEETS  

  JUNE 30, 2016 AND 2015  

See accompanying notes to financial
statements 

PRACO CORPORATION  

  STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

  YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2016 AND 2015  

See accompanying notes to financial
statements 

PRACO CORPORATION  

  STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT  

  YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2016 AND 2015  

See accompanying notes to financial
statements 

PRACO CORPORATION  

  STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2016 AND 2015  

See accompanying notes to financial
statements 

NOTE
1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ORGANIZATION    

(A)
Organization     

Hunt
for Travel, Inc. (the  Company ) was incorporated in Nevada on December 15, 2009 to design and market enrichment excursions
for U.S. travelers. The enrichment component of these trips can be educational, informational or experiential and is tailored
to the travelers  specific interests and tastes. Enrichment travel can also be referred to as adventure travel.  

Effective
February 21, 2012, the Company filed with the State of Nevada a Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation changing
the Company s name from Hunt for Travel, Inc. to Praco Corporation. At the same time the Company ceased being a travel agency
and became a Public Shell.  

(B)
Use of Estimates     

In preparing financial statements
in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ( GAAP ), management is
required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and revenues and expenses during the reported period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates include the valuation of deferred tax assets. 

(C)
Cash and Cash Equivalents     

The Company considers all highly
liquid temporary cash investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. At June 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively, the Company had no cash equivalents. 

(D)
Loss Per Share     

Basic and diluted net loss per common
share is computed based upon the weighted average common shares outstanding as defined by Financial Accounting Standards Board
( FASB ) ASC No. 260,  Earnings Per Share.  As of June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, there were no
common share equivalents outstanding. 

(E)
Income Taxes     

The Company accounts for income taxes under FASB Codification Topic 740-10-25 ( ASC 740-10-25 ).  Under ASC 740-10-25, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.  Under ASC 740-10-25, the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.  

(F)
Fair Value of Financial Instruments     

The
carrying amounts on the Company s financial instruments including accounts payable and notes payable, approximate fair value
due to the relatively short period to maturity for these instruments.  

(G)
Recent Accounting Pronouncements     

In
August 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts
and Cash Payments , was established to address eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing
diversity in practice. For public companies, the ASU is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted and the amendment should be applied
retrospectively.  

In
January 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01, Financial Instruments Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition   and Measurement
of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. The new guidance improves certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation
and disclosure of financial instruments. For public business entities, the new guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is not permitted for public companies.
We are currently reviewing the provisions of this ASU to determine if there will be any impact on our results of operations, cash
flows or financial condition.  

In
December 2015, FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17, Income Taxes (Topic 740). To simplify the presentation of deferred income taxes, the
amendment requires that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial
position. For public companies, the ASU is effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December
15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early application is permitted. We are currently reviewing the provisions
of this ASU to determine if there will be any impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.  

In
April 2015, FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03,  Interest   Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation
of Debt Issuance Costs , is to simplify presentation of debt issuance costs by requiring that debt issuance costs related
to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability,
consistent with debt discounts. The ASU does not affect the recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs. For
public companies, the ASU is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and
interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted. We are currently reviewing the provisions of this ASU
to determine if there will be any impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.  

In
August 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update  ASU  2014-15 on  Presentation of Financial Statements
Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40)   Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern .
The amendments are intended to reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments require management
to assess an entity s ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that
are currently in U.S. auditing standards. Specifically, the amendments (1) provide a definition of the term substantial doubt,
(2) require an evaluation every reporting period including interim periods, (3) provide principles for considering the mitigating
effect of management s plans, (4) require certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration
of management s plans, (5) require an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated,
and (6) require an assessment for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to
be issued).  

For
all entities, the new requirements are effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within
annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early application is permitted. We are currently reviewing the provisions of
this ASU to determine if there will be any impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.  

NOTE
2 - GOING CONCERN    

As reflected in the accompanying financial
statements, the Company has minimal operations, used cash in operating activities of $55,924 and has a net loss of $84,349 for
the year ended June 30, 2016. The Company also has a working capital deficit and stockholders  deficit of $336,390 as of
June 30, 2016. This raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue
as a going concern is dependent on the Company s ability to raise additional capital and implement its business plan. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

Management
believes that actions presently being taken to obtain additional funding and implement its strategic plans provide the opportunity
for the Company to continue as a going concern.  

NOTE 3   NOTE
PAYA BLE    

On
June 5, 2012, the Company received $9,000 from a third party. Pursuant to the terms of the note, the note is non-interest bearing,
unsecured and is due on demand. Total balance due at June 30, 2016 and 2015 is $9,000. For the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015,
the Company recorded $806 and $752, respectively as an in-kind contribution of imputed interest.  

The
imputed interest is not accrued for but charged to additional paid in capital as it is not an obligation of the Company to pay
in cash or stock.  

NOTE
4 - STOCKHOLDERS  DEFICIT    

In-Kind
Contribution of services and interest     

For
each of the years ended June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015, the president contributed services having a fair value of approximately
$5,200.  

For
the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded $24,420 and $18,650, respectively as in-kind contribution of interest.  

NOTE
5 - COMMITMENTS     

On
April 1, 2012, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Europa Capital Investments, LLC for administrative and other
miscellaneous services.   The agreement is to remain
in effect unless either party desired to cancel the agreement.  During the years ended June
30, 2016 and 2015, the fees incurred were $20,000 and $37,500, respectively.   

NOTE
6 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS    

On July 3, 2012, the Company entered into an
Equity Exchange Agreement (the  Exchange Agreement ) with Hawk Opportunity Fund, LP, a Delaware limited partnership
( Hawk ), Philly Residential Acquisition LP, a Pennsylvania limited partnership ( Philly ), Green Homes
Real Estate, LP, a Pennsylvania limited partnership ( GH ), Nidus, LP, a Delaware limited partnership ( Nidus ),
and several other related parties. In the years since the Exchange Agreement was signed, the assets of Nidus have been sold and
Nidus will no longer be a part of the transactions contemplated by the Exchange Agreement. Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement,
the Company will issue 3,100,000 shares of its common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, to Hawk, and in connection therewith,
the Company will receive 89% of the aggregate equity interest of each of Philly and GH. 

On January 29, 2015, the Company received $7,000
from an entity owned by Mr. Williams. Pursuant to the terms of the note, the note is non-interest bearing, unsecured and is due
on demand. Total balance due at June 30, 2016 and 2015 is $7,000. For the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded
$521 and $209, respectively as an in-kind contribution of imputed interest. 

The Company received $30,000 on April 30, 2013,
$30,000 on July 12, 2013, $25,000 on October 9, 2013, $25,000 on January 9, 2014, $25,000 on April 11, 2014 and $25,000 on July
10, 2014 from an entity owned by Mr. Williams. Total balance due at June 30, 2016 and 2015 is $160,000.  Pursuant to
the terms of the notes, the notes are non-interest bearing, unsecured and are due on demand.  For the years ended June
30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded $12,952 and $12,051, respectively as an in-kind contribution of imputed interest. 

The Company received $8,500 on June 25, 2012,
$20,000 on September 14, 2012 and $27,578 on January 17, 2013 from Hawk. Total balance due at June 30, 2016 and 2015 is $56,078.
Pursuant to the terms of the notes, the notes are non-interest bearing, unsecured and are due on demand.  For the years
ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded $4,880 and $4,551, respectively as an in-kind contribution of imputed interest. 

As needed, GH transfers funds to the Company
to cover operating expenses. Those transfers are as follows: $20,722 on November 13, 2014, $10,000 on March 17, 2015, $4,500 on
May 22, 2015, $20,000 on July 27, 2015, $20,000 on November 30, 2015 and $15,000 on February 11, 2016, in exchange for various
notes payable. Total balance due at June 30, 2016 and 2015 is $90,222 and $35,222, respectively.   Pursuant to the terms
of the notes, the notes are non-interest bearing, unsecured and due on demand. For the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, the
Company recorded $5,261 and $1,088, respectively as an in-kind contribution of imputed interest. 

All
the imputed interest referenced above is not accrued for but charged to additional paid in capital as it is not an
obligation of the Company to pay in cash or stock.  

NOTE
7 - INCOME TAXES    

As of June 30, 2016, the Company has a net operating loss carryforward of approximately $588,000 available to offset future taxable income through June 30, 2036. A valuation allowance is necessary due to the Company s continued operating losses and the uncertainty of the Company s ability to utilize all of the net operating loss carryforwards before they will expire.  

The components of the Company s deferred tax asset (liability) are as follows:  

The
Company's income tax expense differed from the statutory rates (federal 34%) as follows:  

(1)   During May 2015, there was a substantial change in ownership of the Company. As a result, income tax code
section 382, limits the amount of net operating loss allowed to be utilized on an annual basis. 

Tax
benefits of uncertain tax positions are recognized only if it is more likely than not that the Company will be able to sustain
a position taken on an income tax return. The Company has no liability for uncertain tax positions as of June 30, 2016 and 2015.
Interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits would be recognized as income tax expense. The Company does
not have any accrued interest or penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits, nor was any significant interest expense
recognized during the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015.  

Exhibits:   

The
exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Report.  

(b)    
      The
    following are exhibits to this Report and, if incorporated by reference, we have indicated the document previously filed with
    the SEC in which the exhibit was included.   

(1)
Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 3, 2012.  

(2)
Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on October 7, 2010.  

(3)
Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 22, 2012.  

(4)  Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report
on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on ) October 12, 2016. 

*
Filed herewith.  

**
In accordance with the SEC Release 33-8238, deemed being furnished and not filed.  

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

Date:
October 31, 2016  

Praco Corporation    

/s/  R. Scott Williams    

Name: R. Scott Williams 
         Chief Executive Officer, President,  
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer,
        and Secretary 
(Principal Executive Officer, 
         Principal Financial Officer, and 
         Principal Accounting Officer)   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.  

Signature   
       
       Title   
       
       Date    

/s/ R. Scott Williams   

Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief
        Financial Officer, Treasurer, and Secretary (Principal Executive Officer, 
         Principal Financial Officer, and 
         Principal Accounting Officer)  
       
      October 31, 2016   
 
      R. Scott Williams  

/s/ David Callan   
       
      Director  
       
      October 31, 2016   
 
      David Callan  

/s/ Alan Cohen   
       
      Director  
       
      October 31, 2016   
 
      Alan Cohen  

/s/ Robert Craig   
       
      Director  
       
      October 31, 2016   
 
      Robert Craig  

14  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2016ex31i_pracocorp.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER  

  AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302
OF THE  

  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, R. Scott Williams, certify that: 

1.    I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Praco Corporation; 

2.    Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this quarterly report; 

3.    Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this quarterly report; 

4.   
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)  
      designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared;   

b)  
      designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;   

d)  
      disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an quarterly report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;   

5.    The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent function): 

a)  
      all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
      any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting.   

Date: October 31, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ R. Scott Williams    

R. Scott Williams 
         President, Chief Executive Officer, 
         and Chief Financial Officer 
         (Principal Executive Officer and 
         Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 f10k2016ex32i_pracocorp.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER  

  AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906
OF THE  

  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Annual Report
of Praco Corporation, (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), R. Scott Williams, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)    
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)    
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date: October 31, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ R. Scott Williams    

R. Scott Williams 
         President, Chief Executive Officer, 
         and Chief Financial Officer 
         (Principal Executive Officer and 
        Principal Financial Officer)   

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed
form within the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 pray-20160630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 pray-20160630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 pray-20160630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 pray-20160630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 pray-20160630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 pray-20160630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

