<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161025_10-Q_edgar_data_1552033_0001552033-16-000126_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5527663</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>121197</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>286859</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1978168</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2168818</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>850429</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>28</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001552033-16-000126.hdr.sgml : 20161025
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161025161725
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001552033-16-000126
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161025
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161025

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TransUnion
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001552033
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-CONSUMER CREDIT REPORTING, COLLECTION AGENCIES [7320]
		IRS NUMBER:				611678417
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37470
		FILM NUMBER:		161950565

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		555 WEST ADAMS STREET
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60661
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(312) 985-2000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		555 WEST ADAMS STREET
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60661

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TransUnion Holding Company, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120612

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001552033-16-000126.txt : 20161025

10-Q
 1
 transunion-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

(Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  - OR - 

For the transition period from                          to                        
  Commission file number: 
  001-37470 

TransUnion 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 
      
    61-1678417 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification Number) 

312-985-2000 
  (Registrants  telephone number, including area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
                        
    Yes    x 
    No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
                      
    Yes    x      No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
                                  
    Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
      
    x     
      
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
                      
    Yes           No    x 

The number of shares of registrants  common stock outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  , was 182,957,826. 

Table of Contents  

TRANSUNION  
  QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
  QUARTER ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30,     2016    
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
       PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
    3 
       ITEM 1. UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
    3 
       Consolidated Balance Sheets  
    3 
       Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss)  
    4 
       Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)  
    5 
       Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
    6 
       Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity  
    7 
       Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements  
    8 
       ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
    20 
       ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
    35 
       ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
    35 
       PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  
    35 
       ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
    35 
       ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  
    36 
       ITEM 6. EXHIBITS  
    37 
       SIGNATURES  
    38 
       INDEX TO EXHIBITS  
    39 

2 

Table of Contents  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

TRANSUNION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  (in millions, except per share data)  

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

TRANSUNION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) (Unaudited) 
  (in millions, except per share data) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

4 

Table of Contents  

TRANSUNION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Unaudited) 
  (in millions) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

5 

Table of Contents  

TRANSUNION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
  (in millions) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
  
   6 

Table of Contents  

TRANSUNION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity (Unaudited) 
  (in millions) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

7 

Table of Contents  

TRANSUNION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
   Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
   
  1. Significant Accounting and Reporting Policies 
  Basis of Presentation 
  Any reference in this report to  the Company ,  we ,  our ,  us , and  its   are to TransUnion and its consolidated subsidiaries, collectively. 
  The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements of TransUnion and subsidiaries have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) for interim financial information. In the opinion of management, all adjustments, including normal recurring adjustments, considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. The operating results of TransUnion for the periods presented are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the full year ending   December 31, 2016  . These unaudited consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , included in Exhibit 99.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on June 1, 2016. 
  Principles of Consolidation 
  The consolidated financial statements of TransUnion include the accounts of TransUnion and all of its majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries. Investments in unconsolidated entities in which the Company is able to exercise significant influence are accounted for using the equity method. Nonmarketable investments in unconsolidated entities in which the Company is not able to exercise significant influence are accounted for using the cost method and periodically reviewed for impairment. 
  Subsequent Events 
  Events and transactions occurring through the date of issuance of the financial statements have been evaluated by management and, when appropriate, recognized or disclosed in the financial statements or notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
  Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
  On April 7, 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03,   Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30), Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  . The amendments in this update require that unamortized debt issuance costs be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the corresponding debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The new guidance is required to be applied on a retrospective basis, wherein the balance sheet of each individual period presented is adjusted to reflect the period-specific effects of applying the new guidance. Accordingly, we have presented our debt as of   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  , net of unamortized debt issue costs of   $4.9 million   and   $3.9 million  , respectively, on our balance sheet and in Note 8,  Debt  .   
    
  On August 18, 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15,   Interest Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30) - Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements (Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement at June 18, 2015 EITF Meeting).   The ASU indicates the SEC staff would not object to presenting deferred debt issuance costs for a line of credit arrangement as an asset in the balance sheet. We continue to present our deferred line of credit fees as an asset in the consolidated balance sheet. See Note 3  Other Current Assets  and Note 4  Other Assets.  
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted  
  On May 28, 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  . This comprehensive guidance will replace all existing revenue recognition guidance and is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods therein. During 2016, the FASB issued additional guidance: ASU No. 2016-09   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  :   Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net); ASU No. 2016-10 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing; ASU No. 2016-11     Rescission of SEC Guidance Because of Accounting Standards Updates 2014-09 and 2014-16 Pursuant to Staff Announcements at the March 3, 2016 EITF Meeting (SEC Update)   and   ASU No. 2016-12 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients.   This additional guidance updates and clarifies the guidance in certain sub-sections of Topic 606. We are currently assessing the impact this revenue recognition guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
  On January 5, 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,   Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.   This ASU is intended to improve the recognition and measurement of financial instruments. Among other things, the ASU requires equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity  
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

method of accounting, or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods therein. We are currently assessing the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
  On February 25, 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842)  . This ASU, among other things, will require lessee s to record a lease liability, which is an obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, and right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents the right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term, for all long-term leases. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. We are currently assessing the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
  On March 30, 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  . This ASU simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions, including income tax consequences, classification of awards, and classification on the statement of cash flows. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods therein. We are currently assessing the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
  On June 16, 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,   Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments  . This ASU amends the accounting for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities and purchased financial assets with credit deterioration. In addition, these amendments require the measurement of all expected credit losses for financial assets, including trade accounts receivable, held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim period therein. We are currently assessing the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
  On August 26, 2016 the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  . This ASU addresses the diversity in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim period therein. We are currently assessing the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated statements of cash flows. 
   
  2. Fair Value 
  The following table summarizes financial instruments measured at fair value, on a recurring basis, as of   September 30, 2016  :   

  Level 1 instruments consist of exchange-traded mutual funds. Exchange-traded mutual funds are trading securities valued at their current market prices. These securities relate to the nonqualified deferred compensation plan held in trust for the benefit of plan participants.  
  Level 2 instruments consist of pooled separate accounts, foreign exchange-traded corporate bonds and interest rate caps. Pooled separate accounts are designated as trading securities valued at net asset values. These securities relate to the nonqualified deferred compensation plan held in trust for the benefit of plan participants. Foreign exchange-traded corporate bonds are available-for-sale securities valued at their current quoted prices. These securities mature between   2027   and   2033  . The interest rate caps fair values are determined by discounting the future expected cash receipts that would occur if variable interest rates rise above the strike rate of the caps in conjunction with the cash payments related to financing the premium of the interest rate caps. The variable interest rates used in the calculation of projected receipts on the caps are based on an expectation of future interest rates derived from observable market interest rate curves and volatilities. See Note 8,  Debt  for additional information regarding interest rate caps. 
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

Unrealized gains and losses on trading securities are included in net income, while unrealized gains and losses on available for sale securities are included in other comprehensive income. There were   no   significant realized or unrealized gains or losses on our securities for any of the periods presented. 
  Level 3 instruments consist of contingent obligations related to companies we have acquired with maximum payouts totaling   $47.1 million  . These obligations are contingent upon meeting certain performance requirements through 2018. The fair values of these obligations are recorded in other current liabilities and other liabilities and were determined based on an income approach, using our current expectations of the future earnings of the acquired entities. We assess the fair value of these obligations each reporting period with any changes reflected as gains or losses in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income. During the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we recorded expenses of   $0.9 million   and   $1.0 million  , respectively, as a result of changes to the fair value of these obligations.  
   
  3. Other Current Assets  
  Other current assets consisted of the following: 

Other investments include non-negotiable certificates of deposit that are recorded at their carrying value.  The investments increased from year-end due to investments acquired with our purchase of Central de Informacion Financiera S.A. ( CIFIN ). 
   
  4. Other Assets  
  Other assets consisted of the following: 

Other investments include non-negotiable certificates of deposit that are recorded at their carrying value. 
   
  5. Investments in Affiliated Companies 
  Investments in affiliated companies represent our investment in non-consolidated domestic and foreign entities. These entities are in businesses similar to ours, such as credit reporting, credit scoring and credit monitoring services. These investments are included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 
  We use the equity method to account for investments in affiliates where we are able to exercise significant influence. For these investments, we adjust the carrying value for our proportionate share of the affiliates  earnings, losses and distributions, as well as for purchases and sales of our ownership interest. 
  We use the cost method to account for nonmarketable investments in affiliates where we are not able to exercise significant influence. For these investments, we adjust the carrying value for purchases and sales of our ownership interests. 
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  

For all investments, we adjust the carrying value if we determine that an other-than-temporary impairment has occurred. There were   no   other-than-temporary impairments of investments in affiliated companies during the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   or   2015  .  
  Investments in affiliated companies consisted of the following: 

The increase in cost method investments is due to additional acquisitions made in 2016. 
  Earnings from equity method investments, which are included in non-operating income and expense, and dividends received from equity method investments consisted of the following: 

There were   no   dividends on cost method investments received for the three months ended September 30, 2016. Dividends received from cost method investments for the three months ended September 30,   2015  , was   $0.3 million  . Dividends received from cost method investments for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , were   $0.6 million   and   $0.6 million  , respectively.  
   
  6. Other Current Liabilities 
  Other current liabilities consisted of the following:   

11 

Table of Contents  

7. Other Liabilities 
  Other liabilities consisted of the following: 

See note 8,  Debt,  for additional information about the interest rate caps. 
   
  8. Debt 
  Debt outstanding consisted of the following: 

Excluding potential additional principal payments due on the senior secured credit facility based on excess cash flows of the prior year, scheduled future maturities of total debt at   September 30, 2016  , were as follows:    

12 

     Table of Contents  

Senior Secured Credit Facility 
  On June 15, 2010, we entered into a senior secured credit facility with various lenders. This facility has been amended several times and currently consists of the Senior Secured Term Loan A, the Senior Secured Term Loan B and the senior secured revolving line of credit. On July 15, 2015, we used the net proceeds from our initial public offering ( IPO ), along with   $350.0 million   of borrowings from the Senior Secured Term Loan A, to redeem all of our then outstanding   9.625%   and   8.125%   Senior Notes, including a prepayment premium, accrued interest and certain transaction costs. 
    
  On March 31, 2016, we borrowed an additional   $150.0 million   of our Senior Secured Term Loan B, on the same terms as the original Senior Secured Term Loan B, to pay off the balance on our senior secured revolving line of credit that we had drawn on in February 2016 to fund the acquisition of CIFIN and for general corporate purposes. On May 31, 2016, we borrowed an additional   $55.0 million   of our Senior Secured Term Loan A, on the same terms as the original Senior Secured Term Loan A, to fund an additional investment in CIFIN and for general corporate purposes.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   no   amounts outstanding under the senior secured revolving line of credit and could have borrowed up to the   $210.0 million   available. As of   September 30, 2016  , TransUnion has the ability to borrow incremental term loans or increase the revolving credit commitments in one or more tranches, subject to certain additional conditions, so long as the Senior Secured Net Leverage ratio does not exceed   4.25  -to-1. TransUnion also has the ability to borrow up to an additional   $450.0 million   under the senior secured credit facility, subject to certain additional conditions and commitments by existing or new lenders to fund any additional borrowings.  
    
  With certain exceptions, the senior secured credit facility obligations are secured by a first-priority security interest in substantially all of the assets of Trans Union LLC, including its investment in subsidiaries. The senior secured credit facility contains various restrictions and nonfinancial covenants, along with a senior secured net leverage ratio test. The nonfinancial covenants include restrictions on dividends, investments, dispositions, future borrowings and other specified payments, as well as additional reporting and disclosure requirements. The senior secured net leverage test must be met as a condition to incur additional indebtedness and at the end of each fiscal quarter. As of   September 30, 2016  , this covenant required us to maintain a net leverage ratio on a pro forma basis equal to, or less than,   6.5  -to-1. As of   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with all debt covenants.  
  On April 30, 2012, we entered into swap agreements to effectively fix the interest payments on a portion of the then existing senior secured term loan at   2.033%  , plus the applicable margin, beginning March 28, 2013. As a result of the amendment to our senior secured credit facility dated April 9, 2014, the swaps no longer were expected to be highly effective and no longer qualified for hedge accounting. At that time, the total net of tax loss of   $1.0 million   was recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income and is being amortized to interest expense on a straight-line basis through December 29, 2017, the initial expiration date of the swaps. On December 18, 2015, we terminated the interest rate swaps by paying off the outstanding liability balance of   $2.7 million  . Prior to terminating the swaps, changes in the fair value of the swaps for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  , resulted in a loss of   $0.4 million   and   $1.2 million  , respectively, recorded in other income and expense.  
  On December 18, 2015, we entered into interest rate cap agreements with various counter parties that effectively cap our LIBOR exposure on a portion of our existing senior secured term loans at   0.75%   beginning June 30, 2016. We have designated these cap agreements as cash flow hedges. The initial aggregate notional amount under these agreements was   $1,526.4 million   and decreases each quarter beginning September 30, 2016, until the agreement terminates on June 30, 2020. In July 2016, we began to pay the various counter-parties a fixed rate on the outstanding notional amounts of between   0.98%   and   0.994%   and receive payments to the extent LIBOR exceeds   0.75%  .  
  The interest rate caps are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. The effective portion of changes in the fair value of the interest rate cap agreements is recorded in other comprehensive income (loss). The ineffective portion of changes in the fair value of the caps, which is due to, and will continue to result from, the cost of financing the cap premium, is recorded in other income and expense. The effective portion of the change in the fair value of the caps resulted in a loss of   $0.2 million   and   $21.7 million  , net of tax, recorded in other comprehensive income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. respectively. The ineffective portion of the change in the fair value of the caps resulted in a gain of   $0.1 million   and a loss of   $0.9 million   recorded in other income and expense for the three- and nine-month periods, respectively. 
    
  In accordance with ASC 815, the fair value of the interest rate caps at inception is reclassified from other comprehensive income to interest expense in the same period the interest expense on the underlying hedged debt impacts earnings. Based on how the fair value of interest rate caps are determined, the earlier interest periods have lower fair values at inception than the later interest periods, resulting in less interest expense being recognized in the earlier periods compared with the later periods. Any payments we receive to the extent LIBOR exceeds   0.75%   is also reclassified from other comprehensive income to interest expense in the period received. Interest expense reclassified from other comprehensive income to interest expense related to the fair value of the portion of the caps expiring in the three- and nine-month periods of 2016 was   $0.5 million   and   $0.5 million  . We expect to reclassify  
  
   13 

     Table of Contents  

approximately   $7.1 million   from other comprehensive income to interest expense related to the fair value of the portion of the caps expiring and payments received to the extent LIBOR exceeds   0.75%   in the next twelve months. 
  Fair Value of Debt 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the fair value of our variable-rate Senior Secured Term Loan A, excluding original issue discounts and deferred fees, approximates the carrying value. As of   September 30, 2016   the fair value of our Senior Secured Term Loan B, excluding original issue discounts and deferred fees, was approximately   $2,009.3 million  . The fair values of our variable-rate term loans are determined using Level 2 inputs, quoted market prices for these publicly traded instruments.  
   
  9. Stockholders  Equity  
  Stock Split 
  During 2015, we effected a   1.333   to 1 stock split of our common stock. All periods presented in these financial statements reflect this split. The impact of the split resulted in a reclassification of the beginning balance of additional paid-in capital to common stock to reflect the increase in par value.  
  Preferred Stock 
  We have   100.0 million   shares of preferred stock authorized.   No   preferred stock had been issued or was outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Redeemable Non-controlling Interest 
  During the first quarter of 2016, redeemable noncontrolling interest increased   $59.5 million  , due to our purchase of CIFIN and our exercise of our call rights on the Drivers History Information Sales, LLC ( DHI ) noncontrolling interest. During the second quarter of 2016, we redeemed all of our redeemable noncontrolling interest in CIFIN and DHI, resulting in   no   redeemable noncontrolling interest at   September 30, 2016  . 
   
  10. Earnings Per Share  
  Basic earnings per share represents income available to common stockholders divided by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the reported period. Diluted earnings per share reflects the effect of the increase in shares outstanding determined by using the treasury stock method for awards issued under our incentive stock plans.  
  For the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , there were less than   0.1 million   anti-dilutive stock-based awards outstanding. In addition, there were   5.9 million   contingently issuable market-based stock awards outstanding that were excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation because the contingencies had not been met. As of   September 30, 2015  , there were   4.0 million   anti-dilutive stock-based awards outstanding. These awards were anti-dilutive because we reported a net loss in each period. In addition, there were   6.2 million   contingently issuable market-based stock awards outstanding that were excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation because the contingencies had not been met. 
  
   14 

     Table of Contents  

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding and earnings per share were as follows:  

15 

Table of Contents  

11. Income Taxes 
  For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , we reported an effective tax rate of   41.3%  , which was higher than the   35%   U.S. federal statutory rate due primarily to the tax expense on unremitted foreign earnings not considered permanently reinvested, the impact of valuation allowances on the losses of certain foreign subsidiaries, and changes in state tax assumptions. For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we reported an effective tax rate of   43.1%  , which was higher than the   35%   U.S. federal statutory rate due primarily to the tax expense on unremitted foreign earnings not considered permanently reinvested, the impact of valuation allowances on the losses of certain foreign subsidiaries, and changes in state tax assumptions. 
  We had two offsetting income tax adjustments that impacted the three- and nine-month periods in 2016. First, we changed our assertion on unremitted earnings for an equity method investment that is now owned by one of our international subsidiaries. Those earnings are now determined to be indefinitely reinvested outside the United States, which resulted in a decrease of deferred income tax expense of   $14.3 million  . Second, changes in state tax assumptions resulted in an increase in income tax expense of   $12.8 million  . 
  For the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , we reported an effective tax rate of   187.9%  , which was higher than the   35%   U.S. federal statutory rate due primarily to the expiration of the look-through rule, tax expenses on unremitted foreign earnings not considered permanently reinvested, and the impact of valuation allowances on the losses of certain foreign subsidiaries. For the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , we reported a loss before income taxes and an effective tax rate benefit of   (280.5)%  , which was different than the   35%   U.S. federal statutory rate due primarily to these same reasons.  
  Effective January 1, 2015, the look-through rule under Subpart F of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code noted above expired but was reinstated in December 2015 retroactive to January 1, 2015. Subpart F requires U.S. corporate shareholders to recognize current U.S. taxable income from passive income, including earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries, regardless of whether that income is remitted to the United States. The look-through rule of Subpart F grants an exception for any passive income of certain foreign subsidiaries that is attributable to an active business. When the look-through exception is not in effect, we are required to accrue a tax liability for those foreign earnings as if those earnings were distributed to the United States. Consequently, in the first quarter of 2015, we recorded the additional tax expense we would have incurred in the absence of the look-through rule.  
  The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits was   $1.8 million   as of   September 30, 2016  , and   $1.9 million   as of   December 31, 2015  . These same amounts would affect the effective tax rate, if recognized. The accrued interest payable for taxes was   $0.1 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . There was   no   significant liability for tax penalties as of   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015  . We are regularly audited by federal, state and foreign taxing authorities. Given the uncertainties inherent in the audit process, it is reasonably possible that certain audits could result in a significant increase or decrease in the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits. An estimate of the range of the increase or decrease in unrecognized tax benefits due to audit results cannot be made at this time. Tax years 2008 and forward remain open for examination in some state and foreign jurisdictions, and tax years 2012 and forward remain open for examination for U.S. federal purposes. 
  
   16 

Table of Contents  

12. Operating Segments 
  Operating segments are businesses for which separate financial information is available and evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources. This segment financial information is reported on the basis that is used for the internal evaluation of operating performance. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as described in Note 1,  Significant Accounting and Reporting Policies  included in our audited financial statements for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , included in Exhibit 99.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on June 1, 2016. 
  In the first quarter of 2016, we moved our direct to consumer reseller business and reallocated certain other costs related to our consumer facing business in the U.S. from our USIS segment to our Consumer Interactive segment. These changes better reflect the evolution of our consumer facing business in the U.S. and how we manage that business. As a result, we modified our segment reporting effective the first quarter of 2016. In conjunction with this change we also reclassified   $105.0 million   of goodwill from our USIS segment to our Consumer Interactive segment. The segment results below have been recast to reflect these changes for all periods presented. These changes do not impact our consolidated results.  
  We evaluate the performance of segments based on revenue and operating income. The following is a more detailed description of the   three   operating segments and the Corporate unit, which provides support services to each operating segment: 
  U.S. Information Services 
  U.S. Information Services ( USIS ) provides consumer reports, risk scores, analytical and decisioning services to businesses. These businesses use our services to acquire new customers, assess consumer ability to pay for services, identify cross-selling opportunities, measure and manage debt portfolio risk, collect debt, verify consumer identities and investigate potential fraud. The core capabilities and delivery platforms in our USIS segment allow us to serve a broad set of customers and business issues. We offer our services to customers in financial services, insurance, healthcare and other industries.  
  International 
  The International segment provides services similar to our USIS segment to businesses in select regions outside the United States. Depending on the maturity of the credit economy in each country, services may include credit reports, analytics and decisioning services and other value-added risk management services. In addition, we have insurance, business and automotive databases in select geographies. These services are offered to customers in a number of industries including financial services, insurance, automotive, collections and communications, and are delivered through both direct and indirect channels. The International segment also provides consumer services similar to those offered by our Consumer Interactive segment that help consumers proactively manage their personal finances.  
  Consumer Interactive 
  Consumer Interactive offers solutions that help consumers manage their personal finances and take precautions against identity theft. Services in this segment include credit reports and scores, credit monitoring, fraud protection and resolution and financial management. Our products are provided through user friendly online and mobile interfaces and are supported by educational content and customer support. Our Consumer Interactive segment serves consumers through both direct and indirect channels. 
  Corporate 
  In addition, Corporate provides support services for each of the operating segments, holds investments, and conducts enterprise functions. Certain costs incurred in Corporate that are not directly attributable to one or more of the operating segments remain in Corporate. These costs are typically enterprise-level costs and are primarily administrative in nature.  

17 

     Table of Contents  

Selected segment financial information consisted of the following: 

As a result of displaying amounts in millions, rounding differences may exist in the table above. 
  A reconciliation of operating income to income (loss) before income taxes for the periods presented is as follows: 

18 

     Table of Contents  

Earnings from equity method investments included in non-operating income and expense for the periods presented were as follows: 

19 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  The following discussion and analysis of TransUnion s financial condition and results of operations is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, TransUnion s audited consolidated financial statements, the accompanying notes,  Risk Factors , and  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  included in Exhibit 99.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 1, 2016, as well as the unaudited consolidated financial statements and the related notes presented in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
  References in this discussion and analysis to  the Company ,  we ,  our ,  us , and  its   are to TransUnion and its consolidated subsidiaries, collectively. 
  In addition to historical data, this discussion contains forward-looking statements about our business, operations and financial performance based on current expectations that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including but not limited to those discussed below in  Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements , and Part II, Item 1A,  Risk Factors.   
   
  Overview 
  TransUnion is a leading global risk and information solutions provider to businesses and consumers. We provide consumer reports, risk scores, analytical services and decisioning capabilities to businesses. Businesses embed our solutions into their process workflows to acquire new customers, assess consumer ability to pay for services, identify cross-selling opportunities, measure and manage debt portfolio risk, collect debt, verify consumer identities and investigate potential fraud. Consumers use our solutions to view their credit profiles and access analytical tools that help them understand and manage their personal information and take precautions against identity theft. We are differentiated by our comprehensive and unique datasets, our next-generation technology and our analytics and decisioning capabilities, which enable us to deliver insights across the entire consumer lifecycle. We believe we are the largest provider of risk and information solutions in the United States to possess both nationwide consumer credit data and comprehensive, diverse public records data, which allows us to better predict behaviors, assess risk and address a broader set of business issues for our customers. We have deep domain expertise across a number of attractive industries, sometimes referred to as verticals, including financial services, insurance and healthcare. We have a global presence in over 30 countries across North America, Africa, Latin America and Asia.  
  We believe that we have the capabilities and assets, including comprehensive and unique datasets, advanced technology and analytics, to provide differentiated solutions to our customers. We obtain financial, credit, alternative credit, identity, bankruptcy, lien, judgment, insurance claims, automotive and other relevant information from an average of 90,000 data sources, including financial institutions, private databases and public records repositories. We refine, standardize and enhance this data using sophisticated algorithms to create proprietary databases. Our next-generation technology allows us to quickly and efficiently integrate our data with our analytics and decisioning capabilities to create and deliver innovative solutions to our customers and to quickly adapt to changing customer needs. Our deep analytics expertise, which includes our people as well as tools such as predictive modeling and scoring, customer segmentation, benchmarking and forecasting, enables businesses and consumers to gain better insights into their risk and financial data. Our decisioning capabilities, which are generally delivered on a software-as-a-service platform, allow businesses to interpret data and apply their specific qualifying criteria to make decisions and take action with respect to their customers. Collectively, our data, analytics and decisioning capabilities allow businesses to authenticate the identity of consumers, effectively determine the most relevant products for consumers, retain and cross-sell to existing consumers, identify and acquire new consumers and reduce loss from fraud. Similarly, our capabilities allow consumers to see how their credit profiles have changed over time, understand the impact of financial decisions on their credit scores and manage their personal information as well as to take precautions against identity theft.  
   
  Segments 
  We manage our business and report our financial results in three operating segments: USIS, International and Consumer Interactive. In the first quarter of 2016, we moved our direct to consumer reseller business and reallocated certain other costs related to our consumer facing business in the U.S. from our USIS segment to our Consumer Interactive segment. These changes better reflect the evolution of our consumer facing business in the U.S. and how we manage that business. As a result, we modified our segment reporting effective the first quarter of 2016. In conjunction with this change we also reclassified $105.0 million of goodwill from our USIS segment to our Consumer Interactive segment. The segment results below have been recast to reflect these changes for all periods presented. These changes do not impact our consolidated results.  
             
    USIS provides consumer reports, risk scores, analytical and decisioning services to businesses. These businesses use our services to acquire new customers, assess consumer ability to pay for services, identify cross-selling opportunities, measure and manage debt portfolio risk, collect debt, verify consumer identities and investigate potential fraud. The core capabilities  
     
   20 

     Table of Contents  

and delivery platforms in our USIS segment allow us to serve a broad set of customers and business issues. We offer our services to customers in financial services, insurance, healthcare and other industries.  
             
    The International segment provides services similar to our USIS segment to businesses in select regions outside the United States. Depending on the maturity of the credit economy in each country, services may include credit reports, analytics and decisioning services and other value-added risk management services. In addition, we have insurance, business and automotive databases in select geographies. These services are offered to customers in a number of industries including financial services, insurance, automotive, collections and communications, and are delivered through both direct and indirect channels. The International segment also provides consumer services similar to those offered by our Consumer Interactive segment that help consumers proactively manage their personal finances.  
                
    Consumer Interactive offers solutions that help consumers manage their personal finances and take precautions against identity theft. Services in this segment include credit reports and scores, credit monitoring, fraud protection and resolution and financial management. Our products are provided through user friendly online and mobile interfaces and supported by educational content and customer support. Our Consumer Interactive segment serves consumers through both direct and indirect channels.  
     In addition, Corporate provides support services for each of the operating segments, holds investments, and conducts enterprise functions. Certain costs incurred in Corporate that are not directly attributable to one or more of the operating segments remain in Corporate. These costs are typically enterprise-level costs and are primarily administrative in nature.  
  Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations 
  The following are certain key factors that affect, or have recently affected, our results of operations: 
  Macroeconomic and Industry Trends 
  Our revenues are significantly influenced by general macroeconomic conditions, including the demand and availability of affordable credit and capital, interest rates, inflation, employment levels, consumer confidence and housing demand. Since the beginning of 2015, we have seen continuing signs of improved economic conditions and increased market stabilization. In the United States, we also saw improvement in the consumer lending market, including mortgage refinancings resulting from low long-term mortgage rates, an improving housing market, increased auto loans, improvements in the labor market, an increase in consumer confidence and an increase in demand for our marketing services. In our Consumer Interactive segment, we continue to see strong demand for our credit and identity theft solutions. The continuing strengthening of the U.S. dollar has diminished the operating results reported by our International segment compared with the prior year. 
  Our revenues are also significantly influenced by industry trends, including the demand for information services in financial services, insurance, healthcare and other industries we serve. Companies are increasingly relying on business analytics and big-data technologies to help process this data in a cost-efficient manner. As customers have gained the ability to rapidly aggregate and analyze data generated by their own activities, they are increasingly expecting access to real-time data and analytics from their information providers as well as solutions that fully integrate into their workflows. As economies in emerging markets continue to develop and mature, we believe there will continue to be favorable socio-economic trends, such as an increase in the size of the middle class and a significant increase in the use of financial services by under-served and under-banked customers. Demand for consumer solutions is rising with higher consumer awareness of the importance and usage of their credit information, increased risk of identity theft due to data breaches and more readily available free credit information. The increasing number and complexity of regulations, including new capital requirements and the Dodd-Frank Act, make operations for businesses more challenging.  
  Effects of Inflation 
  We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
  Recent Developments 
  On September 14, 2016, certain of our stockholders completed a secondary public offering of approximately 16.0 million shares of TransUnion common stock. On June 10, 2016, one of our stockholders completed a secondary public offering of approximately 18.0 million shares of TransUnion common stock. On March 14, 2016, certain of our stockholders completed a secondary public offering of approximately 17.9 million shares of TransUnion common stock. These secondary offerings had no impact on our financial statements, other than approximately $0.7 million and $2.5 million of transactions costs recorded in other income and expense for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively. We were obligated to pay these costs in accordance with an agreement with these stockholders. We did not receive any proceeds from these offerings as all shares were sold by these stockholders. 
  
   21 

     Table of Contents  

On May 31, 2016, we borrowed an additional   $55.0 million   of our Senior Secured Term Loan A, on the same terms as the original Senior Secured Term Loan A, to fund an additional investment in Central de Informacion Financiera S.A. ( CIFIN ). On March 31, 2016, we borrowed an additional $150.0 million of our Senior Secured Term Loan B, on the same terms as the original Senior Secured Term Loan B, to pay off the balance on our senior secured revolving line of credit that we had drawn on in February 2016 to fund the initial acquisition of CIFIN and for general corporate purposes. 
  Recent Acquisitions and Partnerships 
  We selectively evaluate acquisitions and partnerships as a means to expand our business and international footprint, and to enter new markets. Since January 1, 2015, we completed the following acquisitions: 
              
    On September 21, 2016, we acquired 100% of the equity of Healthcare Revenue Technologies, Inc. ( RTech ). RTech uses innovative proprietary technology to help healthcare providers protect revenue and cash. The results of operations of RTech, which are not material to our consolidated financial statements, have been included as part of our USIS segment in our consolidated statements of income since the date of acquisition. 
                
    On August 30, 2016, we made a noncontrolling interest investment in SavvyMoney, Inc. ( SavvyMoney ). SavvyMoney is a provider of credit information services for bank and credit union users. We account for SavvyMoney on the cost method of accounting. Any future dividends will be recorded in other income and expense when received. 
                
    On August 3, 2016, we increased our equity interest in CIFIN S.A. ( CIFIN ) from 94.67% to 95.17% with an additional purchase of 0.5%. On May 31, 2016, we increased our interest from 71.0% to 94.67% with an additional purchase of 23.67%. On February 8, 2016, we acquired a 71.0% equity interest in CIFIN.  CIFIN is one of two primary credit bureaus in Colombia. The results of operations of CIFIN, which are not material to our consolidated financial statements, have been included as part of our International segment in our consolidated statements of income since the date of the acquisition. 
                
    On June 15, 2016, we acquired 100% of the equity of Auditz, LLC ( Auditz ). Auditz is a U.S. based healthcare services organization that uses sophisticated proprietary technology to help healthcare providers identify and recover payments. The results of operations of Auditz, which are not material to our consolidated financial statements, have been included as part of our USIS segment in our consolidated statements of income since the date of the acquisition. 
                
    On April 29, 2016, we acquired the remaining 12.5% ownership interest in Drivers History Information Sales, LLC ("DHI"). We no longer record net income attributable to the noncontrolling interests in our consolidated statements of income or redeemable noncontrolling interests on our consolidated balance sheets from the date we acquired the remaining interest. 
                
    On April 15, 2016, we made a noncontrolling interest investment in Dashlane, Inc. ( Dashlane ). Dashlane is a password management company that enables users to monitor their online identities across multiple sites and applications. We account for Dashlane on the cost method of accounting. Any future dividends will be recorded in other income and expense when received. 
                
    On December 9, 2015, we acquired 100% of the voting share capital in Trustev Limited ( Trustev ). Trustev is a registered company in the Republic of Ireland that provides digital verification technology to multiple industries. The results of operations of Trustev, which are not material to our consolidated financial statements, have been included as part of our USIS segment in our consolidated statements of income since the date of the acquisition. 
                
    On October 21, 2015, we acquired the remaining 49% equity interest in Databusiness S.A., our Chilean subsidiary. We no longer record net income attributable to the noncontrolling interests in our consolidated statements of income or redeemable noncontrolling interests on our consolidated balance sheets from the date we acquired the remaining interest. 
                
    During January 2015, we acquired the remaining equity interests in our two Brazilian subsidiaries, Data Solutions Servi os de Inform tica Ltda. ( ZipCode ) and Crivo Sistemas em Inform tica S.A. ( Crivo ). We no longer record net income attributable to the noncontrolling interests in our consolidated statements of income or redeemable noncontrolling interests in our consolidated balance sheet from the date we acquired the remaining interests.  
      
  Key Components of Our Results of Operations 
  Revenue 
  We derive our USIS segment revenue from three operating platforms: Online Data Services, Marketing Services and Decision Services. Online Data Services encompass services delivered in real-time using both credit and public record datasets. We also provide online reports that link public record datasets for qualified businesses seeking to locate consumers, specific assets or  
  
   22 

     Table of Contents  

investigate relationships among consumers, businesses and locations. Collectively, the reports, characteristics and scores, with variations tailored for specific industries, form the basis of Online Data Services. We also provide online services to help businesses manage fraud and authenticate a consumer s identity when they initiate a new business relationship. Additionally, we provide data to businesses to help them satisfy  know your customer  compliance requirements and to confirm an individual s identity. Marketing Services help our customers develop marketing lists of prospects via direct mail, web and mobile. Our databases are used by our customers to contact individuals to extend firm offers of credit or insurance. We provide portfolio review services, which are periodic reviews of our customers  existing accounts, to help our customers develop cross-selling offers to their existing customers and monitor and manage risk in their existing consumer portfolios. We also provide trigger services, which are daily notifications of changes to a consumer profile. Decision Services, our software-as-a-service offerings, includes a number of platforms that help businesses interpret data and predictive model results and apply their customer-specific criteria to facilitate real-time automated decisions at the time of customer interaction. Our customers use Decision Services to evaluate business risks and opportunities, including those associated with new consumer credit and checking accounts, insurance applications, account collection, patient registrations and apartment rental requests.  
  We report our International segment revenue in two categories: developed markets and emerging markets. Our developed markets are Canada and Hong Kong. Our emerging markets include Africa, Latin America, Asia Pacific and India.  
  Consumer Interactive offers solutions that help consumers manage their personal finances and take precautions against identity theft. Services in this segment include credit reports and scores, credit monitoring, fraud protection and resolution and financial management. Our products are provided through user friendly online and mobile interfaces and supported by educational content and customer support.  
  Cost of Services  
  Costs of services include data acquisition and royalty fees, costs related to our databases and software applications, consumer and call center support costs, hardware and software maintenance costs, telecommunication expenses and occupancy costs associated with the facilities where these functions are performed.  
  Selling, General and Administrative  
  Selling, general and administrative expenses include personnel-related costs for sales, administrative and management employees, costs for professional and consulting services, advertising and occupancy and facilities expense of these functions.  
  Non-Operating Income and Expense  
  Non-operating income and expense includes interest expense, interest income, earnings from equity-method investments, dividends from cost-method investments, expenses related to successful and unsuccessful business acquisitions, loan fees, debt refinancing expenses, certain acquisition-related gains and losses and other non-operating income and expenses.  
   
  Results of Operations 
  Key Performance Measures 
  Management, including our chief operating decision maker, evaluates the financial performance of our businesses based on a variety of key indicators. These indicators include the non-GAAP measure Adjusted EBITDA and the GAAP measures revenue, cash provided by operating activities and cash paid for capital expenditures. For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , these key indicators were as follows: 
  
   23 

     Table of Contents  

nm: not meaningful 
  As a result of displaying amounts in millions, rounding differences may exist in the table above. 
           (1) 
    Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income (loss) attributable to the Company before net interest expense, income tax provision (benefit), depreciation and amortization and other adjustments noted in the table above. We present Adjusted EBITDA as a supplemental measure of our operating performance because it eliminates the impact of certain items that we do not consider indicative of our cash operations and ongoing operating performance. Also, Adjusted EBITDA is a measure frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in their evaluation of the operating performance of companies similar to ours. In addition, our board of directors and executive management team use Adjusted EBITDA as a compensation measure under our incentive compensation plan. Furthermore, under the credit agreement governing our senior secured credit facility, our ability to engage in activities such as incurring additional indebtedness, making investments and paying dividends is tied to a ratio based on Adjusted EBITDA. See  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources - Debt.  Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect our capital expenditures, interest, income tax, depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation and certain other income and expense. Other companies in our industry may calculate Adjusted EBITDA differently than we do, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. Because of these limitations, Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for performance measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA is not a measure of financial condition or profitability under GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to cash flows from operating activities, as a measure of liquidity or as an alternative to operating income or net income as indicators of operating performance. We believe that the most directly comparable GAAP measure to Adjusted EBITDA is net income attributable to TransUnion. The table above provides a reconciliation from our net income (loss) attributable to TransUnion to Adjusted EBITDA for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  
              (2) 
    Consisted of stock-based compensation and cash-settled stock-based compensation. 
     
   24 

     Table of Contents  

(3) 
    For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , consisted of the following adjustments to operating income: a $0.9 million adjustment to contingent consideration expense from previous acquisitions; and a $0.7 million loss on the divestiture of a small international line of business. For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , consisted of the following adjustments to non-operating income and expense: $2.3 million of acquisition expenses; and a $0.3 million loss on the divestiture of a small international line of business. For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , consisted of the following adjustments to operating income: a $1.0 million adjustment to contingent consideration expense from previous acquisitions; a $0.8 million loss on the divestiture of a small international line of business; and a $(0.5) million adjustment to business optimization expenses. For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , consisted of the following adjustments to non-operating income and expense: $15.8 million of acquisition expenses; and a $0.2 million loss on the divestiture of a small international line of business. 
     For the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , consisted of the following adjustments to operating income: a $0.3 million loss on the divestiture of a business operation. For the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , consisted of the following adjustments to non-operating income and expense: $1.0 million of acquisition expenses. For the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , consisted of the following adjustments to operating income: a $0.6 million adjustment to contingent consideration expense from previous acquisitions; and a $0.3 million loss on divestiture of a business operation. For the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , consisted of the following adjustments to non-operating income and expense: $2.2 million of acquisition expenses.  
           (4) 
    Represented costs associated with a project to transform our technology infrastructure. 
              (5) 
    For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , consisted of the following adjustments to operating income: $(0.7) million of miscellaneous. For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , consisted of the following adjustments to non-operating income and expense: $(0.9) million of currency remeasurement of our foreign operations; a $(0.1) million mark-to-market gain related to ineffectiveness of our interest rate hedge; $0.3 million of loan fees; $0.7 million of fees connected to the filing of secondary registration statements filed on behalf of certain stockholders; and $(0.2) million of miscellaneous. For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , consisted of the following adjustments to operating income: $(0.7) million of miscellaneous; and a $0.3 million charge for certain legal and regulatory matters. For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , consisted of the following adjustments to non-operating income and expense: $(0.6) million of currency remeasurement of our foreign operations; a $0.9 million mark-to-market loss related to ineffectiveness of our interest rate hedge; $1.1 million of loan fees; and $2.5 million of fees connected to the filing of secondary registration statements filed on behalf of certain stockholders. 
     For the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , consisted of the following adjustments to operating income: $(0.5) million of miscellaneous. For the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , consisted of the following adjustments to non-operating income and expense: $33.8 million of debt refinancing expenses; $1.9 million of currency remeasurement of our foreign operations; a $0.4 million mark-to-market loss related to ineffectiveness on our interest rate hedge; and $0.3 million of loan fees. For the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , consisted of the following adjustments to operating income: $(0.5) million of miscellaneous. For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , consisted of the following adjustments to non-operating income and expense: $37.6 million of debt refinancing expenses; $2.9 million of currency remeasurement of our foreign operations; a $1.2 million mark-to-market loss related to ineffectiveness of our interest rate hedge; $1.1 million of loan fees; and $0.3 million of miscellaneous. 
  
   25 

     Table of Contents  

Revenue 
  Total revenue increased   $48.5 million   and   $148.3 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared with the same period in   2015  , due to strong organic growth in all of our segments, across all platforms and markets, and revenue from our recent acquisitions in our USIS and International segments, partially offset by the impact of weakening foreign currencies on the 2016 revenue of our International segment. Revenue for our recent acquisitions accounted for an increase in revenue of 2.3% and 1.8% in each respective period. The impact of weakening foreign currencies accounted for a decrease in revenue of 0.4% and 1.5% in each respective period. Revenue by segment in the three- and   nine  -month periods was as follows: 

As a result of displaying amounts in millions, rounding differences may exist in the table above. 
  USIS Segment 
  USIS revenue increased   $34.0 million   and   $85.7 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared with the same period in   2015  , due to increases in revenue from all platforms. 
  Online Data Services 
  Online Data Services revenue increased   $23.5 million   and   $52.0 million   for the three- and   nine  -month periods, compared with the same periods in   2015  , due to a 2.2% and 4.5% increase in credit report unit volume and a change in the mix of customer volumes, which resulted in an increase in average pricing for online credit reports compared to the same periods in 2015. 
  
   26 

     Table of Contents  

Marketing Services 
  Marketing Services revenue increased   $1.9 million   and   $8.6 million   for the three- and   nine  -month periods, compared with the same periods in   2015  , due primarily to an increase in custom data sets and archive information.  
  Decision Services 
  Decision Services revenue increased   $8.6 million   and   $25.1 million   for the three- and   nine  -month periods, compared with the same periods in   2015  , due primarily to an organic increase in revenue in healthcare and insurance markets.  
  International Segment 
  International revenue increased   $13.5 million  , or   19.7%  , and   $27.9 million  , or   14.0%  , for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared with the same periods in   2015  . Higher local currency revenue from increased volumes in most regions and the inclusion of revenue from our recent acquisition were partially offset by a 2.2% and 8.7% decrease in revenue in each respective period from the impact of weakening foreign currencies. Incremental revenue from our acquisition accounted for a 10.9% and 8.9% increase in revenue in each respective period.  
  Developed Markets 
  Developed markets revenue increased   $4.2 million  , or   16.7%  , and   $10.3 million  , or   14.8%  , for the three- and   nine  -month periods, compared with the same periods in   2015  , due to higher local currency revenue in both regions. Revenue increased 0.2% in the three-month period from the impact of a strengthening Canadian dollar and decreased 3.7% in the nine-month period from the impact of a weakening Canadian dollar.  
  Emerging Markets 
  Emerging markets revenue increased   $9.4 million  , or   21.4%  , and   $17.5 million  , or   13.5%  , for the three- and   nine  -month periods, compared with the same periods in   2015  . Higher local currency revenue in most regions and incremental revenue from our recent acquisition were partially offset by an 3.6% and 11.4% decrease in revenue in each respective period from the impact of weakening foreign currencies, primarily the South African rand and Indian rupee in both periods, and the Brazilian real in the nine-month period. Incremental revenue from our acquisition accounted for a 17.2% and 13.7% increase in revenue in each respective period. 
  Consumer Interactive Segment 
  Consumer Interactive revenue increased   $1.8 million   and   $37.7 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared with the same period in   2015  . The increase in the three-month period was due primarily to an increase in revenue from our direct channel driven by an increase in the average number of subscribers, partially offset by a decrease in revenue from our indirect channel resulting from lower revenue associated with one of our indirect channel partners that was acquired by a competitor. The increase in the nine-month period was due primarily to an increase in revenue from our indirect channel, and an increase in revenue in our direct channel driven by an increase in the average number of direct subscribers.  
  Operating Expenses 
  Operating expenses for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , were as follows: 

As a result of displaying amounts in millions, rounding differences may exist in the table above. 
  Cost of Services 
  Cost of services increased   $6.4 million   and   $42.2 million   for the three- and   nine  -month periods, compared with the same periods in   2015  .  
  The increase was due primarily to: 
             
    an increase in product costs resulting from the increase in revenue, primarily in our USIS segment;  
     
   27 

     Table of Contents  

an increase in labor costs as we continue to invest in key strategic growth initiatives; 
                
    an acceleration of maintenance costs in the first six months of the year in our USIS segment related to our strategic initiative to transform our technology platform; and 
                
    operating costs relating to our acquisitions in our USIS and International segments, 
     partially offset by: 
             
    savings enabled by our technology transformation and other key productivity initiatives; 
                
    a decrease in product costs in our Consumer Interactive segment associated with one of our indirect channel partners that was acquired by a competitor; and 
                
    the impact of weakening foreign currencies on the expenses of our International segment. 
     Selling, General and Administrative 
  Selling, general and administrative expenses increased   $14.9 million   and   $42.6 million   for the three- and   nine  -month periods, compared with the same periods in   2015  .  
  The increase in both periods was due primarily to: 
             
    an increase in labor costs, primarily in our USIS segment and in Corporate, attributed to higher incentive and stock-based compensation and an increase in headcount as we continue to invest in key strategic growth initiatives; 
                
    an increase in advertising costs in our Consumer Interactive segment; and  
        operating costs relating to our acquisitions in our USIS and International segments, 
  partially offset by: 
             
    the impact of weakening foreign currencies on the expenses of our International segment.  
     Depreciation and Amortization 
  Depreciation and amortization decreased   $8.4 million   and increased   $0.4 million   for the three- and   nine  -month periods, compared with the same periods in   2015  . The decrease in the three-month period is due to the useful lives of certain USIS internal-use software and equipment assets ending June 30, 2016, in conjunction with our strategic initiative to transform our technology platform. For the nine-month period, the decrease related to these technology assets was offset by additional depreciation and amortization from the new capital expenditures related to our technology transformation initiative and from assets acquired with our recent business acquisitions. 

28 

     Table of Contents  

Operating Income and Operating Margins   

  As a result of displaying amounts in millions, rounding differences may exist in the table above. Segment operating margins are calculated using segment gross revenue and operating income. Consolidated operating margin is calculated using as reported revenue and operating income. 
  Total operating income increased   $35.5 million   and   $63.0 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared with the same periods in   2015  . The increase was due primarily to: 
             
    an increase in revenue in all segments, including revenue from recent acquisitions; and 
                
    for the three-month period, a decrease in depreciation and amortization in our USIS segment, 
     partially offset by: 
             
    an increase in product costs, primarily in our USIS segment, resulting from the increase in revenue; 
                
    an increase in labor costs, primarily in our USIS segment and in Corporate, attributed to higher incentive and stock-based compensation and an increase in headcount as we continue to invest in key strategic growth initiatives; 
                
    an acceleration of maintenance costs into the first six months of the year in our USIS segment related to our strategic initiative to transform our technology platform; 
                
    an increase in advertising in our Consumer Interactive segment; 
                
    operating costs from our acquisitions in our USIS and International segments; and 
                
    the impact of weakening foreign currencies on the 2015 results of our International segment. 
     Margins for the USIS segment increased due to the increase in revenue and savings enabled by our technology transformation, and for the nine-month period, the decrease in depreciation and amortization, partially offset by the increase in compensation costs and the acceleration of maintenance costs into the first six months of the year related to our technology transformation initiative. Margins for the International segment increased in both periods due primarily to the increase in revenue and cost savings from our key  
  
   29 

     Table of Contents  

productivity initiatives. Margins for the Consumer Interactive segment increased in both periods due to the increase in revenue and decrease in product costs, partially offset by the increase in advertising costs.  
  Non-Operating Income and Expense   

  As a result of displaying amounts in millions, rounding differences may exist in the table above. 
  nm: not meaningful 
  Our 9.625% and 8.125% Senior Notes were redeemed on July 15, 2015, using the net proceeds from our initial public offering ( IPO ), along with $350.0 million borrowings from the Senior Secured Term Loan A. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we borrowed additional funds against our senior secured credit facility. As a result of these changes to our debt, interest expense decreased   $3.4 million   and   $51.3 million   for the three- and   nine  -month periods of 2016, compared with the same periods in   2015  . Lower interest expense on the Senior Notes was partially offset by additional interest expense resulting from the increase in the average outstanding principal balance of the senior secured credit facility in 2016 compared with 2015. 
  Acquisition fees represent costs we have incurred for acquisition-related efforts. The increase in 2016 was due to our 2016 acquisitions and our other ongoing acquisition efforts. 
  For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , loan fees included $33.8 million of fees due to the early redemption of our 9.625% and 8.125% Senior Notes. For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , loan fees also included $3.8 million from the refinance of our senior secured credit facility in June of 2015. 
  For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , other income, net, included $0.7 million and $2.5 million of fees incurred in connection with secondary public offerings completed by certain stockholders and a $0.1 million gain and $0.9 million loss related to ineffectiveness on our current interest rate hedge. For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , other income, net, included a loss of $0.4 million and $1.2 million on a swap that no longer qualified for hedge accounting. We terminated the swap in December 2015.  
  Provision for Income Taxes 
  For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , we reported an effective tax rate of   41.3%  , which was higher than the   35%   U.S. federal statutory rate due primarily to the tax expense on unremitted foreign earnings not considered permanently reinvested, the impact of valuation allowances on the losses of certain foreign subsidiaries, and changes in state tax assumptions. For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we reported an effective tax rate of   43.1%  , which was higher than the   35%   U.S. federal statutory rate due primarily to the tax expense on unremitted foreign earnings not considered permanently reinvested, the impact of valuation allowances on the losses of certain foreign subsidiaries, and changes in state tax assumptions. 
  We had two offsetting income tax adjustments that impacted the three- and nine-month periods in 2016. First, we changed our assertion on unremitted earnings for an equity method investment that is now owned by one of our international subsidiaries. Those earnings are now determined to be indefinitely reinvested outside the United States, which resulted in a decrease of deferred income tax expense of   $14.3 million  . Second, changes in state tax assumptions resulted in an increase in income tax expense of   $12.8 million  . 
  
   30 

     Table of Contents  

For the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , we reported an effective tax rate of   187.9%  , which was higher than the   35%   U.S. federal statutory rate due primarily to the expiration of the look-through rule, tax expenses on unremitted foreign earnings not considered permanently reinvested, and the impact of valuation allowances on the losses of certain foreign subsidiaries. For the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , we reported a loss before income taxes and an effective tax rate benefit of   (280.5)%  , which was different than the   35%   U.S. federal statutory rate due primarily to these same reasons.  
  Effective January 1, 2015, the look-through rule under Subpart F of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code noted above expired but was reinstated in December 2015 retroactive to January 1, 2015. Subpart F requires U.S. corporate shareholders to recognize current U.S. taxable income from passive income, including earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries, regardless of whether that income is remitted to the United States. The look-through rule of Subpart F grants an exception for any passive income of certain foreign subsidiaries that is attributable to an active business. When the look-through exception is not in effect, we are required to accrue a tax liability for those foreign earnings as if those earnings were distributed to the United States. Consequently, in the first quarter of 2015, we recorded the additional tax expense we would have incurred in the absence of the look-through rule.  
  Significant Changes in Assets and Liabilities 
  The increase in goodwill and gross other intangibles assets at   September 30, 2016  , compared with December 31, 2015, included $138.4 million and $148.6 million, respectively, as a result of recording estimates of fair value of the assets acquired with our 2016 acquisitions. The net increase in debt at   September 30, 2016  , compared with December 31, 2015, included $221.9 million of additional borrowings, primarily as a result of funding our acquisition of CIFIN. See  Recent Developments  above for additional information. 
   
  Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  Overview 
  Our principal sources of liquidity are cash flows provided by operating activities, cash and cash equivalents on hand, and our senior secured revolving line of credit. Our principal uses of liquidity are working capital, capital expenditures, debt service, business acquisitions and other general corporate purposes. We believe our cash on hand, cash generated from operations, and funds available under the senior secured revolving line of credit will be sufficient to fund our planned capital expenditures, debt service obligations and operating needs for the foreseeable future. We may, however, elect to raise funds through debt or equity financing in the future to fund significant investments or acquisitions that are consistent with our growth strategy. 
  Cash and cash equivalents totaled   $137.9 million   and   $133.2 million   at   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, of which $91.6 million and $79.7 million was held outside the United States. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had no amounts outstanding under the senior secured revolving line of credit and could have borrowed up to the $210.0 million available. As of   September 30, 2016  , TransUnion has the ability to borrow incremental term loans or increase the revolving credit commitments in one or more tranches, subject to certain additional conditions, so long as the Senior Secured Net Leverage ratio does not exceed   4.25  -to-1. TransUnion also has the ability to borrow up to an additional   $450.0 million   under the senior secured credit facility, subject to certain additional conditions and commitments by existing or new lenders to fund any additional borrowings.  
  The balance retained in cash and cash equivalents is consistent with our short-term cash needs and investment objectives. The Company may be required to make additional principal payments on the Senior Secured Term Loan B based on excess cash flows of the prior year as defined in the agreement. There were no excess cash flows for 2015 and therefore no additional payment was required in 2016. See Part I, Item 1, Note 8  Debt,  for additional information about our debt. 
  Sources and Uses of Cash 

Operating Activities 
  The increase in cash provided by operating activities was due primarily to the increase in operating income excluding depreciation and amortization as well as a decrease in cash paid for interest.  
  
   31 

     Table of Contents  

Investing Activities 
  The increase in cash used in investing activities was due primarily to an increase in cash used to fund acquisitions.  
  Financing Activities 
  The increase in cash provided by financing activities was due primarily to additional borrowing in 2016 to fund acquisitions. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, proceeds from our IPO and additional borrowings under our Senior Secured Term Loan A were used to redeem our 9.625% and 8.125% Senior Notes. 
  Capital Expenditures 
  We make capital expenditures to grow our business by developing new and enhanced capabilities, to increase the effectiveness and efficiency of the organization and to reduce risks. We make capital expenditures for product development, disaster recovery, security enhancements, regulatory compliance, and the replacement and upgrade of existing equipment at the end of its useful life.  
  Cash paid for capital expenditures decreased $10.8 million, from $96.3 million for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , to $85.5 million for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . We expect total capital expenditures to be lower in 2016 than in 2015 as a percentage of revenue as we completed the improvements to our corporate headquarters facility in the first half of 2015 and effectively completed the transformation of our technology platform in the first half of 2016. 
  Debt  
  Senior Secured Credit Facility 
  On June 15, 2010, we entered into a senior secured credit facility with various lenders. This facility has been amended several times and currently consists of the Senior Secured Term Loan A, the Senior Secured Term Loan B and the senior secured revolving line of credit. On July 15, 2015, we used the net proceeds from our IPO, along with   $350.0 million   of borrowings from the Senior Secured Term Loan A, to redeem all of the outstanding   9.625%   and   8.125%   Senior Notes, including a prepayment premium, accrued interest and certain transaction costs.  
  On March 31, 2016, we borrowed an additional $150.0 million of our Senior Secured Term Loan B, on the same terms as the original Senior Secured Term Loan B, to pay off the balance on our senior secured revolving line of credit that we had drawn on in February 2016 to fund the acquisition of CIFIN and for general corporate purposes. On May 31, 2016 we borrowed an additional   $55.0 million   of our Senior Secured Term Loan A, on the same terms as the original Senior Secured Term Loan A, to fund an additional investment in CIFIN and for general corporate purposes. 
  Hedge 
  On December 18, 2015, we entered into interest rate cap agreements with various counter parties that effectively cap our LIBOR exposure on a portion of our existing senior secured term loans at   0.75%   beginning June 30, 2016. We have designated these cap agreements as cash flow hedges. The initial aggregate notional amount under these agreements was   $1,526.4 million   and decreases each quarter beginning September 30, 2016, until the agreement terminates on June 30, 2020. In July 2016, we began to pay the various counter-parties a fixed rate on the outstanding notional amounts of between   0.98%   and   0.994%   and receive payments to the extent LIBOR exceeds   0.75%  .  
  The interest rate caps are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. The effective portion of changes in the fair value of the interest rate cap agreements is recorded in other comprehensive income (loss). The ineffective portion of changes in the fair value of the caps, which is due to, and will continue to result from, the cost of financing the cap premium, is recorded in other income and expense. The effective portion of the change in the fair value of the caps resulted in a loss of   $0.2 million   and   $21.7 million  , net of tax, recorded in other comprehensive income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. respectively. The ineffective portion of the change in the fair value of the caps resulted in a gain of   $0.1 million   and a loss of   $0.9 million   recorded in other income and expense for the three- and nine-month periods, respectively. 
    
  In accordance with ASC 815, the fair value of the interest rate caps at inception is reclassified from other comprehensive income to interest expense in the same period the interest expense on the underlying hedged debt impacts earnings. Based on how the fair value of interest rate caps are determined, the earlier interest periods have lower fair values at inception than the later interest periods, resulting in less interest expense being recognized in the earlier periods compared with the later periods. Any payments we receive to the extent LIBOR exceeds 0.75% is also reclassified from other comprehensive income to interest expense in the period received. Interest expense reclassified from other comprehensive income to interest expense related to the fair value of the portion of the caps expiring in the three- and nine-month periods of 2016 was $0.5 million and $0.5 million. We expect to reclassify  
  
   32 

     Table of Contents  

approximately $7.1 million from other comprehensive income to interest expense related to the fair value of the portion of the caps expiring and payments received to the extent LIBOR exceeds 0.75% in the next twelve months. 
  Effect of Certain Debt Covenants 
  A breach of any of the covenants under the agreements governing our debt could limit our ability to borrow funds under the senior secured revolving line of credit and could result in a default under the senior secured credit facility. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under the senior secured credit facility, the lenders could elect to declare all amounts then outstanding to be immediately due and payable, and the lenders could terminate all commitments to extend further credit. If we were unable to repay the amounts declared due, the lenders could proceed against any collateral granted to them to secure that indebtedness.  
  With certain exceptions, the obligations under the senior secured credit facility are secured by a first-priority security interest in substantially all of the assets of Trans Union LLC, including its investment in subsidiaries. The senior secured credit facility contains various restrictions and nonfinancial covenants, along with a senior secured net leverage ratio test. The nonfinancial covenants include restrictions on dividends, investments, dispositions, future borrowings and other specified payments, as well as additional reporting and disclosure requirements. The senior secured net leverage test must be met as a condition to incur additional indebtedness and at the end of each fiscal quarter. As of   September 30, 2016  , this covenant required us to maintain a net leverage ratio on a pro forma basis equal to, or less than, 6.5-to-1. As of   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with all debt covenants. 
  TransUnion s ability to meet its liquidity needs or to pay dividends on its common stock depends on its subsidiaries  earnings, the terms of their indebtedness, and other contractual restrictions. Trans Union LLC, the borrower under the senior secured credit facility, is not permitted to declare any dividend or make any other distribution subject to certain exceptions, including compliance with a fixed charge coverage ratio and a basket that depends on TransUnion Intermediate Holding, Inc. s consolidated net income. 
  9.625% and 8.125% Senior Notes 
  These notes were repaid in full on July 15, 2015, from the net proceeds from our IPO, along with $350.0 million borrowings from the Senior Secured Term Loan A as discussed above.  
  For additional information about our debt, see Part I, Item 1,  Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 8,  Debt.  
   
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  See Part I, Item 1,  Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements,  Note 1,  Significant Accounting and Reporting Policies,  for information about recent accounting pronouncements and the potential impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
   
  Application of Critical Accounting Estimates 
  We prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. These accounting principles require us to make certain judgments and estimates in reporting our operating results and our assets and liabilities. Although we believe that our estimates and judgments are reasonable, they are based on information available at the time, and actual results may differ significantly from these estimates under different conditions. See the  Application of Critical Accounting Estimates  section in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 1,  Significant Accounting and Reporting Policies  to our audited financial statements included in Exhibit 99.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 1, 2016, for a description of the significant accounting estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
   
  Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of federal securities laws. Any statements made in this quarterly report that are not statements of historical fact, including statements about our beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include information concerning possible or assumed future results of operations, including descriptions of our business plans and strategies. These statements often include words such as  anticipate,   expect,   suggest,   plan,   believe,   intend,   estimate,   target,   project,   should,   could,   would,   may,   will,   forecast,   outlook,   potential,   continues,   seeks,   predicts,  and the negatives of these words and other similar expressions. 
  Although we believe that these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, you should be aware that factors affecting our actual financial results could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking  
  
   33 

     Table of Contents  

statements. Factors that could materially affect our financial results or such forward-looking statements include among others, the risks, uncertainties and factors set forth below under Item 1A,  Risk Factors , and the following factors:  
             
    macroeconomic and industry trends and adverse developments in the debt, consumer credit and financial services markets; 
                
    our ability to provide competitive services and prices; 
                
    our ability to retain or renew existing agreements with large or long-term customers; 
                
    our ability to maintain the security and integrity of our data; 
                
    our ability to deliver services timely without interruption; 
                
    our ability to maintain our access to data sources; 
                
    government regulation and changes in the regulatory environment; 
                
    litigation or regulatory proceedings; 
                
    regulatory oversight of certain  critical activities  
                
    our ability to effectively manage our costs; 
                
    economic and political stability in international markets where we operate; 
                
    our ability to effectively develop and maintain strategic alliances and joint ventures; 
                
    our ability to timely develop new services and the market s willingness to adopt our new services; 
                
    our ability to manage and expand our operations and keep up with rapidly changing technologies; 
                
    our ability to timely complete our multi-year technology transformation; 
                
    our ability to make acquisitions and integrate the operations of acquired businesses; 
                
    our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property, trade secrets and other forms of unpatented intellectual 
     property; 
             
    our ability to defend our intellectual property from infringement claims by third parties; 
                
    the ability of our outside service providers and key vendors to fulfill their obligations to us; 
                
    further consolidation in our end-customer markets; 
                
    the increased availability of free or inexpensive consumer information; 
                
    losses against which we do not insure; 
                
    our ability to make timely payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness; 
                
    our ability to satisfy covenants in the agreements governing our indebtedness; 
                
    our ability to maintain our liquidity; 
                
    our reliance on key management personnel; and 
                
    our controlling stockholders. 
     There may be other factors, many of which are beyond our control, that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements, including factors disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and under the sections entitled  Risk Factors  and  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in this report. You should evaluate all forward-looking statements made in this report in the context of these risks and uncertainties. 
  The forward-looking statements contained in this report speak only as of the date of this report. We undertake no obligation to publicly release the result of any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.  

34 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
  We operate internationally and are subject to various market risks, including those caused by potentially adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates. We also have a significant amount of variable rate debt and funds invested in interest bearing accounts.  
  There have been no material changes from the quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
   
  ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. The term  disclosure controls and procedures  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended, the  Exchange Act ), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 
  Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level. 
  Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
  During the quarter covered by this report, there have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 
   
  PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
  General 
  In addition to the matters described below, we are routinely named as defendants in, or parties to, various legal actions and proceedings relating to our current or past business operations. These actions generally assert claims for violations of federal or state credit reporting, consumer protection or privacy laws, or common law claims related to privacy, libel, slander or the unfair treatment of consumers, and may include claims for substantial or indeterminate compensatory or punitive damages, or injunctive relief, and may seek business practice changes. We believe that most of these claims are either without merit or we have valid defenses to the claims, and we vigorously defend these matters or seek non-monetary or small monetary settlements, if possible. However, due to the uncertainties inherent in litigation, we cannot predict the outcome of each claim in each instance.  
  In the ordinary course of business, we also are subject to governmental and regulatory examinations, information-gathering requests, investigations and proceedings (both formal and informal), certain of which may result in adverse judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions or other relief. In connection with formal and informal inquiries by these regulators, we routinely receive requests, subpoenas and orders seeking documents, testimony and other information in connection with various aspects of our activities.  
  In view of the inherent unpredictability of litigation and regulatory matters, particularly where the damages sought are substantial or indeterminate or when the proceedings or investigations are in the early stages, we cannot determine with any degree of certainty the timing or ultimate resolution of litigation and regulatory matters or the eventual loss, fines, penalties or business impact, if any, that may result. We establish reserves for litigation and regulatory matters when those matters present loss contingencies that are both probable and can be reasonably estimated. The actual costs of resolving litigation and regulatory matters, however, may be substantially higher than the amounts reserved for those matters, and an adverse outcome in certain of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements in particular quarterly or annual periods.  
  
   35 

     Table of Contents  

On a regular basis, we accrue reserves for litigation and regulatory matters based on our historical experience and our ability to reasonably estimate and ascertain the probability of any liability. However, for certain of the matters described below, we are not able to reasonably estimate our exposure because damages have not been specified and (i) the proceedings are in early stages, (ii) there is uncertainty as to the likelihood of a class being certified or the ultimate size of the class, (iii) there is uncertainty as to the outcome of similar matters pending against our competitors, (iv) there are significant factual issues to be resolved, and/or (v) there are legal issues of a first impression being presented. However, for these matters we do not believe based on currently available information that the outcomes will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, though the outcomes could be material to our operating results for any particular period.  
  To reduce our exposure to an unexpected significant monetary award resulting from an adverse judicial decision, we maintain insurance that we believe is appropriate and adequate based on our historical experience. We regularly advise our insurance carriers of the claims, threatened or pending, against us in the course of litigation and generally receive a reservation of rights letter from the carriers when such claims exceed applicable deductibles. We are not aware of any significant monetary claim that has been asserted against us in the course of pending litigation that would not have some level of coverage by insurance after the relevant deductible, if any, is met.  
  The following discussion describes material developments in previously disclosed material legal proceedings that occurred in the three months ended September 30, 2016. Refer to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2016, for a full description of our material pending legal proceedings. 
  OFAC Alert Service  
  Following the U.S. Supreme Court s decision in   Spokeo v. Robins  , holding that the injury-in-fact requirement for standing under Article III of the United States Constitution requires a plaintiff to allege an injury that is both  concrete and particularized,  the stays in the   Ramirez  ,   Miller  ,   Larson   and   Patel   matters were lifted. In August 2016, the Court in   Larson   certified a class of approximately 18,000 California residents with respect to allegations that TransUnion failed to provide consumers with all information in their files in violation of the Fair Credit Reporting Act. In October 2016, the Courts in   Ramirez   and   Patel   denied our motions to decertify the classes based on the implications of   Spokeo  , and the parties in   Miller   have briefed the implications of   Spokeo   for the plaintiff s class certification motion. We intend to continue to defend these matters vigorously as we believe we have acted in a lawful manner. 
  AG Investigations  
  In April 2015, the Attorney General for the State of Mississippi filed an action in the Chancery Court of Jackson County, Mississippi with respect to the certain of the matters reviewed in its investigation. The complaint in State of Mississippi ex rel. Jim Hood, Attorney General of the   State of Mississippi v. TransUnion Corp., Trans Union LLC and TransUnion Interactive, Inc.   (No. 2015-0716-MLF) alleged that certain marketing practices with respect to credit monitoring services sold to Mississippi residents, and certain procedures used to ensure the accuracy of the information in the credit reports of Mississippi residents, constitute unfair and deceptive practices in violation of Mississippi law. In August, 2016, we entered into a settlement with the Mississippi Attorney General s office, pursuant to which TransUnion made a payment to the Mississippi Attorney General s office, and agreed to provide free unlimited credit disclosures for three years to Mississippi residents who request them, actively promote the free credit disclosure offer through an approved promotional campaign, and adopt practice changes for Mississippi consumers that largely track the previously announced initiatives in the National Consumer Assistance Plan, none of which had or will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 
  CFPB Investigation  
  In September 2015, we received a Civil Investigative Demand (a  CID ) from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ). The CID is focused on common industry practices and is part of the CFPB s investigation to determine whether consumer reporting agencies or other persons have been or are engaging in unlawful acts or practices relating to the advertising, marketing, sale or provision of consumer reports, credit scores or credit monitoring products, or similar products or services. We continue to engage in discussions with the CFPB regarding a potential agreed resolution of these matters. At this time, we are unable to predict the outcome of these discussions or this CFPB investigation, including whether the investigation will result in any action or proceeding against us. Based on our discussions to date, however, we believe any such resolution would include monetary relief and changes in the way we advertise, market and sell certain of our products. We do not currently believe that any such payment or practice changes would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. We do not believe we have violated any law, but, rather, believe we have followed all published authority with respect to our practices, and intend to vigorously defend any private claims that may result from this investigation. 
   
  ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
  
   36 

     Table of Contents  

In addition to the other information included in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in  Risk Factors  included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as well as the factors identified under  Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  at the end of Part I, Item 2 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. The risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are not the only risks facing TransUnion. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or operating results. 
   
  ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
                   2.1 
      
    Purchase agreement dated September 21, 2016, by and among TransUnion Healthcare, Inc., RTech Healthcare Revenue Technologies, Inc., the sellers identified therein, and the Seller Representative named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to TransUnion s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 22, 2016).*     

31.1 
       
    TransUnion Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
       
    TransUnion Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32** 
       
    TransUnion Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
       
    XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
       
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
       
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
       
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
       
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
       
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

* 
    Schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The registrant hereby undertakes to furnish copies of any of the omitted schedules upon request by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
        
    Confidential treatment has been requested for portions of this exhibit. These portions have been omitted and submitted separately to the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
      ** 
    This exhibit shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. Such exhibit shall not be deemed incorporated into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

37 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

TransUnion 

October 25, 2016 
    By 
      
    /s/ Samuel A. Hamood 

Samuel A. Hamood 

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

October 25, 2016 
    By 
      
    /s/ Timothy Elberfeld 

Timothy Elberfeld 

Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

38 

Table of Contents  

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
                   2.1 
      
    Purchase agreement dated September 21, 2016, by and among TransUnion Healthcare, Inc., RTech Healthcare Revenue Technologies, Inc., the sellers identified therein, and the Seller Representative named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to TransUnion s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 22, 2016).*     

31.1 
       
    TransUnion Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
       
    TransUnion Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32** 
       
    TransUnion Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
       
    XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
       
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
       
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
       
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
       
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
       
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

* 
    Schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The registrant hereby undertakes to furnish copies of any of the omitted schedules upon request by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
        
    Confidential treatment has been requested for portions of this exhibit. These portions have been omitted and submitted separately to the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
      ** 
    This exhibit shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. Such exhibit shall not be deemed incorporated into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

39 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 transunion-20160930xex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, James M. Peck, certify that: 
  1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of TransUnion; 
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
  a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
  5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 
  a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
  b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
  Date:   October 25, 2016    
    
    /s/ James M. Peck 
  Name: James M. Peck 
  Title: Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 transunion-20160930xex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Samuel A. Hamood, certify that: 
  1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of TransUnion; 
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
  a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
  5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 
  a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
  b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
  Date:   October 25, 2016    

/s/  Samuel A. Hamood 
  Name: Samuel A. Hamood 
  Title: Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 transunion-20160930xex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32 
  Certification of CEO and CFO Pursuant to 
  18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
  as Adopted Pursuant to 
  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of TransUnion for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), James M. Peck, as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Samuel A. Hamood, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to their knowledge: 
  (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
  (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of TransUnion. 
    
  October 25, 2016    

/s/  James M. Peck 
  Name: James M. Peck 
  Title: Chief Executive Officer 

/s/  Samuel A. Hamood 
  Name: Samuel A. Hamood 
  Title: Chief Financial Officer 
    
  This certification accompanies this Form 10-Q and shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 ck0001552033-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ck0001552033-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ck0001552033-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ck0001552033-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ck0001552033-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ck0001552033-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

