<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161101_10-Q_edgar_data_1372514_0001144204-16-130888_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3805640</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>113511</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>250281</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>807607</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1691746</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>867639</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>49</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-130888.hdr.sgml : 20161101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161101171226
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-130888
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EYEGATE PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001372514
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36672
		FILM NUMBER:		161965575

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		271 WAVERLEY OAKS ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 108
		CITY:			WALTHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02452
		BUSINESS PHONE:		781-788-9043

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		271 WAVERLEY OAKS ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 108
		CITY:			WALTHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02452

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-130888.txt : 20161101

10-Q
 1
 v451635_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

OR  

For the transition period from  ___________ 
to  ___________   

Commission File No. 001-36672  

EYEGATE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in
Its Charter) 

Delaware  
      98-0443284   

(State or other jurisdiction of 
         Incorporation or organization)  
     
         (I.R.S. Employer 
         Identification No.)   

271 Waverley Oaks Road  

  Suite 108  

  Waltham, MA 02452  

 (Address of Principal Executive Offices,
including zip code) 

(781) 788-8869  

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.      x    Yes     
     No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
and post such files).      x     Yes     
     No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated filer 
         
     Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
         (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
     Smaller reporting company 
      x   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.)           Yes     
x    No 

At November 1, 2016, there were 9,585,883 shares of the registrant s
Common Stock outstanding. 

EYEGATE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

  Table of Contents  

  QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q  

  For the Period Ended September 30, 2016  

INDEX  

Page   
 
      PART I-FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
      Financial Statements.  
     3  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015  
     3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss (unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     4  

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity (Deficit) (unaudited) for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016  
     5  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     6  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
     7  

Item 2. 
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  
     19  

Item 3. 
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.  
     26  

Item 4. 
      Controls and Procedures.  
     26  

PART II-OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
      Legal Proceedings.  
     27  

Item 1A. 
      Risk Factors.  
     27  

Item 2. 
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.  
     27  

Item 3. 
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  
     27  

Item 4. 
      Mine Safety Disclosure.  
     27  

Item 5. 
      Other Information.  
     27  

Item 6. 
      Exhibits.  
     27  

SIGNATURES  
     28  

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains
statements that are not statements of historical fact and are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. The forward-looking statements are principally, but not exclusively, contained in  Item
2: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  These statements involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially
different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, statements about Company management s confidence or expectations, and our plans,
objectives, expectations and intentions that are not historical facts. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements
by terms such as  may,   will,   should,   could,   would,   expects, 
 plans,   anticipates,   believes,   goals,   sees,   estimates, 
 projects,   predicts,   intends,   think,   potential,   objectives, 
 optimistic,   strategy,  and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. These
statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and are based on assumptions and subject to risks and uncertainties.
Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. We discuss many of these risks
in detail under the heading  Item 1A. Risk Factors  beginning on page 29 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, on March 30, 2016, or the Annual Report, and our Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q, as filed with the SEC on May 13, 2016. You should carefully review all of these factors, as well as other risks described
in our public filings, and you should be aware that there may be other factors, including factors of which we are not currently
aware, that could cause these differences. Also, these forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only
as of the date of this report. We may not update these forward-looking statements, even though our situation may change in the
future, unless we have obligations under the federal securities laws to update and disclose material developments related to previously
disclosed information. 

EyeGate Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is referred
to herein as  we,   our,   us,  and  the Company.  

PART I - FINANCIAL
INFORMATION  

Item 1.    Financial
Statements.  

EYEGATE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

See  accompanying Notes to the Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

EYEGATE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS  

  (unaudited)  

See  accompanying Notes to the Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

EYEGATE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  

  (unaudited)  

See  accompanying Notes to the Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

EYEGATE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CASH FLOWS  

  (unaudited)  

See  accompanying Notes to the Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

EYEGATE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

1. Organization, Business  

EyeGate Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. ( EyeGate , the  Company  or  we )  a Delaware corporation, began operations in
December 2004 and is a clinical-stage specialty pharmaceutical company that is focused on developing and commercializing
products for treating diseases and disorders of the eye. EyeGate s first product in clinical trials incorporates a
reformulated topically active corticosteroid, dexamethasone phosphate, EGP-437, that is delivered into the ocular tissues
though our proprietary iontophoresis drug delivery system, the EyeGate  II Delivery System. The Company is developing the
EyeGate  II Delivery System and EGP-437 combination product (together, the  EGP-437 Product ) for the
treatment of various inflammatory conditions of the eye, including anterior uveitis, a debilitating form of intraocular
inflammation of the anterior portion of the uvea, such as the iris and/or ciliary body, post-cataract surgery inflammation
and pain, and macular edema, an abnormal thickening of the macula associated with the accumulation of excess fluids in the
retina. Effective March 7, 2016, the Company acquired all of the capital stock of Jade Therapeutics, Inc.
( Jade ), a privately-held company developing locally-administered, polymer-based products designed to treat
poorly-served ophthalmic indications (the  Jade Acquisition ).  See  Note 12,  Acquisitions .
EyeGate and Jade are an integrated line of business developing ophthalmic solutions for a variety of ocular diseases and
disorders. 

On February 13, 2015, the Company completed
an underwritten initial public offering (the  IPO ) for 683,250 shares of Common Stock. The net proceeds to the Company
from the IPO, after deducting the underwriting discounts, commissions, and offering expenses, were approximately $2.7 million.
Shares of the Company s Common Stock began trading on the OTCQB Venture Marketplace under the symbol  EYEG  on
February 13, 2015, and the IPO was closed on February 19, 2015. Immediately prior to the IPO, in related transactions, the Company
converted all outstanding notes payable into shares of Common Stock, and all shares of its convertible preferred stock into shares
of Common Stock. The various classes of shares of preferred stock were converted to shares of Common Stock at a different ratio
for each class of preferred stock for 1.00 share of Common Stock. On August 5, 2015, the Company closed an underwritten follow-on
public offering of 1,176,470 shares of its Common Stock, and warrants to purchase 1,176,470 shares of its Common Stock. The net
proceeds to the Company from this follow-on offering, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions, and offering expenses,
were approximately $8.8 million. The warrants are immediately exercisable, and expire on August 5, 2020.  At the closing of
this follow-on offering, the Company also issued and sold additional warrants to purchase up to 176,470 shares of Common Stock
in connection with the full exercise of the underwriters  over-allotment option to purchase additional warrants. On June
30, 2016, the Company completed a subsequent registered direct offering of 441,000 shares of Common Stock and 2,776.5 shares of
Series A Preferred Stock (convertible into 1,234,000 shares of Common Stock), along with a concurrent private placement of warrants
to purchase Common Stock. The total net proceeds to the Company from this subsequent offering, after deducting the placement agent
fees and offering expenses, were approximately $3.4 million. The warrants are initially exercisable on December 30, 2016, and expire
on December 30, 2021.  See  Note 6,  Capital Stock . 

As of September 30, 2016, there were 9,585,883
shares of Common Stock outstanding, $0.01 par value, and 1,226.25 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding, $0.01 par value. 

Effective July 31, 2015, the Company s
Common Stock began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol  EYEG . 

Since its inception, EyeGate has devoted
substantially all of its efforts to business planning, research and development, and raising capital. 

The accompanying Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements have been prepared assuming that EyeGate will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization
of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. At September 30, 2016, EyeGate had Cash and Cash Equivalents
of $5,682,374, and an Accumulated Deficit of $74,897,677. EyeGate has incurred losses and negative cash flows since inception,
and future losses are anticipated. The Company anticipates having sufficient cash to fund planned operations for approximately
six months, however, the acceleration or reduction of cash outflows by Company management can significantly impact the timing for
raising additional capital to complete development of its products. To continue development, EyeGate will need to raise additional
capital through equity financing, license agreements, and/or additional U.S. government grants. Although the Company successfully
completed its IPO, a follow-on offering, and a registered direct offering, additional capital may not be available on terms favorable
to EyeGate, if at all. On May 6, 2016, the SEC declared effective EyeGate s registration statement on Form S-3, registering
a total of $100,000,000 of its securities for sale to the public from time to time in what is known as a  shelf offering .
The Company does not know if any future offerings pursuant to its shelf registration statement will succeed. Accordingly, no assurances
can be given that Company management will succeed in these endeavors. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. The Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements do not include any adjustments to reflect
the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities
or any other adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

EYEGATE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation 

The accompanying Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries, EyeGate Pharma S.A.S. and Jade (since the date of
the Jade Acquisition), collectively referred to as  the Company . All intercompany balances and transactions have been
eliminated in consolidation. These Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States ( U.S. GAAP ) for interim financial information. Certain information
and disclosures normally included in consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been condensed
or eliminated. Accordingly, these unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the
annual financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Unaudited Interim Financial Information 

The accompanying Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements and related disclosures are unaudited, have been prepared on the same basis as the annual financial statements
and, in the opinion of Company management, reflect all adjustments, which include normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a
fair presentation of the results of operations for the periods presented. The year-end balance sheet was derived from audited financial
statements, but does not include all disclosures required by U.S. GAAP. The results of operations for an interim period are not
necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year or for any other future year or interim period. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, at the date of the financial statements, and the
reported amounts of expenses during the reporting periods. The Company makes significant estimates and assumptions in recording
the accruals for our clinical trial and research activities, establishing the useful lives of intangible assets and property and
equipment, and conducting impairment reviews of long-lived assets. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and
various other assumptions that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Although the Company monitors and regularly
assesses these estimates, actual results could differ significantly from these estimates. The Company records changes in estimates
in the period that we become aware of the change. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 

The Company considers all highly liquid
investments purchased with a maturity of 90 days or less when acquired that are not restricted as to withdrawal, to be a Cash Equivalent
for the purpose of the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet and Statement of Cash Flows presentation. Cash Equivalents, which were
nominal in amount, consisted of money market accounts that are readily convertible to Cash. As of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, the Company had classified $45,000 and $20,000, respectively, as Restricted Cash. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

The Company evaluates the potential impairment
of long-lived assets, and long-lived assets to be disposed of, and considers whether long-lived assets held for use have been impaired
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amount may not be recoverable. Company management
makes significant estimates and assumptions regarding future revenues, milestones, cost trends, productivity and market developments
in order to test for impairment. Company management reports those long-lived assets to be disposed of and assets held for sale
at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. Based on current facts, estimates and assumptions, Company management
believes that no assets are impaired at September 30, 2016. There is no assurance that Company management s estimates and
assumptions will not change in future periods. 

Research and Development Expenses 

The Company expenses research and development
( R D ) expenditures as incurred. R D expenses are comprised of costs incurred in performing R D activities,
including salaries, benefits, facilities, research-related overhead, sponsored research costs, contracted services, license fees,
and other external costs. Because the Company believes that, under its current process for developing its products, the viability
of the products is essentially concurrent with the establishment of technological feasibility, no costs have been capitalized to
date. 

EYEGATE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)  

In-Process Research and Development 

The Company records in-process R D
projects acquired as asset acquisitions that have not reached technological feasibility and which have no alternative future use.
For in-process R D projects acquired in business combinations, the Company capitalizes the in-process R D project and periodically
evaluates this asset for impairment until the R D process has been completed. Once the R D process is complete, the Company
amortizes the R D asset over its remaining useful life. 

Accrued Clinical Expenses 

As part of the Company s process
of preparing the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, we estimate accrued clinical expenses. This process includes reviewing
open contracts and purchase orders, communicating with applicable personnel to identify services that have been performed on the
Company s behalf, and estimating the level of service performed and the associated costs incurred for the service when we
have not yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of actual expenditures. The majority of the Company s service providers
invoice monthly in arrears for services performed. The Company estimates its accrued clinical expenses as of each balance sheet
date in the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements based on facts and circumstances we know at that time. The Company periodically
confirms the accuracy of these estimates with the service providers and makes adjustments if necessary. 

Business Segment and Geographical Information 

The Company identifies operating segments
as components of the enterprise for which separate discrete financial information is available for evaluation by the chief operating
decision maker, or decision making group, in making decisions on how to allocate resources and assess performance. The Company
views its operations and manages its business as fully integrated and operating in one business segment, and the Company operates
in one geographic segment. 

Income Taxes 

The Company will record a deferred income
tax asset and liability for the expected future income tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the Company s
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and income tax returns. The Company will record a deferred income tax asset and liability
based on differences between the financial statement carrying, or  book , amounts of assets and liabilities, and the
tax bases of the assets and liabilities using the enacted income tax regulations in effect in the years in which the differences
are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance against deferred income tax asset will be recorded if, based on the weight of available
evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized. As of September 30,
2016, the Company had no deferred income tax asset or liability on its Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

The Company recognizes the impact of an
uncertain income tax position in the financial statements if we believe that the position is more likely than not to be sustained
by the relevant taxing authority. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had no unrecognized uncertain income tax positions. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

Stock-based compensation represents the
cost related to stock-based awards granted to employees and others. The Company measures stock-based compensation cost to employees
at grant date, based on the estimated fair value of the award, and recognizes the cost as expense on a straight-line basis (net
of estimated forfeitures) over the employee requisite service period. The Company estimates the fair value of stock options using
the Black-Scholes valuation model. The Company recognizes compensation expense for non-employee stock option grants at the fair
value of the goods or services received or the equity instruments issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. The Company recorded
compensation expense for non-employee awards with graded vesting using the accelerated expense attribution method. In applying
the Black-Sholes valuation model, prior to July 1, 2016 the Company estimated the volatility factor in the valuation calculation
by using the historic stock volatility of a group of peer public companies. Effective July 1, 2016, the Company determined that
the prior methodology for measuring the volatility of its Common Stock was no longer the best estimate of volatility, and the Company
will instead measure volatility using its own Common Stock volatility. The Company believes that the public market for its Common
Stock is the best measure to use as an input in the option pricing model. All future grants of stock options will use the Company s
historic Common Stock volatility. 

The Company will record a deferred income
tax asset for any stock-based award that results in a deduction on the Company s income tax return, based on the amount of
compensation expense recognized multiplied by the Company s statutory income tax rate in the jurisdiction in which it will
receive the deduction for compensation expense. Differences between the deferred income tax asset recognized for financial reporting
purposes and the actual income tax benefit realized on the Company s income tax return will be recorded in additional paid-in
capital on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets if the income tax benefit exceeds the deferred income tax asset, or in the
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations if the deferred income tax asset exceeds the income tax benefit and no additional
paid-in capital exists from previous awards.  As of September 30, 2016, there are no such differences that are recorded in
the Company s Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

EYEGATE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)  

Related-Party Transactions 

The Company has entered into certain related-party
transactions, making payments for services to one vendor, eight consultants and a public university, all of whom also are stockholders
of the Company. These transactions generally are ones that involve a shareholder or optionholder of the Company to whom we also
make payments during the quarter, typically as a consultant or a service provider. The amounts recorded or paid are not material
to the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Net Loss Per Share   Basic and Diluted 

The computation of Net Loss per Common
Share   Basic and Diluted, is based on the weighted-average number of shares outstanding Common Stock. 

In computing diluted loss per share, no
effect has been given to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion or exercise of the following dilutive securities
as the Company s net loss would make the effect anti-dilutive. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The carrying amounts of
Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable approximate their fair values due to the short-term nature of these items. As of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the fair value of the Company s money market funds and contingent
consideration was $2,000,838 and $1,210,000, and $7,200,450 and $0, respectively. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the Company had no other assets or liabilities that are subject to fair value methodology and estimation in accordance with
FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 820,  Fair Value Measurement . 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company follows Accounting Standards
Update ( ASU ) 2009-13,  Multiple-Deliverable Revenue Arrangements,  and ASU 2010-17,  Revenue Recognition-Milestone
Method  in connection with its accounting for collaboration arrangements. The Company s revenues are generated primarily
through arrangements which generally contain multiple elements, or deliverables, including licenses and R D activities to be
performed by the Company on behalf of the licensor or grantor. Payments to EyeGate under these arrangements typically include one
or more of the following: (1) nonrefundable, upfront license fees, (2) funding of discovery research efforts on a full-time
equivalent basis, (3) reimbursement of research, development and intellectual property costs, (4) milestone payments,
and (5) royalties on future product sales. 

When evaluating multiple element arrangements,
Company management considers whether the deliverables under the arrangement represent separate units of accounting. This evaluation
requires subjective determinations and requires Company management to make judgments about individual deliverables, including whether
such deliverable is separable from the other aspects of the contractual relationship. In determining a unit of accounting, Company
management evaluates certain criteria, including whether the deliverable has standalone value, based on the consideration of the
relevant facts and circumstances for each arrangement. The consideration received is allocated among each separate unit of accounting
using the relative selling price method, and the applicable revenue recognition criteria is applied to each separate unit. 

EYEGATE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)  

The Company generally recognizes revenue
attributable to a license on a straight-line basis over the Company s contractual or estimated performance period, which
is typically the term of the Company s R D obligation. If Company management cannot reasonably estimate when the Company s
performance obligation ends, then revenue is deferred until Company management can reasonably estimate when the performance obligation
ends. The periods over which revenue should be recognized are subject to estimates by management and may change over the course
of the R D agreement. Such a change could have a material impact on the amount of revenue the Company records in future periods.
At the inception of arrangements that include milestone payments, Company management evaluates whether each milestone is substantive
and at risk to both parties on the basis of the contingent nature of the milestone. This evaluation includes an assessment of whether
(a) the consideration is commensurate with either (1) the entity s performance to achieve the milestone, or (2) the enhancement
of the value of the delivered item(s) as a result of a specific outcome resulting from the entity s performance to achieve
the milestone, (b) the consideration relates solely to past performance, and (c) the consideration is reasonable relative to all
of the deliverables and payment terms within the arrangement. Company management evaluates factors such as the scientific, regulatory,
commercial and other risks that must be overcome to achieve the respective milestone, the level of effort and investment required
to achieve the respective milestone and whether the milestone consideration is reasonable relative to all deliverables and payment
terms in the arrangement in making this assessment. The Company has concluded that the clinical and development milestones pursuant
to its R D arrangements are substantive. 

The Company aggregates its milestones into
four categories: (i) clinical and development milestones, (ii) the chemistry, manufacturing and controls ( CMC ) validation,
(iii) regulatory milestones, and (iv) commercial milestones. Clinical and development milestones are typically achieved when a
product candidate advances into a defined phase of clinical research or completes such phase or when a contractually specified
clinical trial enrollment target is attained. CMC validation milestones are typically achieved when the validation paperwork is
finalized. Regulatory milestones are typically achieved upon acceptance of the submission for marketing approval of a product candidate
or upon approval to market the product candidate by the FDA or other global regulatory authorities. For example, a milestone payment
may be due to the Company upon the FDA s acceptance of an NDA. Commercial milestones are typically achieved when an approved
pharmaceutical product reaches certain defined levels of net sales by the licensee, such as when a product first achieves global
sales or annual sales of a specified amount. 

Revenues from clinical and development,
CMC and regulatory milestone payments (if the milestones are deemed substantive and the milestone payments are nonrefundable) are
recognized upon successful accomplishment of the milestones. Revenue from commercial milestone payments are accounted for as royalties
and are recorded as Revenue upon achievement of the milestone, assuming all other revenue recognition criteria are met. 

Payments or reimbursements resulting from
the Company s R D activities are recognized as the services are performed and are presented on a gross basis so long
as there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, the fee is fixed or determinable, and collection of the related receivable is
reasonably assured. Amounts received prior to satisfying the above revenue recognition criteria are recorded as Deferred Revenue
on the Balance Sheet. 

On July 9, 2015, the Company entered into
an exclusive, worldwide licensing agreement with a subsidiary of Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. ( Valeant ),
through which we granted to Valeant an exclusive, worldwide commercial and manufacturing right to the Company s EGP-437 Product
in the field of anterior uveitis, as well as a right of last negotiation to license our EGP-437 Product for indications other than
anterior uveitis (the  Valeant Agreement ). There are four principal R D milestones under the Valeant Agreement:
(i) the Phase 3 Clinical Trial, (ii) the Endothelial Cell Count Safety Trial (a trial to determine that treatment has not adversely
affected a patient s corneal endothelial cell density), (iii) the CMC Validation, and (iv) the New Drug Application,
or  NDA , filing with the FDA (collectively, the  Four Milestones , and each individually, a  Milestone ).
Under the Valeant Agreement, Valeant paid to the Company an initial upfront payment, and we are eligible to receive certain other
payments, upon and subject to the achievement of certain specified development and commercial progress of the EGP-437 Product for
the treatment of anterior uveitis. The Company received the initial up-front payment in 2015, which it recorded as Deferred Revenue
on its Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet, and later in 2015 began receiving certain additional payments, based on R D progress,
to continue over several years. The Company receives payments both when it crosses certain thresholds on the way to each Milestone
(each, a  Progress Payment ), as well as once it achieves each Milestone. The Company is entitled to retain all of
these payments. The Company defers each Progress Payment, capitalizes each payment on its Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet
as Deferred Revenue, and recognizes these payments in the aggregate as Revenue once it achieves the Milestone to which the Progress
Payment relates. The Company recognizes the initial upfront payment as Revenue ratably as it completes each of the Four Milestones,
the amount recognized being the total upfront payment times the percentage represented by the proportionate share of fair value
of each Milestone relative to the total fair value of all Milestones. Accordingly, the Deferred Revenue account on the Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheet is reduced as Revenue is recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. The Company
expects to begin recognizing Revenue with respect to the Valeant Agreement Progress Payments in 2017. 

The Company receives government grant funds
from two sources: the U.S. Department of Defense ( DoD ) and the National Science Foundation ( NSF ). The
Company is paid by the DoD after it performs specified, agreed-upon research, and it records these grant funds as Revenue as it
performs the research. The Company is paid by the NSF before it performs specified, agreed-upon research. We record these NSF funds
on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as Deferred Revenue when invoiced, and recognize these amounts as Revenue ratably as
the research is performed, typically over a six-month period. 

EYEGATE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)  

The DoD and NSF have each committed to
grant funds to Jade for specified ocular therapeutic research activities (together, the  U.S. Government Grants ) to
be conducted through 2017, of which grants approximately $1.028 million remain to be funded. The Company recognizes grant funds
as Revenue when it performs the activities specified by the terms of the grant and is entitled to the funds. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In March 2016, the Financial Accounting
Standard Board ( FASB ) issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718) . The standard
is intended to simplify several areas of accounting for share-based compensation arrangements, including the income tax impact,
classification of the award as equity or as a liability, and classification on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective
for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those reporting period.
The Company is currently evaluating the effect that the new guidance will have on its financial statements and related disclosures. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2016-02,  Leases , which is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December
15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. Under ASU 2016-02, lessees will be required to recognize for all leases at the commencement
date a lease liability, which is a lessee s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease measured on a discounted
basis, and the right-to-use assets, which are asset that represents the lessee s right to use or control the use of a specified
asset for the lease term. The Company does not expect to early adopt this standard and currently has one lease ( see  Note
10) which will be in place at the effective date. The Company is currently evaluating the effect that the new guidance will have
on its financial statements and related disclosures. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15, 
Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) . The new guidance addresses management s responsibility
to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related
footnote disclosures. Management s evaluation should be based on relevant conditions and events that are known and reasonably
knowable at the date that the financial statements are issued. The standard will be effective for the first interim period within
annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company believes that the new guidance will not have a material
effect on its financial statements and related disclosures. 

In May 2014, the FASB issued guidance
that outlines a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts
with customers and supersedes most recent current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. The
core principle of the revenue model is that an entity recognizes revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services
to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those
goods or services. The guidance also specifies the accounting for certain incremental costs of obtaining a contract, and
costs to fulfill a contract with a customer. Entities have the option of applying either a full retrospective approach to all
periods presented, or a modified approach that reflects differences prior to the date of adoption as an adjustment to equity.
In April 2015, the FASB deferred the effective date of this guidance until January 1, 2018. The Company is not early
adopting this standard. The Company s sole revenue activities currently relate to the Valeant Agreement and its U.S.
Government Grants, and based upon its initial review, the Company does not expect the new standard to have a financial effect
on its financial statements and related disclosures; however, the Company is currently evaluating in depth the effect that the new guidance will
have on its financial statements and related disclosures. 

3. Property and Equipment  

Property and equipment at September 30,
2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015 consists of the following: 

Depreciation expense was $649 and $1,026
for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Effective March 7, 2016 with the Jade Acquisition,
the Company added computer equipment of $649. 

4. Accrued Expenses  

Accrued expenses consist of the following:  

5. Debt  

The Company has no indebtedness other than
trade and accounts payable and capital lease obligations in the ordinary course of business. 

6. Capital Stock  

On May 24, 2016, the Company entered into
an At The Market Offering Agreement (the  ATM Agreement ) with H.C. Wainwright   Co., LLC (the  Sales Agent ),
to create an at the market equity program under which the Company can from time to time offer and sell up to 1,319,289 shares of
its Common Stock through the Sales Agent. Effective June 26, 2016, the Company halted indefinitely all future offers and sales
of its Common Stock pursuant to the ATM Agreement. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had not sold any shares of Common Stock
pursuant to the ATM Agreement. On June 30, 2016, the Company closed on the sale of its equity securities in connection with a registered
direct offering, described below, and as a result, the Company was restricted from issuing any shares pursuant to the ATM Agreement
for a period of 90 days following the close of the ATM Agreement. This restriction lapsed on September 28, 2016. 

On June 27, 2016, in connection with the
issuance of 2,776.5 shares of Series A Preferred Stock in the Company s registered direct offering, the Company filed a Certificate
of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Preferred Stock with the Delaware Secretary of State. Each share
of Series A Preferred Stock has a stated value of $1,000 and is convertible into shares of the Company s Common Stock at
any time at the holder s option at an initial conversion price of $2.25. The holder, however, will be prohibited from converting
shares Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock if, as a result of such conversion, the holder, together with its affiliates,
would own more than 4.99% of the shares of the Company s shares of Common Stock then issued and outstanding, which may be
increased to 9.99% in certain circumstances. In the event of the Company s liquidation, dissolution, or winding up, holders
of Series A Preferred Stock will receive a payment equal to $0.01 per share of Series A Preferred Stock before any proceeds are
distributed to the holders of shares of Common Stock. Shares of Series A Preferred Stock will generally have no voting rights,
except as required by law and except that the consent of holders of a majority of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock will
be required to amend any provision of the Company s certificate of incorporation that would have a materially adverse effect
on the rights of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock. Shares of Series A Preferred Stock will not be entitled to receive
any dividends, unless and until specifically declared by the Company s Board of Directors, and will rank: 

EYEGATE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

6. Capital Stock (continued)  

senior to all of the Company s Common Stock to the extent of its liquidation preference of $0.01;   

senior to any class or series of the Company s capital stock hereafter created specifically ranking by its terms junior
to the Series A Preferred Stock to the extent of its liquidation preference of $0.01;   

senior to all of the Company s outstanding warrants; and   

on parity to any class or series of the Company s capital stock hereafter created specifically ranking by its terms on
parity with the Series A Preferred Stock.   

On June 30, 2016, the Company
completed a registered direct offering of 441,000 shares of Common Stock and 2,776.5 shares of Series A Preferred stock
(convertible into 1,234,000 shares of Common Stock), along with a concurrent private placement of warrants. Concurrently with
the closing of the registered direct offering, the holder elected to convert 123.75 shares of Series A Preferred Stock into
55,000 shares of Common Stock. The total net proceeds to the Company from this offering, after deducting the placement agent
fees and offering expenses, were approximately $3.4 million. Additionally, the investor received, for each share of Common
Stock, or for each share of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of a share of Series A Preferred Stock purchased in the
registered direct offering, warrants to purchase one-half of a share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $3.50 per share,
aggregating warrants to purchase 837,500 shares of Common Stock. Upon conversion, any fractional shares will be paid in cash.
The warrants issued to the investor are initially exercisable six months following issuance, and terminate five years
following the initial exercise date (December 30, 2016). In addition, the Company issued to the Sales Agent warrants to
purchase 33,500 shares of Common Stock. The warrants and the shares of Common Stock underlying the warrants issued in this
offering have not been registered under the Securities Act, or applicable state securities laws. During the three months
ended September 30, 2016, the holder of the Series A Preferred Stock converted 1,427 shares of preferred stock into 634,000
shares of Common Stock. 

At each of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, the Company had 100,000,000 and 100,000,000 authorized shares of Common Stock, $0.01 par value, respectively, of which
9,585,883 and 7,657,287 shares, respectively, were outstanding, and 10,000,000 and 10,000,000 authorized shares of Preferred Stock,
$0.01 par value, respectively, of which 3,750 and 0 shares, respectively, were designated as Series A Preferred Stock, and 1,226.25
are issued and outstanding. At September 30, 2016, there were 545,000 shares of Common Stock underlying the outstanding shares
of Series A Preferred Stock .  

7. Warrants  

At September 30, 2016, the following warrants
to purchase Common Stock were outstanding:  

1    Consists of 1,742,000 warrants to
purchase 837,500 shares of Common Stock issued to the investor, and 33,500 shares issued to the Sales Agent, in connection
with the Company s registered direct offering on June 30, 2016. 

  2    Warrant exercise price for a full share
of Common Stock. Each warrant issued is for the purchase of one-half of a share of Common Stock. 

EYEGATE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

7. Warrants (continued)  

All of the warrant agreements provide
for a cashless exercise, whereby the number of warrants to be issued will be reduced by the number of shares which could be
purchased from the proceeds of the exercise of the respective warrant. The outstanding warrants expire from 2016 through
2021. 

8. Stockholder Notes Receivable  

In 2005 and 2006, certain of the Company s
Stockholders and officers issued various promissory notes totaling $195,000 for the sale of Common Stock. The notes were full recourse
and were collateralized by the shares of Common Stock sold. The amended notes bore compound interest at 0.93%, effective October
1, 2012. As of October 1, 2016, these notes had matured. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, principal of $58,824 and $58,824 and accrued interest of $89,616 and $88,995, respectively, was outstanding on the
remaining stockholder note. 

9. Equity Incentive Plan  

In 2005, the Company approved the 2005
Equity Incentive Plan (the  2005 Plan ). The 2005 Plan provides for the granting of options, restricted stock or other
stock-based awards to employees, officers, directors, consultants and advisors. During 2010, the maximum number of shares of Common
Stock that may be issued pursuant to the 2005 Plan was increased to 891,222 shares. The Board of Directors (the  Board )
is responsible for administration of the 2005 Plan. The Company s Board determines the term of each option, the option exercise
price, the number of shares for which each option is granted and the rate at which each option is exercisable. Incentive stock
options may be granted to any officer or employee at an exercise price per share of not less than the fair value per common share
on the date of the grant (not less than 110% of fair value in the case of holders of more than 10% of the Company s voting
stock) and with a term not to exceed ten years from the date of the grant (five years for incentive stock options granted to holders
of more than 10% of the Company s voting stock). Nonqualified stock options may be granted to any officer, employee, consultant
or director at an exercise price per share of not less than the par value per share. 

The Company s adopted the 2014 Equity
Incentive Plan (the  2014 Plan ), and the Employee Stock Purchase Plan the (the  ESPP ), and the Company s
Stockholders approved the 2014 Plan and the ESPP Plan in February 2015. The maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be
issued pursuant to the 2014 Plan and the ESPP is 1,034,888 and 70,567 shares, respectively. 

In January 2016, the number of shares of
Common Stock issuable under the 2014 Plan automatically increased by 306,291 shares pursuant to the terms of the 2014 Plan, which
additional shares are included in the total of 1,034,888 shares issuable under the 2014 Plan. 

The following is a summary of stock option
activity under the 2005 Plan, the 2014 Plan and the ESPP for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

EYEGATE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

9. Equity Incentive Plan (continued)   

On February 24, 2015, the Board approved
the issuance of 350,000 stock options under the 2014 Plan to two executives and seven members of the Board. These options vest
25% on the grant date, 25% on the one-year anniversary of the grant date, and the remaining 50% in 24 monthly equal installments
thereafter. 

During the year ended December 31, 2015,
and the six months ended June 30, 2016, the Company estimated the volatility of its Common Stock based on the average of published
volatilities contained in the most recent audited financial statements of other SEC reporting companies in industries similar to
that of the Company. Effective July 1, 2016, the Company determined that the prior methodology for measuring the volatility of
its Common Stock was no longer the best estimate of volatility and the Company will measure volatility using its Common Stock volatility.
The Company believes that the public market for its Common Stock is the best measure to use as an input in the option pricing model.
All future grants of stock options will use the Company s historic Common Stock volatility. 

In the first quarter of 2016, the Board
approved the grant of options to purchase 210,524 shares of its Common Stock. In the second quarter of 2016, the Board approved
the grant of options to purchase 41,732 shares of its Common Stock. In the third quarter of 2016, the Board approved the grant
of options to purchase 102,815 shares of Common Stock. All option grants were pursuant to the 2014 Plan. In general, options granted
under the 2014 Plan vest 33.33% on the one-year anniversary of the grant date, and the remainder ratably over the 24-month period
following the one-year anniversary. 

The total stock-based compensation expense
for employees and non-employees is included in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and as follows: 

The fair value of options granted for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 was approximately $720,000 and $1,597,000, respectively. As
of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, there is approximately $1,209,000 and $900,000 of total unrecognized
compensation expense related to unvested stock-based compensation arrangements granted, which cost is expected to be
recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.35 and 3.13 years, respectively. The Aggregate intrinsic value of stock
options outstanding and exercisable at September 30, 2016 is approximately $597,000. Options to purchase 86,765 shares of
Common Stock options were exercised during 2016. The intrinsic value of the stock options  for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, was approximately $207,000 and $127,000, respectively. 

At September 30, 2016, there were options
to purchase 70,076 shares of Common Stock available for grant under the 2014 Plan. 

EYEGATE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

10. Commitments and Contingencies  

Leases 

The Company is a party to a real property
operating lease for the rental of office space in Waltham, Massachusetts of up to 4,516 square feet, that is used for its corporate
headquarters. This lease terminates in December 2017. On July 6, 2016, the Company entered into a real property operating lease
for office and laboratory space of approximately 2,300 square feet in Salt Lake City, Utah. This lease terminates in June 2019. 
See  Note 12,  Acquisitions . 

The Company is a party to two equipment
capital lease agreements, one for a three-year term and one for a two-year term, for the use of scientific instruments in its Salt
Lake City laboratory. 

License Agreements 

The Company is a party to four license
agreements. The Company is a licensee under one license agreement that grants to it the exclusive worldwide right to commercialize
the technology related to its proprietary iontophoresis drug delivery system. The Company is a licensor to Valeant Pharmaceuticals,
Incorporated ( Valeant ), granting to Valeant the exclusive worldwide rights to commercialize the EGP-437 Product to
treat anterior uveitis, as described below. The Company is a licensee under an agreement relating to its EyeGate OBG product technology,
granting to the Company the exclusive worldwide right to commercialize the locally-administered polymer-based product technologies
for ophthalmic treatments in humans. Finally, the Company is a party to a license agreement that grants to it the exclusive worldwide
right to commercialize certain Non-Anticoagulant Sulfated Hyaluronan Oligosaccharides ( NASH ) technology. Three of
the four license agreements require the Company to pay royalties to the licensor based on Revenue related to the licensed technology,
and the agreement with Valeant requires Valeant to pay royalties to the Company based on revenue related to the licensed technology. 

On February 15, 1999, the Company entered
in to an exclusive worldwide license agreement with the University of Miami School of Medicine to license technology relating to
the Company s EyeGate  II Delivery System. This agreement, which was amended in December 2005, requires the Company to
pay to the University of Miami an annual license fee of $12,500. This license also requires payments to the University of Miami
upon the Company s achievement of certain milestones. Unless terminated pursuant to the license agreement, this license will
expire 12 years after the date of the first commercial sale of a product containing the licensed technology. 

On September 12, 2013, Jade entered into
an agreement with BioTime, Inc. granting to it the exclusive worldwide right to commercialize cross-linked thiolated carboxymethyl
hyaluronic acid ( CMHA-S ) for ophthalmic treatments in humans.  The agreement calls for a license issue fee paid
to BioTime of $50,000, and requires the Company (through its Jade subsidiary) to pay royalties to BioTime based on revenue relating
to any product incorporating the CMHA-S technology.  The agreement expires when patent protection for the CMHA-S technology
lapses. 

On July 9, 2015, the Company entered into
an exclusive worldwide licensing agreement with a subsidiary of Valeant through which EyeGate has granted Valeant exclusive, worldwide
commercial and manufacturing rights to its EGP-437 Product in the field of anterior uveitis, as well as a right of last negotiation
to license the EGP-437 Product for other indications. Under the agreement, Valeant paid the Company an upfront payment of $1.0
million. The Company is eligible to receive milestone payments totaling up to $32.5 million, upon and subject to the achievement
of certain specified developmental and commercial milestones. In addition, the Company is eligible to receive royalties based on
a specified percent of net sales of the Product throughout the world, subject to adjustment in certain circumstances. 

On June 17, 2016, the Company entered into
an exclusive worldwide license agreement with the University of Utah Research Foundation to further the commercial development
of the NASH technology, together with alkylated HA. The agreement calls for payments due to the University of Utah, consisting
of a license grant fee of $15,000 due within 30 days of signing, and an annual licensing fee, initially $5,000, and escalating
ratably up to $20,000 in 2021. 

11. Employee Benefit Plans  

The Company has an employee benefit plan
for its United States-based employees under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. The Plan allows all eligible employees
to make contributions up to a specified percentage of their compensation. Under the Plan, the Company may, but is not obligated
to, match a portion of the employee contribution up to a defined maximum. The Company made no matching contribution for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

12. Acquisitions  

Jade Therapeutics, Inc. Acquisition  

Effective March 7, 2016, the
Company acquired all of the capital stock of Jade, a privately-held company developing locally-administered, polymer-based
products designed to treat ophthalmic indications. With the Jade Acquisition, Jade became a wholly-owned subsidiary of
EyeGate. Under the terms of the Jade Acquisition agreement, in consideration for 100% of the outstanding equity interests in
Jade, the Company repaid Jade liabilities of up to $300,000 and agreed to issue 765,728 shares of our Common Stock, 90% of
which were issued at the closing, and 10% of which will be held back for 18 months (the  Holdback Shares ) in
order to satisfy post-closing adjustments or indemnification obligations. Subsequent to the Jade Acquisition, the Company
satisfied an additional $232,457 of Jade obligations that arose prior to the acquisition. This amount exceeded the value of
the Holdback Shares, and as a result the obligation to release the Holdback Shares was extinguished and the Holdback Shares
were retired. The Jade Acquisition also includes a cash earn-out provision calling for an additional cash payment of
$2,164,451, contingent upon a Jade product receiving FDA marketing approval. The cash earn-out was recorded as contingent
consideration and valued at $1,210,000 at the acquisition date based on the probability of FDA approval of the three products
in development. The fair value of the shares the Company agreed to issue in the Jade Acquisition was approximately $2.910
million, based on the closing price per share of our Common Stock as reported by NASDAQ Capital Market on the closing date of
the acquisition, $3.80 per share. The adjusted value of the Holdback Shares was $205,207. 

EYEGATE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

12. Acquisitions (continued)  

The following table summarizes the final
purchase price allocation and the fair value of the net assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the Jade Acquisition at the
date of acquisition: 

1   Current Assets include cash, grants receivable and prepaid
expenses of $0.186 million, $0.046 million and $0.369 million, respectively, related to the Jade Acquisition. 

During 2016, the Company finalized its purchase
price allocation during the measurement period relating to certain assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the Jade Acquisition.
As a result, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company adjusted the purchase price for Jade by increasing In-Process
R D by $0.300 million and increasing Liabilities by $0.300 million. The purchase price allocation had no impact on the Company s
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. 

Net Loss in the Condensed Consolidated
Statement of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 includes net losses of Jade from the date of acquisition
to September 30, 2016 of $0.384 million. The Company s Intangible Asset, which consists solely of In-Process R D,
will not be amortized until the underlying development program for the EyeGate OBG program is completed. Completion is
generally considered to have occurred once regulatory approval is granted, and related intangible assets generally are
accounted for as finite-lived intangible assets and amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful life. The
Company expects to amortize the In-Process R D over 3 years once it receives FDA approval to commercialize the EyeGate
OBG. 

Pro Forma Disclosure for Jade Acquisition  

The following table includes the unaudited
pro forma results for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 of the combined companies as though the Jade Acquisition
had been completed as of the beginning of the period presented. 

The pro forma financial information is
presented for information purposes only. The unaudited pro forma financial information may not necessarily reflect our future results
of operations or what the results of operations would have been had we owned and operated Jade as of the beginning of the period
presented. 

13.
Subsequent Events.  

On October 31, 2016, the
Company withdrew its Registration Statement on Form S-3, originally filed on August 31, 2016. 

Item 2.    Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  

The following section of this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q entitled  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
contains statements that are not statements of historical fact and are forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal
securities laws. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results,
performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied
by the forward-looking statements. These statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and are based on assumptions
and subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking
statements include those factors described in  Item 1A. Risk Factors  beginning on page 29 of our Annual
Report on Form 10-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2016, and on page 23 of our Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 13, 2016. You should carefully review all of these factors,
as well as the comprehensive discussion of forward-looking statements on page 2 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  

EyeGate Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is referred
to herein as  we,   our,   us,  and  the Company . Jade Therapeutics, Inc., a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company, is referred to herein as  Jade . 

Business Overview  

We are a clinical-stage specialty pharmaceutical
company that is focused on developing and commercializing products for treating diseases and disorders of the eye. EGP-437, the
Company s first product in clinical trials, incorporates a reformulated topically active corticosteroid, Dexamethasone Phosphate
that is delivered into the ocular tissues through EyeGate s proprietary innovative drug delivery system, the EyeGate 
II Delivery System. In addition, EyeGate is developing products using cross-linked thiolated carboxymethyl hyaluronic acid ( CMHA-S ),
a modified form of the natural polymer hyaluronic acid, which is a gel that possesses unique physical and chemical properties such
as hydrating and healing properties when applied to the ocular surface. The ability of CMHA-S to adhere longer to the ocular surface,
resist degradation and protect the ocular surface makes it well-suited for treating various ocular surface injuries. 

Our proprietary technology, the
EyeGate  II Delivery System, utilizes transscleral iontophoresis to deliver optimal therapeutic levels of drug directly
into the targeted ocular tissue. It offers a potential alternative to current delivery modalities such as eye drops and
ocular injections. Based on technology originating at the Bascom Palmer Eye Institute at the University of Miami, the
EyeGate  II Delivery System has been used in over 2,000 clinical treatments to-date, including more than 1,300 treatments
delivering our lead therapeutic candidate, EGP-437. The system utilizes a low-level electrical current to deliver a specified
amount of drug for each treatment. The process involves applying an electrical current to an ionizable substance - one
capable of carrying an electric charge - to increase its mobility across a biological membrane and, through electrorepulsion,
drive a like-charged drug substance into the ocular tissue. Using our EyeGate  II Delivery System, treatments can be
administered by a wider group of eye care practitioners including ophthalmologists and optometrists. In-office preparation is simple
and efficient, and can be completed by nursing or other office staff. 

We are developing the EyeGate  II Delivery
System and EGP-437 combination product (together, the  EGP-437 Product ) for the treatment of various inflammatory
conditions of the eye, including anterior uveitis, a debilitating form of intraocular inflammation of the anterior portion of the
uvea, such as the iris and/or ciliary body, post-cataract surgery inflammation and pain, and macular edema, an abnormal thickening
of the macula associated with the accumulation of excess fluids in the retina. Based on guidance provided by the FDA, the Company
expects that if the ongoing confirmatory Phase 3 trial of the EGP-437 Product for the treatment of anterior uveitis meets non-inferiority
criteria, data from this trial along with data from our previously completed Phase 3 trial in anterior uveitis will be sufficient
to support a NDA filing. 

The Company s acquisition of Jade
in March 2016 (the  Jade Acquisition ) strengthens our market position as an integrated ocular company through the
addition of a robust preclinical pipeline that complements our ongoing efforts to develop novel treatments for diseases and disorders
of the eye. The Jade acquisition also expands the Company s development focus, and creates a diversified portfolio of ocular assets consisting of EGP-437 and the Company s iontophoretic delivery technology, complemented by a CMHA-S-based
product pipeline. Our expanded product pipeline now includes both preclinical and clinical assets that collectively address  large
market opportunities affecting a wide range of patients suffering from eyesight-threatening diseases and disorders. 

The CMHA-S platform is based
on hyaluronic acid ( HA ), a naturally occurring polymer that is important in many physiological
processes, including wound healing, tissue homeostasis, and joint lubrication. To create hydrogels, the HA is modified to
create CMHA-S that is then cross-linked together through the thiol groups. Some products employ disulfide cross-linking while
others utilize a Polyethylene Glycol Diacrylate, or PEGDA, cross-linker. Cross-linking slows degradation of the HA backbone
and provides a matrix for incorporating therapeutic agents. Variations in the number of thiols per molecule, the molecular
weight of the polymer, the concentration of the polymer, the type of cross-linking, and incorporation of active ingredients,
provides a highly versatile platform that can be tailored to a specific application. CMHA-S can be formulated as gels or
films. Our first CMHA-S-based product, the EyeGate Ocular Bandage Gel ( OBG ), is  a topically-applied eye drop
formulation that is planned to be tested in clinical trials before the end of 2016. The EyeGate OBG eye drop creates a thin,
durable and protective coating to the damaged surface of the eye, serving to facilitate and accelerate
corneal re-epithelization. The EyeGate OBG is intended for the management of corneal epithelial defects, and to accelerate
re-epithelization of the ocular surface following surgery, injection, and other traumatic and non-traumatic conditions. 

Pilot preclinical studies suggest
that the specific CMHA-S chemical modification  comprising the EyeGate OBG  creates a favorable  set of attributes, including
prolonged retention time on the ocular surface, and a smooth continuous clear barrier without blur that can
minimize mechanical lid friction, reduce repeat injury, and mechanically protect the ocular surface, allowing
accelerated corneal re-epithelization. 

The gel is presently available
commercially as a veterinary device indicated for use in the management of superficial corneal ulcers. Manufactured by SentrX
Animal Care and sold in the U.S. by Bayer Animal Health as Remend  Corneal Repair, the product has been used successfully
for 5 years in dogs, cats and horses, without  adverse effects. The composition of the veterinary product is identical to
that of the EyeGate OBG. The Company does not have the rights to the CMHA-S platform for animal health or veterinary
medicine. 

The Company expects to engage in a formal
meeting with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) before year-end 2016 to seek guidance on the clinical path
required for our CMHA-S product in an eye drop formulation (0.75% concentration), the EyeGate OBG. 

On June 1, 2016, we announced interim data
from the first 49 subjects enrolled in the Phase 1b/2a trial of our EGP-437 Product for the treatment of ocular inflammation and
pain in post-cataract surgery. The ongoing Phase 1b/2a clinical trial is a multi-center, open-label trial enrolling up to 80 subjects
who have undergone unilateral cataract extraction and implantation of a monofocal intra-ocular lens. The primary objective of this
trial is to assess the safety and efficacy of iontophoretic EGP-437 in these patients following surgery and determine the optimum
dose and dosing regimen to design a prospective, double-masked, randomized, controlled trial. 

On July 9, 2015, we entered into an exclusive,
worldwide licensing agreement with a subsidiary of Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. ( Valeant ), through
which we granted Valeant exclusive, worldwide commercial and manufacturing rights to our EGP-437 Product in the field of anterior
uveitis, as well as a right of last negotiation to license our EGP-437 Product for indications other than anterior uveitis (the
 Valeant Agreement ). There are four principal R D milestones under the Valeant Agreement: (i) the Phase 3 Clinical
Trial, (ii) the Endothelial Cell Count Safety Trial (a screening tool used to verify that a patient s cornea has an adequate
endothelial cell density), (iii) the chemistry, manufacturing and controls, or CMC, Validation, and (iv) the New Drug Application,
or  NDA , filing with the FDA (collectively, the  Four Milestones , and each individually, a  Milestone ).
Under the Valeant Agreement, Valeant paid to us an initial upfront payment of $1.0 million, and we are eligible to receive milestone
payments totaling up to $32.5 million, upon and subject to the achievement of certain specified developmental and commercial progress
of the EGP-437 Product for the treatment of anterior uveitis. As of September 30, 2016, we have received an aggregate of $3.370
million in upfront and milestone payments from Valeant. In addition, we are eligible under the Valeant Agreement to receive royalties
based on a specified percent of net sales of our EGP-437 Product for the treatment of anterior uveitis throughout the world, subject
to adjustment in certain circumstances. 

Throughout the Company s history,
we have not generated significant revenue. The Company has never been profitable and, from December 26, 2004 (inception) through
September 30, 2016, our losses from operations have aggregated $74.9 million. Our Net Loss was approximately $9.6 million and $5.7
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We expect to incur significant expenses and increasing
operating losses for the foreseeable future as we continue the development and clinical trials of and seek regulatory approval
for our EGP-437 Product for the treatment of uveitis as well as other indications, and the EyeGate OBG, our lead product candidate
for corneal epithelial defects, and any other product candidates we advance to clinical development. If we obtain regulatory approval
for the EGP-437 Product for the treatment of uveitis, or any other indication, we expect to incur significant expenses in order
to create an infrastructure to support the commercialization of the EGP-437 Product, including sales, marketing and distribution
functions. Likewise, if we obtain regulatory approval for the EyeGate OBG, we expect to incur additional significant sales, marketing
and distribution expenses. 

The Company will need additional financing
to support its continuing operations. The Company will seek to fund our operations through public or private equity, debt financings,
license and development agreements, or other sources, which may include collaborations with third parties. Adequate additional
financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Our failure to raise capital as and when needed would have
a negative impact on our financial condition and our ability to pursue our business strategy. We will need to generate significant
revenue to achieve profitability, and we may never do so. 

The Company was formed in Delaware on December
26, 2004. We were originally incorporated in 1998 under the name of Optis France S.A. in Paris, France. At that time, the name
of the French corporation was changed to EyeGate Pharma S.A.S. and became a subsidiary of EyeGate Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Jade was
formed in Delaware on December 31, 2012. EyeGate Pharma S.A.S. and Jade are wholly-owned subsidiaries of EyeGate Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. 

Financial Overview  

Revenues   

To date, EyeGate has recognized Collaboration
Revenue from several U.S. government grants made to Jade for ocular therapeutic research (collectively, the  U.S. Government
Grants ). While we receive cash amounts from Valeant as progress payments toward milestones, these are not yet recorded as
Revenue.  See  Note 2,  Significant Accounting Policies . We expect to continue to incur significant operating
losses as we fund research and clinical trial activities relating to our ocular therapeutic assets, consisting of EGP-437, the
Company s iontophoretic delivery technology, and the Company s CMHA-S-based products. There can be no guarantee that
the losses incurred to fund these activities will succeed in generating revenue. 

Research and Development Expenses   

The Company incurs significant costs in
funding the development of its ocular therapeutic assets, including fees to license technologies that form the basis of our product
platforms. In general, we expense virtually all of our costs as incurred. We expense all research and development ( R D )
expenses, including license fees, as they are incurred. We expect our R D expenses to increase for the foreseeable future as
we advance our ocular therapeutic products through clinical development, including the conduct of our planned clinical trials.
The process of conducting clinical trials necessary to obtain regulatory approval is costly and time consuming. We are unable to
estimate with any certainty the costs we will incur in these processes, and we may never succeed in achieving marketing approval
for our product candidates. 

General and Administrative Expenses   

We expense general and administrative costs
as they are incurred, and expect that these expenses will increase in the future as we expand our operating activities and incur
additional costs associated with being a publicly-traded company and maintaining compliance with NASDAQ listing, SEC filing and
other regulatory, board- and shareholder-related requirements. These increases will likely include higher consulting costs, legal
fees, accounting fees, directors  and officers  liability insurance premiums and fees associated with investor relations. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and
Estimates  

Our Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is based on our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, which we have prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( U.S. GAAP ). The preparation of
these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, as well
as the expenses during the reporting periods. We evaluate these estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates
on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which
form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
sources. Our actual results may differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. While our critical
accounting policies are discussed in more detail in Note 2 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements appearing elsewhere
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we believe that the policies below are particularly important in evaluating our financial
condition and results of operations. 

Accrued Research and Development Expenses   

As part of the process of preparing financial
statements, we are required to estimate and accrue R D expenses. We base our expense accruals related to non-clinical development,
preclinical studies, and clinical trials on our estimates of the services received and efforts expended pursuant to contracts with
organizations/consultants that conduct and manage clinical studies on our behalf. The financial terms of these agreements vary
from contract to contract and may result in uneven payment flows. Payments under some of these contracts may depend on many factors,
such as the successful enrollment of patients, site initiation and the completion of clinical trial milestones. Our service providers
invoice us as milestones are achieved and monthly in arrears for services performed. In accruing service fees, we estimate the
time period over which services will be performed and the level of effort to be expended in each period. If we do not identify
costs that we have begun to incur or if we underestimate or overestimate the level of services performed or the costs of these
services, our actual expenses could differ from our estimates. To date, we have not experienced significant changes in our estimates
of accrued R D expenses after a reporting period. 

However, due to the nature of estimates,
we cannot assure you that we will not make changes to our estimates in the future as we become aware of additional information
about the status or conduct of our clinical studies and other research activities. 

Stock-Based Compensation   

We have issued options to Company employees
purchase our Common Stock. Stock-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of
the award and is recognized as expense over the requisite service/vesting period. Determining the appropriate fair value model
and calculating the fair value of stock-based payment awards require the use of highly subjective assumptions, including the expected
life of the stock-based payment awards and stock price volatility. 

During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, we granted options to purchase 355,071 shares of our Common Stock. 

Revenue Recognition   

The Valeant Agreement entitles the Company
to an initial, up-front payment, which we received in 2015 and recorded as Deferred Revenue on our Balance Sheet, and certain additional
payments, based on R D progress and paid over several years. Under the Valeant Agreement, there are R D Milestones, or
deliverables, for which we receive additional payments. We receive payments both when we cross certain thresholds on the path to
each Milestone (each, a  Progress Payment ), as well as once we finally achieve each Milestone. We are entitled to
retain all of these payments once received. We defer all Progress Payments and capitalize these payments on our Balance Sheet as
Deferred Revenue, and we recognize these payments as Revenue once we achieve the Milestone to which the Progress Payment relates.
The upfront payment is recognized as Revenue ratably as we complete each of the R D Milestones, the amount recognized being
the amount of the upfront payment times the percentage represented by the proportionate share of fair value of each Milestone relative
to the total fair value of the all the R D Milestones. Accordingly, the Deferred Revenue account on our Balance Sheet is reduced
as Revenue is recognized in our Statement of Operations. 

We receive U.S. Government Grant funds
from two sources: the U.S. Department of Defense ( DoD ) and the National Science Foundation ( NSF ). We
are paid by the DoD after we perform specified, agreed-upon research, and we record these grant funds as Revenue as we perform
the research. We are paid by the NSF every six months, before we perform specified, agreed-upon research. The NSF funds are recorded
on the Balance Sheet as Deferred Revenue when invoiced, and recognized as Revenue ratably as the research is performed, typically
over a six-month period. 

Other Information  

JOBS Act   

On April 5, 2012, the Jumpstart Our Business
Startups Act of 2012 (the  JOBS Act ) was enacted. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an  emerging growth
company  can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the  Securities Act ), for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an  emerging
growth company  can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private
companies. We have irrevocably elected not to avail ourselves of this extended transition period and, as a result, we will adopt
new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for other public companies. 

We are in the process of evaluating the
benefits of relying on other exemptions and reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions
set forth in the JOBS Act, as an  emerging growth company,  we intend to rely on certain of these exemptions, including
without limitation, (i) providing an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting
pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and (ii) complying with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing
additional information about the audit and the financial statements, known as the auditor discussion and analysis. We will remain
an  emerging growth company  until the earliest of (a) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual
gross revenues of $1 billion or more, (b) the last day of our fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the completion
of our initial public offering, (c) the date on which we have issued more than $1 billion in nonconvertible debt during the previous
three years or (d) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the SEC. 

Results of Operations  

Comparison of Three Months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015   

The following table summarizes the results
of our operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Collaboration Revenue.  Collaboration
Revenue was $0.274 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $0 million for the three months ended September
30, 2015, reflecting the Jade Acquisition and the accompanying Collaboration Revenue we now generate from the U.S. Government Grants. 

Research and Development
Expenses.   Research and Development Expenses were $2.449 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016,
compared to $0.408 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase of $2.041 million is primarily due to
an increase in clinical and other activity which we were able to undertake after our August 2015 follow-on offering and
is related to the acceleration of Phase 3 clinical trials for the treatment of anterior uveitis, the Phase 1b/2a trial for
post-cataract surgery inflammation and pain, and the development of and clinical trial for the EyeGate OBG, as well as
research expenses attributable to the Company s EGP-437-based and CMHA-S-based product pipelines. 

General and Administrative Expenses.   General
and Administrative Expenses were $1.202 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $0.946 million for the
three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase of $0.256 million was due to increases in payroll, office and other expenses
as company operations have expanded with the acceleration in clinical activity related to the EGP-437 Phase 3 trials for the treatment
of anterior uveitis, the Phase 1b/2a trial for post-cataract surgery inflammation and pain, and the clinical trial for the EyeGate
OBG, as well as the expansion of operations following the Jade Acquisition. 

Net Loss. 
Net Loss of $3.377 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was significantly
larger than the Net Loss of $1.356 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, due principally to the acceleration of
expenses relating to the EGP-437 Phase 3 trials, the Phase 1b/2a trial for post-cataract surgery inflammation and pain, and the
clinical trial for the EyeGate OBG, and increased R D Expenses, General and Administrative Expenses, and other expenses to
support these activities. 

Comparison of Nine Months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

The following table summarizes the results
of our operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Results of Operations (continued)  

Collaboration Revenue.  Collaboration
Revenue was $0.509 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $0 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2015, reflecting the Jade Acquisition and the accompanying Collaboration Revenue we now generate from the U.S. Government Grants. 

Research and Development
Expenses.   Research and Development Expenses were $5.845 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
compared to $1.333 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase of $4.512 million is primarily due to
an increase in clinical and other activity which we were able to undertake after our August 2015 follow-on offering
and is related to the acceleration of Phase 3 clinical trials for the treatment of anterior uveitis, the Phase 1b/2a trial
for post-cataract surgery inflammation and pain, and the development of and clinical trial for the EyeGate OBG, as well as
research expenses attributable to the Company s EGP-437-based and CMHA-S-based product pipelines. 

General and Administrative Expenses.   General
and Administrative Expenses were $4.310 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $2.669 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase of $1.641 million was due to increases in payroll, office and other expenses
as company operations have expanded with the acceleration in clinical activity related to the EGP-437 Phase 3 trials for the treatment
of anterior uveitis, the Phase 1b/2a trial for post-cataract surgery inflammation and pain, and the clinical trial for the EyeGate
OBG, as well as the expansion of operations following the Jade Acquisition. 

Net Loss. 
Net Loss was $9.642 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, significantly smaller
than the Net Loss of $13.925 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, due principally to a charge of $8.222 million
for a Deemed Dividend on Preferred Stock in the nine months ended September 30, 2015, notwithstanding significantly lower Operating
Expenses of $4.002 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 compared to $10.155 million in the nine months ended September
30, 2016. The higher operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the nine months ended September
30, 2015, were due principally to the acceleration of expenses relating to the EGP-437 Phase 3 trials, the Phase 1b/2a trial for
post-cataract surgery inflammation and pain, and the clinical trial for the EyeGate OBG, and increased R D Expenses, General
and Administrative Expenses, and other expenses to support these activities. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Since becoming a public company
in 2015, the Company has financed its operations from the three public offerings of our Common Stock and convertible
preferred stock, and milestone payments from our Valeant License Agreement and the U.S. Government Grants. From inception
through September 30, 2016, the Company raised a total of $70.400 million from such sales of our equity and debt securities,
both as a public company and prior to our IPO, as well as approximately $3.9 million in payments received under our license
agreements and U.S. Government Grants. 

In March 2016, the Company issued approximately
690,000 shares of Common Stock, and paid approximately $0.300 million in cash, to fund the Jade Acquisition. 

On July 9, 2015, EyeGate received the initial
$1.000 million upfront payment from Valeant as provided under the Valeant Agreement. Through September 30, 2016, we have received
cash payments of $3.370 million under the Valeant Agreement, which are presented as Cash and Deferred Revenue on our Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheet. We expect to receive cash payments of approximately $1 million in the fourth quarter of 2016, also
under the Valeant Agreement. 

On May 24, 2016, the Company entered into
an At The Market Offering Agreement (the  ATM Agreement ) with H.C. Wainwright   Co., LLC (the  Sales Agent ),
to create an at the market equity program under which we can from time to time offer and sell up to 1,319,289 shares of its Common
Stock through the Sales Agent. Effective as of June 26, 2016, we halted indefinitely all future offers and sales of our Common
Stock pursuant to the ATM Agreement. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had not sold any shares of Common Stock pursuant to
the ATM Agreement. On June 30, 2016, the Company closed on the sale of our equity securities in connection with a registered direct
offering, described below, and as a result, we were restricted from issuing any shares pursuant to the ATM Agreement for a period
of 90 days following June 30, 2016. This restriction lapsed on September 28, 2016. 

On June 30, 2016, the Company issued 441,000
shares of Common Stock and 2,776.5 shares Series A Preferred Stock, along with a concurrent private placement of warrants, with
total gross proceeds of approximately $3.77 million, in a registered direct offering (the  Offering ). Through September
30, 2016, the holder of the Series A Preferred Stock converted 1,551 shares of Series A Preferred Stock into 689,000 shares of
Common Stock. The Company received net proceeds from the Offering, after deducting the placement agent fees and Offering expenses
of approximately $3.4 million. 

At September 30, 2016, the Company had
Cash and Cash Equivalents of $5.682 million. 

Results of Operations (continued)  

The following table sets forth the primary
sources and uses of cash for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Comparison of Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and
2015   

Operating Activities.  Cash Used
in Operating Activities was $6.362 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $2.911 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. The primary use of Cash was to fund operating losses of $9.642 million in 2016, offset by the
positive impact of receiving cash payments from Valeant and the U.S. Government, some of which is classified as Deferred Revenue
on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet, and some of which is included in Collaboration Revenue in the Condensed Consolidated
Statement of Operations. 

Investing Activities.  On March 7,
2016, we acquired Jade Therapeutics, Inc., a Common Stock and Cash transaction that required the use of $0.186 million in Cash
(net of cash acquired). 

Financing Activities.  We generated
approximately $3.5 million in Cash from financing activities in the first nine months of 2016. 

Funding Requirements and Other Liquidity Matters   

Our EGP-437 Combination Product and our
CMHA-S-based product pipeline are still in various stages of clinical development. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses
and increasing operating losses for the foreseeable future. We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially if and
as we: 

seek marketing approval for our EGP-437 Combination Product and our CMHA-S-based products;  

establish a sales and marketing infrastructure to commercialize our EGP-437 Combination Product and our CMHA-S-based products in the United States, if approved;  

add operational, financial and management information systems and personnel, including personnel to support our product development and future commercialization efforts.  

Until such time, if ever, as we can generate
substantial product revenue, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations,
strategic alliances and licensing arrangements. We do not have any committed external source of funds. To the extent that we raise
additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interest of our Stockholders will be
diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of a Common
Stockholder. Debt financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to
take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we raise additional
funds through collaborations, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with pharmaceutical partners, we may have to relinquish
valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates, including our EGP-437 Product
and our CMHA-S-based products, or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional
funds through equity or debt financings when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development
or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market the EGP-437 Product and CMHA-S-based products that we
would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. 

Based on our cash on hand at September
30, 2016 and cash we expect to receive over the remainder of 2016, we believe we will have sufficient cash to fund planned operations
for approximately six months. However, the acceleration or reduction of cash outflows by management can significantly impact the
timing for raising additional capital to complete development of its products. To continue development, we will need to raise additional
capital through debt and/or equity financing, or access additional funding through grants. Although we completed the IPO, follow-on
and registered direct offerings, additional capital may not be available on terms favorable to EyeGate, if at all. On May 6, 2016,
the SEC declared effective our registration statement on Form S-3, registering a total of $100,000,000 of our securities for sale
to the public in what is known as a  shelf offering . We do not know if our future offerings pursuant to our shelf
registration statement will succeed. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that management will be successful in these endeavors.
These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets
or the amounts and classification of liabilities or any other adjustments that might be necessary should we be unable to continue
as a going concern. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We had no off-Balance Sheet arrangements
as of September 30, 2016. 

Contractual Obligations  

The following table summarizes our contractual
obligations as of September 30, 2016: 

1   Lease obligations reflect our obligation to make payments in connection with operating leases for our office space and
                                                                     capital leases with respect to laboratory equipment.   

2   Licensing Agreement obligations represent our commitments under license agreements, including those made by the Company under
its license agreements with the University of Miami School of Medicine and the University of Utah Research Foundation.   

3   Purchase Obligations relate to a Master Service Agreement with a contract research organization ( CRO ). The CRO
will provide clinical research services for Phase 3 trials in patients with non-infectious anterior segment uveitis.   

4   This table does not include (a) anticipated expenditures under supply agreements for periods for which we are not yet
bound under binding purchase orders, (b) contracts that are entered into in the ordinary course of business that are not material
in the aggregate in any period presented above.   

Item 3.    Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.  

Not applicable. 

Item 4.    Controls and
Procedures.  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

Disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified
in SEC rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the President and Chief
Executive Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

In connection with the preparation of this
Quarterly Report on the Form 10-Q, the Company s Management, under the supervision of, and with the participation of, our
President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms,
and our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating and implementing our disclosure controls and procedures.
Based upon the evaluation described above, our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded
that they believe that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Accounting and
Reporting  

In connection with the Jade Acquisition,
we began implementing standards and procedures in our Salt Lake City office, including establishing controls over accounting systems
and establishing controls over the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP to ensure that we have in place
appropriate internal control over financial accounting and reporting. We believe we have successfully integrated the acquired operations
of Jade into our overall internal control over financial accounting and reporting process. 

These changes to the Company s internal
control over financial accounting and reporting that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2016 have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial accounting and reporting. 

PART II-OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.    Legal Proceedings.  

While we are not currently a party to any
legal proceedings, from time to time we may be a party to a variety of legal proceedings that arise in the normal course of our
business. 

Item 1A.    Risk Factors.  

Item 1A of Part I of our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on March 30, 2016, and Item 1A of Part I of our Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, filed with the SEC on May 13, 2016, contain risk factors identified by
the Company. There have been no material changes to the risk factors we previously disclosed. Our operations could also be affected
by additional factors that are not presently known to us or by factors that we currently consider immaterial to our business. 

Item 2.    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.  

None. 

Purchase of Equity Securities  

We did not purchase any of our registered
equity securities during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Item 3.    Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  

Not applicable. 

Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures.  

Not applicable. 

Item 5.    Other Information.  

None. 

Item 6.    Exhibits.  

The exhibits filed as part of this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q are set forth on the Exhibit Index immediately preceding such exhibits, and are incorporated herein
by reference. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: November 1, 2016 
       
     By: 
     /s/ Stephen From  

President and Chief Executive Officer 
         (Principal executive officer)   

Date: November 1, 2016 
       
     By: 
     /s/ Ryan R. Brenneman  

Chief Financial Officer 
         (Principal financial and accounting officer)   

EXHIBIT INDEX  

The following exhibits are filed as part
of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Where such filing is made by incorporation by reference to a previously filed document,
such document is identified. 

101.INS 
       
     XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document  

101.PRE 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

**  This certification shall not be deemed  filed 
for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed
to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act. 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451635_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

Certification  

I, Stephen From, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of EyeGate
Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of the registrant s Board of
Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: November 1, 2016 

/s/ Stephen From  

Stephen From  

President and Chief Executive Officer 
         (Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451635_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

Certification  

I, Ryan R. Brenneman, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of EyeGate
Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of the registrant s Board of
Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: November 1, 2016 

/s/ Ryan R. Brenneman  

Ryan R. Brenneman  

Chief Financial Officer 
         (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v451635_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC FINANCIAL REPORT  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  

The undersigned officer of EyeGate Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. (the  Company ) hereby certifies to his knowledge that the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) to which this certification is being furnished as an exhibit,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), and that the information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.
This certification is provided solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K ( Item
601(b)(32) ) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and the Exchange
Act. In accordance with clause (ii) of Item 601(b)(32), this certification (A) shall not be deemed  filed 
for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and (B) shall
not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent
that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

Date: November 1, 2016 

/s/ Stephen From  

Stephen From  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v451635_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2  

CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC FINANCIAL REPORT  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  

The undersigned officer of EyeGate Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. (the  Company ) hereby certifies to his knowledge that the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) to which this certification is being furnished as an exhibit,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), and that the information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.
This certification is provided solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K ( Item
601(b)(32) ) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and the Exchange
Act. In accordance with clause (ii) of Item 601(b)(32), this certification (A) shall not be deemed  filed 
for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and (B) shall
not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent
that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

Date: November 1, 2016 

/s/ Ryan R. Brenneman  

Ryan R. Brenneman  

Chief Financial Officer 
         (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 eyeg-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 eyeg-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 eyeg-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 eyeg-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 eyeg-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 eyeg-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

