<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161007_10-K_edgar_data_1334699_0001144204-16-127386_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5370045</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>253006</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>543736</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1350087</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2153358</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>934170</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>53</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-127386.hdr.sgml : 20161007
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161007161944
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-127386
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161007
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161007

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Li3 Energy, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001334699
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MINING, QUARRYING OF NONMETALLIC MINERALS (NO FUELS) [1400]
		IRS NUMBER:				203061907
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54303
		FILM NUMBER:		161928245

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		MATIAS COUSI?O 82
		STREET 2:		OFICINA 806
		CITY:			SANTIAGO
		STATE:			F3
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		56 2 2206 5252

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		MATIAS COUSI?O 82
		STREET 2:		OFICINA 806
		CITY:			SANTIAGO
		STATE:			F3
		ZIP:			00000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NanoDynamics Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080729

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Mystica Candle Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050729

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-127386.txt : 20161007

10-K
 1
 v448999_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

  FORM 10-K  

(Mark One) 

For the fiscal year ended:  June 30, 2016  

 or 

For the transition period from _______________
to _______________ 

Commission file number:  000-54303 

Li3 Energy, Inc.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

Nevada   
       20-3061907    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
      (IRS Employer Identification No.)   
 
      incorporation or organization)  

Matias Cousi o 82   

Oficina 806   

Santiago   

Chile   

(Address of principal executive offices)  
      (Zip Code)   

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

  Yes         No      

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file
reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

  Yes         No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

  Yes           No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  

  Yes         No      

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part
III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.                                      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of the  large
accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer      
      Accelerated Filer                      

Non-Accelerated Filer       (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company       

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes            No      

On December 31, 2015, the last business day
of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, 271,310,115 shares of its common stock, par value $0.001
per share (its only class of voting or non-voting common equity), were held by non-affiliates of the registrant.  The
aggregate market value of such shares was approximately $5,697,512, based on the price at which the registrant s common stock
was last sold at such time (i.e. $0.021 per share on December 31, 2015).  For purposes of making this calculation, shares
beneficially owned at such time by each executive officer and director of the registrant and by each beneficial owner of greater
than 10% of the voting stock of the registrant have been excluded because such persons may be deemed to be affiliates of the registrant.  This
determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 

As of October 7, 2016, there were 495,153,347
shares of the registrant's common stock, par value $0.001, issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Item
    Number and Caption    
         
      Page   

Forward-Looking
    Statements    
         
      3   

PART
    I    
         
      4   

1.  
        Business    
         
      4   
 
      1A.  
        Risk
    Factors    
         
      18   
 
      1B.  
        Unresolved
    Staff Comments    
         
      27   
 
      2.  
        Properties    
         
      27   
 
      3.  
        Legal
    Proceedings    
         
      27   
 
      4.  
        Mine
    Safety Disclosures    
         
      28   

PART
    II    
         
      29   

5.  
        Market
    for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities    
         
      29   
 
      6.  
        Selected
    Financial Data    
         
      30   
 
      7.  
        Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
         
      31   
 
      7A.  
        Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    
         
      38   
 
      8.  
        Financial
    Statements and Supplementary Data    
         
      38   
 
      9.  
        Changes
    in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting, and Financial Disclosure    
         
      38   
 
      9A  
        Controls
    and Procedures    
         
      38   
 
      9B.  
        Other
    Information    
         
      39   

PART
    III    
         
      40   

10.  
        Directors,
    Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance    
         
      40   
 
      11.  
        Executive
    Compensation    
         
      44   
 
      12.  
        Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters    
         
      50   
 
      13.  
        Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence    
         
      51   
 
      14.  
        Principal
    Accounting Fees and Services    
         
      53   

PART
    IV    
         
      54   

15.  
        Exhibits
    and Financial Statement Schedules    
         
      54   

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

Various statements in this Annual Report,
including those that express a belief, expectation or intention, as well as those that are not statements of historical fact, are
 forward-looking statements.   The forward-looking statements may include projections and estimates concerning
the timing and success of specific projects, revenues, income and capital spending. Forward-looking statements are often (but not
always) accompanied by words such as  believe,  intend,  expect,  seek,  may,  should,  anticipate,  could,  estimate,  plan,  predict,  project,  target,  goal,  objective 
or other similar expressions. These statements are likely to address our growth strategy, financial results and exploration and
development programs, among other things.  

Forward-looking statements are subject to
risks and uncertainties that may change at any time. The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are largely
based on our expectations, which reflect many estimates and assumptions made by our management. These estimates and assumptions
reflect our best judgment based on currently known market conditions and other factors. Although we believe such estimates and
assumptions are reasonable, we caution that it is very difficult to predict the impact of known factors and it is impossible for
us to anticipate all factors that could affect our actual results. In addition, management s assumptions about future events
may prove to be inaccurate.  Management cautions all readers that the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual
Report are not guarantees of future performance, and we cannot assure any reader that such statements will be realized or the forward
looking events and circumstances will occur.  There are a number of risks, uncertainties and other important factors
that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements, including,
but not limited to, those described in the  Risk Factors  section and elsewhere in this Annual Report.  

All forward-looking statements are based
upon information available to us on the date of this Annual Report. Except as otherwise required by the federal securities laws,
we disclaim any obligations or undertaking to publicly release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained
in this Report to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances
on which any such statement is based.  

3  

PART I  

ITEM
                          1.      BUSINESS   

Corporate Summary  

Li3 Energy, Inc., ( Li3,   Li3
Energy ,  the Company   we,   our  or  us ) was incorporated under the laws
of the state of Nevada on June 24, 2005. We are an exploration company in the lithium and potassium mining sector, based in South
America. Our common stock is currently quoted on the OTCQB. We aim to acquire and develop a unique portfolio of lithium and potassium
brine projects in the Americas. We are focused on further exploring, developing and commercializing our 49% interest in the
Maricunga Project (as defined below), located in the northeast section of the Salar de Maricunga in Region III of Atacama in northern
Chile, as well as increasing our portfolio of projects. 

The  Maricunga Project  refers
to a lithium and potassium exploration project consisting of two adjacent properties covering an aggregate of 1,888 hectares: a
60% interest in Sociedades Legales Mineras Litio 1 a 6 de la Sierra Hoyada de Maricunga ( SLM Litio 1-6 ), and a 100%
interest in a group of exploitation mining concessions named Cocina 19 through 27 (the  Cocina Mining Concessions ).
To the best of our knowledge, the Maricunga Project is the only advanced exploration stage lithium and potassium project within
the Salar de Maricunga, the second largest lithium-bearing salt brine deposit in Chile. We plan to continue exploring other synergistic
opportunities to further augment and strengthen this property and our land portfolio throughout the region. We are seeking to be
a low cost producer of lithium, potash and other mineral products. 

Our goals are to: a) advance our portfolio
of projects to the feasibility study stage; b) support the global implementation of clean and green energy initiatives; c) meet
growing lithium market demands; and d) become a mid-tier, low cost secondary supplier of lithium, potassium, and other strategic
minerals, serving global clients in the energy, fertilizer and specialty chemical industries. 

All of our mineral rights in the Maricunga Project are currently held by Minera Li Energy SpA ( Minera
Li ), of which the Company holds a 49% ownership interest. The controlling interest in Minera Li (51%) is held by a private
Chilean company, Minera Salar Blanco SpA ( MSB , previously BBL SpA). Pursuant to our Shareholders Agreement with MSB,
MSB has agreed to provide funding for our share of the development of the Maricunga Project until construction permits are in place. 

In Chile, the Chilean Organic Law on Mining
Concessions ( LOCM ) and the Chilean Mining Code ( CMC ) provide that lithium may not be granted in a mining
concession initiated after January 1, 1979. As a result, only mining exploitation concessions initiated before January 1, 1979
are authorized for the exploitation of lithium. For all other cases, the CMC establishes the reserve of lithium to Chile and expressly
provides that the exploration or exploitation of  non-concessible  substances (including lithium) can be performed
only directly by the State of Chile, or its companies, or by means of administrative concessions or special operation contracts,
fulfilling the requirements and conditions set forth by the President of Chile for each case. As a result, Minera Li is currently
authorised to exploit lithium from the Cocina Mining Concessions but not from SLM Litio 1-6. 

However, in June 2014, Chile s President and Minister of Mining signed a decree for the establishment
of the National Lithium Commission, with the objective of recommending a new state policy for the exploitation of lithium and promotion
and development of new projects in Chile. In January 2015, the National Lithium Commission issued its report and, as a result,
the Chilean government is to consider working alongside companies from the private sector to develop the country's lithium reserves,
increase production and secure the long-term sustainability of Chile's lithium industry. Since then, the Chilean government
has continued to announce upcoming changes to the legislation in favor of advancing new lithium projects. We believe this is a
positive step forward in Minera Li s continued efforts of seeking a permit to exploit lithium from SLM Litio 1-6. Minera
Li continues to seek a permit for SLM Litio 1-6, however, if no permit for lithium exploitation is acquired, Minera Li plans to
develop and exploit potassium from this property. 

4  

Through
our strategic partner, POSCO Canada, Ltd. ( POSCAN ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of POSCO (NYSE: PKX), we have been
evaluating the use of advanced process technologies that may further improve upon the economics and shorten the commercial production
timeline of Minera Li s Maricunga Project, of which we retained a 49% interest. These technologies have been evaluated by
POSCO in a pilot test facility, proving effective when measured against the conventional lithium and potassium commercialization
process.  

According
to the signumBOX Performance Index published in August 2016, SLM Litio 1-6 is ranked as the seventh best undeveloped lithium project
in the world out of 22 other brine salars, subject to obtaining lithium exploitation permits. SLM Litio 1-6 is the highest ranked
undeveloped lithium brine project in Chile and after Atacama, the Salar de Maricunga has the second highest quality deposit of
lithium in Chile.  

Since May
2011, our key activities were as follows:  

Completed acquisition of 60% Controlling
Interest in SLM Litio1-6, which established the Maricunga Project.    

Entered into a strategic partnership with
POSCAN, which established, among other things, an $18 million Exploration and Development program for SLM Litio 1-6.    

Completed $8 million funding tranche with
POSCAN and launched $8 million Phase One Exploration Plan on SLM Litio 1-6.    

Issued a technical report validating our
lithium and potash exploration campaign at SLM Litio 1-6 and recommending the project to advance to the feasibility study stage.    

Completed a $10 million funding tranche
from POSCAN.    

Formed a consortium (Li3 Energy, POSCO,
Mitsui, Daewoo) to bid on auction for lithium exploitation permit on SLM Litio 1-6.    

Participated in a government auction for
a lithium exploitation permit (CEOL) for SLM Litio 1-6, for which we were unsuccessful. The CEOL process was subsequently cancelled
by the Chilean government.    

Received approval of the environmental
impact declaration for SLM Litio 1-6.    

Acquired the Cocina Mining Concessions
for a purchase price of $6.3 million. The Cocina Mining Concessions do not require a special permit to exploit lithium.    

During
January 2014, the Company executed an agreement with MSB pursuant to which MSB acquired 51% of Minera Li, with Li3 retaining 49%
ownership.  

During the year ended June 30, 2016, work was undertaken
on a preliminary work program for the Maricunga Project to expand the work performed on SLM Litio 1-6 to include additional studies
of the Cocina Mining Concessions and the extent of the whole salar. The works undertaken included preparation of a new exploration
plan and relevant approvals, preparation and permitting of a new environmental impact declaration, geophysical surveys, initiation
of baseline monitoring programs and pumping test program on existing production wells. The results of the testing are expected
during the last quarter of 2016. Additionally, a new exploration program is expected to commence before the end of 2016.  

On January 29, 2016, the Company executed a
non-binding letter of intent with Wealth Minerals Ltd for a transaction between the companies. This transaction is currently under
review by the Company. 

We believe that if Minera Li is successful
in advancing the Maricunga Project through the exploration and feasibility study stage, obtains the necessary Chilean government
approvals/licenses, closes and acquires additional land acreage to support further development of the Maricunga Project, achieves
a definitive feasibility study, and raises the necessary capital, Minera Li could begin commercial production and generate revenues
within the next 5-7 years. However, there can be no assurance that Minera Li will achieve these stated objectives. 

5  

We are led by a management team with extensive exploration, mining, minerals, finance and commercialization
expertise, and a Board of Directors who have advised, led and operated numerous mining entities. They are supported by an experienced
technical team, many of whom have worked on other junior lithium projects. Our management team is closely involved in advising
on the development of the Maricunga Project. 

We have never generated revenues from operations
and currently do not expect to generate any such revenues in the near term. 

Strategic Plan  

Our objective is to become an integrated chemical
company through the strategic acquisition and development of lithium and potassium assets, as well as other assets that have by-product
synergies. Part of our strategic plan is to ensure Minera Li explores and develops the existing Maricunga Project while we simultaneously
identify other synergistic opportunities with new projects with production potential that could also be advanced in an accelerated
manner. Our goal is to become a company with valuable lithium, potassium and other industrial minerals properties. Our primary
objective is to become a low cost lithium and potash producer utilizing improved technologies for the extraction of lithium and
potash from brines. 

Some of the actions we have taken in striving
to achieve our objective are as follows: 

Advancement of the Existing Maricunga Project  

Along
with our strategic partner MSB, we are fully committed to advancing the Maricunga Project, and to enable this, in August 2016,
we agreed to form a joint venture with MSB and Lithium Power International Limited ( LPI ), in which LPI will contribute
$27.5 million in cash to cover exploration and development costs for the next 2.5 years until the completion of a definitive feasibility
study in late 2018.  

The Company continues to pursue joint venture opportunities within the Salar de Maricunga and MSB has also
acquired options to buy additional mining properties with the Salar in order to consolidate its property holdings within the Salar
de Maricunga. We continue to negotiate with the Chilean government regarding permitting for exploitation of lithium and have taken
part in the discussions with the National Lithium Commission for a joint effort between the state and private companies to develop
a lithium project within Chile. 

In March 2013, POSCO announced that
it had developed a chemical lithium extraction technology that reduces recovery time from around 12 months to less than a few
days. Testing of this technology showed that it increases the lithium recovery rate from a maximum of 50% using traditional evaporation
ponds to more than 80%, and the lithium carbonate produced is more than 99.9% pure. Minera Li plans to assess the use of this
technology to gain efficiencies in exploiting lithium from the Maricunga Project. 

In January 2015, initial test results from
POSCO s demonstration plant located in the Cauchari-Olaroz salar in Argentina indicated that the direct lithium extraction
process achieved or exceeded all performance targets and that the lithium products subsequently processed were of very high quality.
During a one month period, over 20 tonnes of lithium phosphate was produced from the demonstration plant and subsequently exported
to POSCO s facility in Pohang, Korea where it was further processed into battery grade lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide. 

Identifying other opportunities with new
projects  

The current market environment is showing attractive
valuations for advanced lithium projects, and due to our execution of the Maricunga Project and our regional/market knowledge,
we believe that we are uniquely positioned to identify and execute certain new opportunities. We have been actively reviewing opportunities
with low-cost, high quality deposits in an advanced exploration stage that are located mainly in Chile, Argentina and North America. 

6  

Strategic Partners  

MSB   

MSB is a Chilean private company which was
formed in 2013 to explore and develop the Maricunga Salar. It is controlled by Chilean businessman Martin Borda, who is involved
in a wide range of industries including the automotive, aquaculture and food sectors. 

On January 27, 2014, the Company entered into
a sale agreement with MSB, pursuant to which MSB acquired from the Company eleven of its sixty shares of Minera Li (the  Share
Purchase ) for a cash payment of $1,500,000. In connection with the Share Purchase, Minera Li held a shareholders 
meeting, pursuant to which Minera Li issued forty additional shares to MSB in exchange for a cash payment of $5,500,000 (together
with the Share Purchase, the  MSB Transaction ). As a result of the MSB Transaction, MSB became the majority shareholder
of Minera Li holding 51% ownership, with the Company retaining a 49% interest. 

Concurrent
with the execution of the MSB Transaction, the Company and MSB also entered into a Shareholders Agreement regarding their joint
ownership of Minera Li (the  Shareholders Agreement ). Under the Shareholders Agreement, MSB agreed to pay $1,000,000
(the  Additional Payment ) to the Company upon the earlier of (i) its completion of certain project milestones relating
to the permitting and development of the Maricunga Project, and (ii) January 27, 2016.   

MSB
agreed to finance the Company s exploration and development expenses until the Maricunga Project reaches full permitting
and is ready for construction, by providing loans due 24 months from receipt at an interest rate of 12% per annum and secured
by the Company s ownership interest in Minera Li. Specific limits for these loans were to be negotiated in good faith between
MSB and the Company. As of June 30, 2016, the Company has not received any such loans.  

MSB
also provided the Company with a credit facility of $1,800,000 for working capital, pursuant to which $1,220,000 were provided
to the Company by MSB. The loans were due for repayment 18 months from each drawdown date at an interest rate of 8.5%, and the
Company pledged 13 of its shares in Minera Li as security for the loans.  

On January 19, 2016, the Company entered
into an additional agreement with MSB whereby the Company and MSB agreed to offset the $1,000,000 Additional Payment MSB previously
agreed to provide to the Company against $1,000,000 of the Company s notes payable to MSB and $134,901 of accrued interest
owed to MSB was rolled into the Company s existing note payable. In addition, MSB loaned an additional $100,000 to the Company
and MSB waived the 13 shares in Minera Li which were pledged by the Company to MSB as security for its notes payable. The resulting
$454,901 loan payable is due on January 18, 2018, bears interest at 8.5% per annum, and is secured by 5 of the Company s
shares in Minera Li. 

In accordance with the Shareholders Agreement,
the board of directors of Minera Li consists of three representatives from MSB and two representatives from Li3, including Li3 s
Chairman and CEO. Although financial control of Minera Li lies with MSB, MSB is reliant on Li3 s expertise in the mining
and lithium sectors. As such, the technical team previously responsible for the Maricunga Project remains deeply involved in its
current development plans and continues to be supervised by Li3 s management and board participants. 

POSCO / POSCAN   

POSCO (with its subsidiaries) is a diversified
company, with operations in energy, chemicals and materials and is one of the largest steel manufacturers in the world. It is publicly-listed
on the NYSE and POSCO s management possesses executive leadership, a world renowned Global Research and Development Center
(RIST), a vast knowledge of lithium and other strategic minerals, and a vision to transform the methodology in how lithium is commercialized.
We believe that POSCO demonstrates a unique ability to apply both intellectual and financial capital, and that a strategic partnership
with POSCO would enable the Company to begin to execute its strategic plan. 

7  

On August 24, 2011, we entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the  SPA ) and an Investor Rights Agreement (the  IRA  and, together with the SPA,
the  POSCAN Agreements ) with POSCAN pursuant to which POSCAN acquired 100,595,238 units of the Company for approximately
$18 million, with each unit consisting of one share of common stock and one three-year warrant, each warrant enabling the holder
to purchase one share of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of $0.21 per share. Li3 also agreed to issue POSCAN
a two-year warrant to purchase 5,000,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.15 per share (together with the warrants
underlying the units, the POSCAN Warrants). All POSCAN Warrants have expired unexercised and, as of the date of this filing, shares
of the Company s common stock held by POSCAN represent 20.3% of our common stock currently issued and outstanding. 

The IRA provides that Li3 will appoint a director
nominated by POSCAN to our board of directors, and will continue to nominate a POSCAN-designee at each annual meeting for as long
as POSCAN owns not less than 10% of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Mr. Gi-Chen Eom is currently the POSCAN-designee
on the Company s board of directors. 

In March 2013, POSCO announced that it had
successfully completed testing of its proprietary, patented Direct Lithium Extraction Process. This process addresses the current
economics and inefficiencies in the lithium market by significantly improving lithium recovery yields and shortening the time to
commercial production. According to POSCO, this process includes the following benefits: 

Significantly reduces the use of evaporation ponds, thereby reducing capital requirements, time
to market, required land footprint, and variability of production rates and quality;   

Lowers processing times (from an average of 12 months under traditional methods to under 8 hours),
thereby reducing working capital requirements and time to market; and   

Higher lithium recoveries (increase from 40-50% under traditional methods to 70-80%), thereby enabling
faster and greater recovery of lithium from the same brine resource.   

In January 2015, initial test results from
POSCO s demonstration plant located in the Cauchari-Olaroz salar in Argentina indicated that the Direct Lithium Extraction
Process achieved or exceeded all performance targets and that the lithium products subsequently processed were of very high quality.
During a one month period, over 20 tonnes of lithium phosphate was produced from the demonstration plant and subsequently exported
to POSCO s facility in Pohang, Korea where it was further processed into battery grade lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide. 

There can be no assurance that any agreement
will be reached with POSCAN with respect to a pilot plant, a commercial plant, any further investment by POSCAN, any purchase by
POSCAN of our production, or otherwise. 

Project Overview  

Maricunga Project  

Location   

As of June 30, 2016, we retained a 49% interest
in the Maricunga Project. The Maricunga Project consists of approximately 1,888 hectares, and is located in the northeast section
of the Salar de Maricunga, the second largest lithium-bearing salt brine deposit in Chile. It consists of Minera Li s 60%
controlling interest in SLM Litio 1-6 (1,438 hectares - highlighted in blue on the map below) and the Cocina Mining Concessions
(450 hectares - highlighted in green on the map below). 

The Salar de Maricunga is located in Region
III (Atacama region) of northern Chile at an elevation of approximately 3,750m. It is classified as a mixed type of salar of the
Na-Cl-Ca/SO4 system. It is located about 180km to the north-east of Copiapo, the capital of the Atacama region, via  Carreteradel
Inca  highway. As the properties are both undeveloped, at this stage there is no source of power or material plant and equipment
located on the properties. Local infrastructure at the Salar de Maricunga includes National Highway 31 and an electrical power
line running parallel to the highway. 

8  

Location of the Salar de Maricunga  

Maricunga Project within the Salar  

The area of each mining concession is: 

SLM Litio 1-6   

On May 20, 2011, Minera Li acquired 60% of
SLM Litio 1-6, comprising six exploitation mining concessions granted by the Chilean government, each held by one of a group of
six private companies (the  Maricunga Companies ) as follows: 

1.  Sociedades Legales Mineras Litio 1 de la Sierra Hoyada de Maricunga   

2.  Sociedades Legales Mineras Litio 2 de la Sierra Hoyada de Maricunga   

3.  Sociedades Legales Mineras Litio 3 de la Sierra Hoyada de Maricunga   

9  

4.  Sociedades Legales Mineras Litio 4 de la Sierra Hoyada de Maricunga   

5.  Sociedades Legales Mineras Litio 5 de la Sierra Hoyada de Maricunga   

6.  Sociedades Legales Mineras Litio 6 de la Sierra Hoyada de Maricunga   

The purchase price was $6,370,000 in cash,
including amounts paid to agents, and 127,500,000 restricted shares of our common stock. Each mining concession grants the owner
the right to explore and commercially develop any mineral deposits located at SLM Litio 1-6, with the exception of lithium. SLM
Litio 1-6 were constituted subsequent to the 1979 Lithium Exploitation Restrictions. Consequently, under the current Chilean state
policy, their holder is not authorized to exploit lithium in the area covered by those concessions.  In June 2014, Chile s
President and Minister of Mining signed a decree for the establishment of the National Lithium Commission, with the objective of
recommending a new state policy for the exploitation of lithium and promotion and development of new projects in Chile. In January
2015, the National Lithium Commission issued its report and, as a result, the Chilean government is to consider working alongside
private companies in the lithium sector to develop the country's lithium reserves, increase production and secure the long term
sustainability of Chile's lithium industry. 

SLM Litio 1-6 are not subject to royalties
or other agreements. However, Minera Li must pay annual licenses in March of each year, aggregating approximately $15,000
per year for exploration and exploitation concessions. 

Cocina Mining Concessions   

On April 16, 2013, Minera Li acquired the
Cocina Mining Concessions for $6.6 million. The Cocina Mining Concessions were constituted prior to the 1979 Lithium
Exploitation Restrictions. Consequently, their holder has a constitutionally protected ownership right to exploit lithium in
the area covered by those concessions. All requisite permits must be obtained prior to receipt of authorization for
exploitation. Refer to the section  Lithium Exploitation Permitting in Chile  below for more details about the
rights to exploit lithium in Chile. 

Exploration Work Performed   

In December 2011, we effected a timely completion
of the $8 million Phase One of our Exploration and Development Program, on the SLM Litio 1-6 concessions. We reported the initial
results from brine samples taken during the sonic and reverse circulation well drilling program that was initiated in October 2011.
We carried out sonic drilling for the collection of undisturbed samples from continuous core for porosity determinations and brine
samples for laboratory chemical analyses. Six sonic boreholes, for a total of 900 meters, were drilled and completed to a depth
of 150 meters each. We carried out reverse circulation well drilling with isolated brine sampling. A total of 884 meters of 6-inch
monitoring wells were drilled and a total of 300 meters of 17 inch production wells were drilled. A total of 431 samples were taken
during the drilling and were submitted to the University of Antofagasta in Antofagasta, Chile for analysis. 

In May 2012, we reported the completion of
a technical report on SLM Litio 1-6 prepared by Donald H. Hains, Principal of Hains Technology and Associates. The technical report
demonstrates that SLM Litio 1-6 has high grades of lithium and potassium and recommended the project to advance to the feasibility
study stage. The report included the following conclusions and recommendations:  

-  Results of airlift testing and pumping tests on test trenches indicate that future brine production
can be achieved through a combination of production wells and open trenches.   

-  The analyses of brine chemistry indicate that the brine is amenable to lithium and potash recovery
through conventional technology.   

-  It is believed that through the application of proprietary technology developed by Li3 s
strategic partners, lithium recovery from the brine can be significantly enhanced and may range from 45 percent to more than 70
percent.   

-  It is the recommendation of the authors that a full feasibility study be completed for the Project.   

10  

In March 2013, we received approval of the
environmental impact declaration for SLM Litio 1-6 from the Chilean Environmental Authority. 

During the year ended June 30, 2016, work was
undertaken on a preliminary work program for the Maricunga Project to expand the work performed on SLM Litio 1-6 to include additional
studies of the Cocina Mining Concessions and the whole salar. The works undertaken included preparation of a new exploration plan
and relevant approvals, preparation and permitting of a new environmental impact declaration, geophysical surveys, initiation of
baseline monitoring programs and pumping test program on existing production wells. The results of the testing are expected during
the second half of 2016. Additionally, a new exploration program is expected to commence before the end of 2016. 

On July 20, 2016, MSB entered into a binding
and exclusive agreement with Lithium Power International Limited ( LPI ), an Australian company, regarding a joint
venture to explore and develop the Maricunga Project in accordance with a term sheet dated July 14, 2016. On August 30, 2016, the
Company entered into an agreement with MSB, pursuant to which, the Company and MSB, as the current shareholders of Minera Li, unanimously
agreed to approve the transactions contemplated by the term sheet (the  Transaction ). 

As part of the Transaction, Mineral Li and
MSB will contribute their Maricunga lithium brine assets to a new joint venture (the  Maricunga JV ) and LPI will
contribute $27.5 million in cash to the Maricunga JV to cover exploration and development costs for the next 2.5 years until the
completion of a definitive feasibility study in late 2018. Following the completion of the Transaction, the Company will own a
direct 17.67% equity interest of the Maricunga JV, with LPI and MSB owning 50.0% and 32.34%, respectively. The Company will be
entitled to appoint one director of the Maricunga JV (so long as it holds at least 10% of the equity interests of the joint venture),
with LPI and MSB holding three and two director seats, respectively. 

On September 1, 2016, LPI announced that it
had satisfactorily completed the legal and technical due diligence regarding the Maricunga JV. 

Lithium Exploitation Permitting in Chile  

In Chile, the Chilean Organic Law on Mining
Concessions ( LOCM ) and the Chilean Mining Code ( CMC ) provide that lithium may not be granted in a mining
concession initiated after January 1, 1979. As a result, only mining exploitation concessions initiated before January 1, 1979
are authorized for the exploitation of lithium. For all other cases, the CMC establishes the reserve of lithium to Chile and expressly
provides that the exploration or exploitation of  non-concessible  substances (including lithium) can be performed
only directly by the State of Chile, or its companies, or by means of administrative concessions or special operation contracts,
fulfilling the requirements and conditions set forth by the President of Chile for each case. Additionally, Law 16,319, which created
the Chilean Nuclear Energy Commission (the  NEC ), provides in its Article 8 that, for reasons of national interest,
any act or contract in connection with lithium will require the previous authorization of NEC (or have NEC as a party thereto).
Once any such authorization is granted to an applicant, NEC is not authorized to amend it or terminate it, nor the applicant to
resign it, for reasons other than those set forth in the resolution granting it. 

As the constitution process of the Cocina Mining
Concessions was initiated in 1937, lithium exploitation is authorized in the area covered by the Cocina Mining Concessions. However,
as the constitution process of SLM Litio 1-6 was initiated in 2000, lithium exploitation is not authorized in the area covered
by such concessions. All other minerals on the property are concessible assuming all requisite permits are obtained.   

11  

In June 2012, the Chilean Government s
Ministry of Mining established its first ever auction for the award of lithium, production quotas and licenses (Special Lithium
Operations Contracts, or  CEOL ) which would permit the exploitation of an aggregate of 100,000 tons of lithium metal
(approximately 530,000 tons of lithium carbonate equivalent) over a 20 year period, subject to a 7% royalty. In September 2012,
we formed a consortium consisting of Li3, POSCO, Daewoo International Corp, and Mitsui   Co. (the  Consortium )
for the purpose of participating in such CEOL auction. As required under the rules established by the Ministry of Mining, the Consortium
submitted its bid for the CEOLs and in September 2012, the Company was informed that the Consortium s bid was not the winning
bid. 

The Chilean government subsequently decided
to invalidate the CEOL process due to an administrative error, as well as rescinding the CEOL Basis, which defined the regulations
of the CEOL process. The Company submitted several appeals to the Chilean government requesting it to reconsider the invalidation
and award the CEOL to the second highest bidder - the Consortium. The appeals have been rejected by the Chilean government. 

However, in June 2014, Chile s President
and Minister of Mining signed a decree for the establishment of the National Lithium Commission, with the objective of recommending
a new state policy for the exploitation of lithium and promotion and development of new projects in Chile. In January 2015, the
National Lithium Commission issued its report and, as a result, the Chilean government is to consider working alongside companies
from the private sector to develop the country's lithium reserves, increase production and secure the long-term sustainability
of Chile's lithium industry. Since then, the Chilean government has continued to announce upcoming changes to the legislation
in favor of advancing new lithium projects. This is a positive step forward in Minera Li s continued efforts of seeking a
permit to exploit lithium from SLM Litio 1-6. 

While Minera Li s current plan for the
Maricunga Project is to exploit lithium and potash from both SLM Litio 1-6 and the Cocina Mining Concessions, if no permit for
lithium exploitation is obtained for SLM Litio 1-6, Minera Li plans to produce lithium carbonate and potash from the Cocina Mining
Concessions in conjunction with producing potash only from SLM Litio 1-6. The technical report shows that potassium resources are
available in these properties. The majority of the past and current technical work performed on the project is applicable to the
production of lithium and/or potassium. Potassium exploitation does not require special permits and it is exploitable via regular
mining concessions, according to the CMC. Initial estimations suggest that a potash project may be economically feasible. However,
there can be no assurance that Minera Li will be able to obtain the permits necessary to exploit any minerals that it discovers
in a timely manner, or at all. 

Other Permits  

Our operations, and that of Minera Li, are
subject to numerous Chilean and international laws and regulations governing the operation and maintenance of our facilities and
the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise relating to environmental protection. These laws and regulations may: 

Require that we acquire the relevant permits
before commencing extraction operations;    

Restrict the substances that can be released
into the environment in connection with mining and extraction activities;    

Limit or prohibit mining activities on
protected areas such as wetland or wilderness areas; and    

Require remedial measures to mitigate
pollution from former operations, such as dismantling abandoned production facilities.    

Companies must meet, maintain and abide by
strict environmental regulations in accordance with Chilean and international laws and regulations. We will also have to abide
and comply with national labor laws that protect and govern our employees. We believe that between our management team, our consultants
and the experts we have hired, we will be able to satisfy any and all regulatory and compliance requirements. We are unable to
assess the cost of complying with all of the regularity requirements at this stage, however, non-compliance may result in us or
Minera Li being unable to continue exploration, construction or operation of a mine. 

12  

Competition  

We are a junior mineral resource exploration
company that competes with other mineral resource exploration companies for financing, personnel and equipment and for the acquisition
of mineral properties. Many of the mineral resource exploration companies with whom we compete have greater financial and technical
resources than those available to us. Accordingly, these competitors may be able to spend greater amounts on acquisitions of mineral
properties of merit, on exploration of their mineral properties and on development of their mineral properties and on exploration
and development. This competition could result in competitors having mineral properties of greater quality and interest to prospective
investors who may finance additional exploration and/or development. This competition could adversely impact on our ability to
finance further exploration and to achieve the financing necessary for us to develop our mineral properties.   Our competition
includes companies such as Pure Energy Minerals and Lithium Americas. 

Compliance with Government Regulation  

We are committed to complying with and are,
to our knowledge, in compliance with, all governmental and environmental regulations applicable to our company and our properties.
Permits from a variety of regulatory authorities are required for many aspects of mine operation and reclamation. We cannot predict
the extent to which these requirements will affect our company or our properties if we identify the existence of minerals in commercially
exploitable quantities. In addition, future legislation and regulation could cause additional expense, capital expenditure, restrictions
and delays in the exploration of our properties. 

Employees  

At June 30, 2016, we had two full-time employees, consisting of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, and one contract employee. In addition, we have engaged several advisors and consultants. 

We engage contractors from time to time to
consult with us on specific corporate affairs or to perform specific tasks in connection with our exploration programs. 

Subsidiaries  

We currently have three wholly owned subsidiaries: 

1.  Li3 Energy Peru SRL, a private limited company organized under the laws of Peru;   

2.  Alfredo Holdings, Ltd., an exempted limited company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands;   

3.  Li3 Energy Copiap , SA, a Chilean corporation which is a subsidiary of Alfredo Holdings,
Ltd.; and   

On October 22, 2014, the Company sold 60% of
its shares in Noto Energy SA ( Noto , an Argentinean corporation and a previously 100% owned subsidiary) to its CEO
for proceeds of $4,245. 

We currently retain 49% ownership of
Minera Li (previously a 100% owned subsidiary). Minera Li holds 60% ownership of SLM Litio 1-6, a group of six private companies.  

Intellectual Property  

We do not own, either legally or beneficially,
any patent or trademark nor any material intellectual license, and are not dependent on any such rights. We have trademarked Li3
Energy, its logo and registered the domain name www.li3energy.com. We consider many of our lithium mining site evaluation, exploration
and development techniques to be proprietary, and periodically evaluate whether to seek protection for any such techniques. 

13  

Lithium and Lithium Mining  

Lithium is the lightest metal in the periodic
table of elements. It is a soft, silver white metal and belongs to the alkali group of elements, which includes sodium, potassium,
rubidium, cesium and francium. The chemical symbol for lithium is  Li,  and its atomic number is 3. Like the other
alkali metals, lithium has a single valence electron that is easily given up to form a cation (positively charged ion). Because
of this, it is a good conductor of both heat and electricity and highly reactive, though it is the least reactive of the alkali
metals. Lithium possesses a low coefficient of thermal expansion (which describes how the size of an object changes with a
change in temperature) and the highest specific heat capacity (a measure of the heat, or thermal energy, required to increase the
temperature of a given quantity of a substance by one unit of temperature) of any solid element. 

These properties make lithium an excellent
material for manufacturing batteries (lithium-ion batteries). According to the U.S. Geological Survey s ( USGS )
Mineral Commodity Summaries 2016, issued in January 2016, global end-use markets were estimated as follows: batteries, 35%;
ceramics and glass, 32%; lubricating greases, 9%; continuous casting mold flux powders, 5%; air treatment, 5%; polymer production,
4%; primary aluminum production, 1%; and other uses, 9%. Lithium consumption for batteries has increased significantly in
recent years because rechargeable lithium batteries are used extensively in the growing market for portable electronic devices,
and increasingly are used in electric tools, electric vehicles, and grid storage applications. Lithium is extracted from solutions
called brines, which are associated with evaporate deposits, as well as from spodumene (a lithium aluminum silicate), which occurs
in a rock called pegmatite. 

Historically, especially during the period
leading up to and during World War II, lithium was designated a strategic metal, heavily used in the aircraft industry because
it is light and strong. During this period, the mineral spodumene (a lithium aluminum silicate) was mined by open pit hard rock
mining methods and processed to recover the lithium. During the post-war period, lithium production from the higher cost hard
rock mines was replaced by the lower cost extraction of lithium from the mineral rich brines associated with evaporite deposits.
Evaporite deposits occur in environments characterized by arid conditions with extremely high evaporation rates. This environment
typically occurs at high altitudes, greater than 3,000 meters above sea level, so evaporite deposits occur in only a very few locations
in the world, including China (the province of Qinghai and the Autonomous Region of Tibet); the Puna Plateau, a high altitude plateau
covering part of Argentina, Chile, Bolivia and the southern portion of Peru; and in a small region in Nevada, which is the core
of what is called the Great Basin of the western United States. 

Brine extraction (mining) and the recovery
of lithium and other economic compounds is analogous to pumping water from an aquifer, but instead of fresh water, the water contains
a variety of mineral salts in solution, including lithium, potassium (K), magnesium (Mg) and sodium (Na). This form of  mining 
is much more efficient, cost effective and environmentally friendly than open pit mining. However, the processing cost of brine
extraction can vary by a wide range, depending largely on: 

lithium concentration in the particular
brine;    

evaporation rates at the site, which determine
how quickly the brine can be concentrated; and    

the balance of other minerals in the brine,
which affects the degree of processing needed to remove impurities.    

Ideal Brine Conditions  

The most important metrics when evaluating
lithium brine resources are: 

1)  lithium content;   

2)  evaporation rate;   

3)  magnesium to lithium ratio;   

4)  potassium content; and   

5)  sulphate to lithium ratio.   

The lithium concentration in the brines is
typically measured in parts per million (ppm) or weight percentages. A high lithium concentration is most desirable. However,
high local evaporation rates can compensate for lower lithium concentrations. 

Providing that lithium contents are high enough,
the magnesium to lithium (Mg:Li) ratio is another important chemical feature in assessing favorable brine chemistry and the ultimate
economic viability of a site at an early stage. The lower the ratio the better, as a high ratio means that, during the evaporation
process, an increasing amount of lithium will be trapped ( entrained ) in the magnesium salts when they crystallize
early. This will ultimately lead to a lower lithium recovery rate and thus less profitability. High Mg:Li ratios also
generally mean that more soda ash (Na 2 CO 3) reagent is required during the processing of the brine and, therefore, may add significantly
to costs.  

14  

The potassium (K) concentration in the brines
is typically measured as a weight percentage. 

The lower the sulphate (SO4) to lithium ratio
in the final lithium brine pond, the more the brine will be amenable to lithium extraction via the conventional solar evaporation
process. This is because lithium sulphate (Li 2 SO 4) is highly soluble and so, to the extent that it is able to form, the
lithium recovery will suffer. 

Brine Exploration Phases  

The life cycle of a brine mining operation can be divided into five
phases: 

Mining activity begins with the  exploration
phase,  in which one seeks to define the type, extent, location and value of deposits and to estimate the grade and size
of the deposits;    

The  feasibility phase  then
ensues to address the financial viability of the project (including any permitting requirements) and to determine whether or not
to proceed to development - the end of the feasibility stage is marked by the conclusion of a feasibility study;    

If the decision is made to move forward
after the feasibility stage, then the  development phase  follows, in which the infrastructure needed to begin operations
is constructed;    

Upon completion of such infrastructure,
a project enters the  production phase,  during which the applicable minerals are extracted, produced and sold;    

Once all economically extractable minerals
have been produced, a mine is closed and it enters the  reclamation phase,  in which the area is made suitable for
future uses.    

The Maricunga Project is currently in the exploration phase, seeking
to define the type, extent, location and value of deposits. 

Key Stages of Lithium Recovery  

Currently the most economical way to recover
lithium from a salar (a dry lake or salt flat) is by solar evaporation. However, the process is subject to natural conditions,
and the evaporation rate, relative humidity, wind velocity, temperature and brine composition have a tremendous influence on the
solar pond requirements and in turn on pumping and settling rates to meet production quotas. 

Each lithium recovery process has a unique
design based on the concentrations of Li, Na, K, Mg, calcium (Ca) and SO4 in the brine, and, although there may be some similarities,
each salar has its own customized methodology for optimum recovery due to the varying ionic concentrations. Wells are drilled,
and the mineral rich brine is pumped to the surface into a series of large shallow ponds of increasing concentration. As water
evaporates, the concentration of minerals in solution increases. Typically, the brine evaporates over an 18-24 month period
until it has a sufficient concentration of lithium salts. At that point, the concentrate is shipped by truck or pipelined
to processing plants where it is converted to usable salt products. In the plant, sodium carbonate (soda ash) is added to
precipitate lithium carbonate, which is dried and shipped to end users to be further processed into pure lithium metal. The
by-products such as potassium chloride (potash), sodium borate (borax) and other salts may also be recovered and sold to end users. 

The primary reagents used to produce lithium
from brine are lime and soda ash. Both substances are natural materials, commonly used in many processes and have no detrimental
environmental effect when used properly. Other than solar energy, only minor amounts of fuels are consumed in the production process
(pumping the brines into the ponds, etc.). 

15  

Global Market  

The USGS s Mineral Commodity Summaries 2016, states that worldwide lithium production increased slightly
in 2015 in response to increased lithium demand for battery applications. According to the report, production from Argentina increased
by approximately 17% and production in Australia and Chile increased slightly. Major lithium producers expected worldwide consumption
of lithium in 2015 to be approximately 32,500 tons, an increase of 5% from that of 2014. Due to increased worldwide demand, spot
lithium carbonate prices increased by approximately 10 to 15% compared to 2014. 

Subsurface brines have become the leading raw
material for lithium carbonate production worldwide because of lower production costs compared with the mining and processing costs
for hard-rock ores. Owing to growing lithium demand from China in the past several years, however, mineral-sourced lithium regained
market share and was estimated to account for one-half of the world s lithium supply in 2015. Two brine operations in Chile
and a spodumene operation in Australia accounted for the majority of world production. Argentina produced lithium carbonate and
lithium chloride from brines. China produced lithium carbonate, lithium chloride, and lithium hydroxide mainly from imported spodumene,
but also from domestic brines and minerals. A new brine operation in Argentina began commercial production in 2015. 

Lithium supply security has become a top priority
for technology companies in the United States and Asia. Strategic alliances and joint ventures between technology companies and
exploration companies have been, and are continuing to be, established to ensure a reliable, diversified supply of lithium for
battery suppliers and vehicle manufacturers. Brine operations were under development in Argentina, Bolivia, Chile, and the United
States; spodumene mining operations were under development in Australia, Canada, China, and Finland; a jadarite mining operation
was under development in Serbia; and a lithium clay-mining operation was under development in Mexico. Additional exploration for
lithium continued, with numerous claims having been leased or staked worldwide. 

Rechargeable batteries were the largest potential
growth area for lithium compounds. Demand for rechargeable lithium batteries exceeds that of other rechargeable batteries. Automobile
companies were developing lithium batteries for electric and hybrid electric vehicles. A leading electric car manufacturer was
constructing a lithium-ion battery plant in Nevada capable of producing up to 500,000 lithium-ion vehicle batteries per year. The
plant was expected to be vertically integrated, capable of producing finished battery packs directly from raw materials by 2020. 

The USGS s Mineral Commodity Summaries
2016 gives the following estimated world lithium mine production (in metric tons of lithium content): 

(1)   Excludes U.S. production.   

Substitution for lithium compounds is possible
in batteries, ceramics, greases, and manufactured glass. Examples are calcium, magnesium, mercury, and zinc as anode material in
primary batteries; calcium and aluminum soaps as substitutes for stearates in greases; and sodic and potassic fluxes in ceramics
and glass manufacture. Substitutes for aluminum-lithium alloys in structural materials are composite materials consisting of boron,
glass, or polymer fibers in resins.  

16  

Demand for Lithium  

According to the August 2016 signumBOX Performance
Index, lithium demand is expected to increase at a base rate of 7% over the next 19 years. The increase in the growth rate is due
primarily to an increase in demand from the battery industry. 

Additional Information  

The Company files annual, quarterly and current
reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The public may inspect or copy these materials at the Public Reference
Room at the SEC at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, and can obtain information of the operation of the Public Reference
Room by calling the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330. Our public filings are also available from the SEC s website at  www.sec.gov . 

17  

ITEM
                          1A.      RISK
FACTORS   

THIS ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K CONTAINS
CERTAIN FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. YOU ARE CAUTIONED THAT SUCH STATEMENTS ARE ONLY PREDICTIONS AND ARE SUBJECT TO VARIOUS RISKS
AND UNCERTAINTIES, MANY OF WHICH WE CANNOT CONTROL OR PREDICT.  ACTUAL EVENTS OR RESULTS MAY DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THOSE
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED BY FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS.  IN EVALUATING SUCH STATEMENTS, YOU SHOULD SPECIFICALLY CONSIDER,
AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE VARIOUS FACTORS IDENTIFIED IN THIS ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K, INCLUDING THE MATTERS SET FORTH BELOW.  IF
ANY OF THE FOLLOWING RISKS ACTUALLY OCCURS, THEN OUR BUSINESS, PROSPECTS, FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS COULD BE
MATERIALLY ADVERSELY AFFECTED.  

RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION  

We are in the exploration stage and our
planned principal operations have not commenced. Currently we have no revenues. Our business plan depends on our ability to explore
for and develop mineral reserves and place any such reserves into extraction. Because we have a limited operating history, it is
difficult to predict our future performance.   

Although we were formed in June 2005, we continue
to be in the exploration stage. Therefore, we have limited operating and financial history available to help potential investors
evaluate our past performance and the risks of investing in us. Moreover, our limited historical financial results may not accurately
predict our future performance. Companies in their initial stages of development present substantial business and financial risks
and may suffer significant losses. As a result of the risks specific to our new business and those associated with new companies
in general, it is possible that we may not be successful in implementing our business strategy. 

We have generated no revenues to date and do
not anticipate generating any revenues in the near term. Our activities to date have been limited to capital formation, organization,
acquisition of interests in mining properties and limited exploration on the Maricunga Project, of which we currently hold a minority
interest. We have yet to generate positive earnings and there can be no assurance that we will ever operate profitably. Our success
is significantly dependent on a successful exploration, mining and production program. Our operations will be subject to all the
risks inherent in the establishment of a developing enterprise and the uncertainties arising from the absence of a significant
operating history. We may be unable to locate exploitable quantities of mineral resources or operate on a profitable basis. We
are in the exploration stage and potential investors should be aware of the difficulties normally encountered by enterprises in
the exploration stage. If our business plan is not successful, and we are not able to operate profitably, investors may lose some
or all of their investment in our Company. 

There is doubt about our ability to continue
as a going concern.   

The consolidated financial statements contained
herein have been prepared assuming we will continue as a going concern. At June 30, 2016, we had no source of current revenue,
had a cash balance of $382,054 and negative working capital of $889,214. The Company s current negative working capital
position is not sufficient to maintain its basic operations for at least the next 12 months. 

We have sustained and continue to sustain losses
as a result of our operations and cannot predict if and when we may generate profits.  In the event we identify commercial
reserves of lithium or other minerals, it will require substantial additional capital to develop those reserves. We expect to finance
our operations primarily through future equity or debt financing. However, as discussed in the notes to our consolidated financial
statements included elsewhere in this Report, there exists substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern because
there is no assurance that we will be able to obtain such capital, through equity or debt financing, or any combination thereof,
on satisfactory terms or at all. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. 

18  

Mineral operations are subject to applicable
law and government regulation, which could restrict or prohibit the exploitation of that mineral resource.   

Both mineral exploration and extraction in
Chile require obtaining mining concessions as well as permits from various foreign, federal, state, provincial and local governmental
authorities, as the case may be, and are governed by laws and regulations, including those with respect to prospecting, mine development,
mineral production, transport, export, taxation, labor standards, occupational health, waste disposal, toxic substances, land use,
environmental protection, mine safety and other matters. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain or maintain any
of the mining rights and permits required for the continued exploration of mineral properties or for the construction and operation
of a mine on its properties (especially but not limited to extracting lithium) nor that it will be able to obtain or maintain any
of such rights and permits at economically viable costs. 

In Chile, the Chilean Organic Law on Mining
Concessions ( LOCM ) and the Chilean Mining Code ( CMC ) provide that lithium may not be granted in a mining
concession initiated after January 1, 1979. As a result, only mining exploitation concessions initiated before January 1, 1979
are authorized for the exploitation of lithium. For all other cases, the CMC establishes the reserve of lithium to Chile and expressly
provides that the exploration or exploitation of  non-concessible  substances (including lithium) can be performed
only directly by the State of Chile, or its companies, or by means of administrative concessions or special operation contracts,
fulfilling the requirements and conditions set forth by the President of Chile for each case. Additionally, Law 16,319, which created
the Chilean Nuclear Energy Commission (the  NEC ), provides in its article 8 that, for reasons of national interest,
any act or contract in connection with lithium will require the previous authorization of NEC (or have NEC as a party thereto).
Once any such authorization is granted to an applicant, NEC is not authorized to amend it or terminate it, nor the applicant to
resign it, for reasons other than those set forth in the resolution granting it. The Chilean government is currently reviewing
this law to allow private companies to exploit lithium. 

As the constitution process of the Cocina Mining
Concessions was initiated in 1937, Minera Li, as the owner of the Cocina Mining Concessions, is authorized to exploit lithium in
the area covered by the Cocina Mining Concessions. However, as the constitution process of SLM Litio 1-6 was initiated in 2000,
the Maricunga Companies are not authorized to exploit lithium in the area covered by such concessions, unless they also obtain
a CEOL authorizing such exploitation. At the date of this report there is no assurance that the Chilean Government will begin another
CEOL process. 

Our option on the Alfredo Property has
expired, and we may have a continuing obligation in the event we develop future iodine nitrate properties in Chile.   

On August 3, 2010, we signed an agreement to
acquire Alfredo Holdings, Ltd. which held an option to acquire six mining concessions in Pozo Almonte, Chile. We allowed the option
to expire because we determined that the project was not economically viable. Pursuant to an amendment to our agreement with the
Alfredo Sellers, if and when certain milestones are achieved with respect to any future Li3 Energy iodine nitrate project in Chile,
we must make additional payments to the Alfredo Sellers in an aggregate amount of up to $5.5 million. There can be no assurance
that financing sufficient to make such payments will be available to us when needed. We are not currently planning to explore,
exploit or develop any iodine nitrate project in Chile. 

All of the properties in which we retain
an ownership interest are in the exploration stage. Investment in exploration projects increases the risks inherent in our mining
activities. There is no assurance that the existence of any mineral resource can be established on any of the properties in commercially
exploitable quantities, and mining operations may not be successful.   

We have not established that any of the mineral
properties in which we retain an ownership interest contain any meaningful levels of mineral reserves. There can be no assurance
that future exploration and mining activities will be successful. 

A mineral reserve is defined by the SEC in
its Industry Guide 7 (which can be viewed at http://www.sec.gov/divisions/corpfin/forms/industry.html.secguide7) as that part of
a mineral deposit which could be economically and legally extracted or produced at the time of the reserve determination. There
can be no assurance that we will ever establish any mineral reserves. 

19  

Even if a meaningful mineral reserve is eventually
discovered on one or more of the properties, there can be no assurance that the properties will be able to be developed into producing
mines and that resources will be able to be extracted from those properties. Both mineral exploration and development involve a
high degree of risk and few properties which are explored are ultimately developed into producing mines. Furthermore, we cannot
be sure that an overall exploration success rate or extraction operations within a particular area will ever come to fruition and,
in any event, production rates inevitably decline over time. The commercial viability of an established mineral deposit will depend
on a number of factors including, by way of example, the size, grade and other attributes of the mineral deposit, the proximity
of the resource to infrastructure such as a smelter, roads and a point for shipping, government regulation and market prices. Most
of these factors will be beyond our control, and any of them could increase costs and make extraction of any identified mineral
resource unprofitable. 

We have limited financial resources and
may not be able to fund our anticipated exploration activities. If we are unable to fund our exploration activities, our potential
profitability will be adversely affected.   

Our anticipated exploration activities will
require financial resources substantially in excess of our current working capital. If we are not able to finance our exploration
activities, then we will be unable to identify commercially exploitable resources even if present on our properties. If we fail
to adequately support our exploration activities, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and the
market price of our shares. There can be no assurance that capital will be available to us when needed, on favorable terms or at
all. 

If the existence of a mineral resource
is established in a commercially exploitable quantity on any of the properties in which we retain an ownership interest, we will
require additional capital in order to finance the development of the property into a producing mine. If we are unable to obtain
additional funding, our business operations will be harmed and if we do obtain additional financing, existing shareholders may
suffer substantial dilution.   

If mineral resources are discovered in commercially
exploitable quantities on any of the properties in which we retain an ownership interest, we will be required to expend substantial
sums of money to establish the extent of the resource, develop processes to extract it and develop extraction and processing facilities
and infrastructure. Although we may derive substantial benefits from the discovery of a major deposit, there can be no assurance
that such a resource will be large enough to justify commercial operations, nor can there be any assurance that we will be able
to raise the funds required for development on a timely basis. 

Pursuant to the Shareholders Agreement, MSB
has agreed to provide funding for our share of the development of the Maricunga Project until construction permits are in place.
To continue developing the property from that stage into a producing mine, we will need to fund our 49% share of the development
costs or risk dilution of our 49% ownership interest. We currently do not have any contracts or firm commitments for additional
financing. There can be no assurance that additional financing will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at
all. An inability to obtain additional capital would restrict our ability to grow and could diminish our ability to continue to
conduct our business operations. If we are unable to obtain additional financing, we will likely be required to curtail exploration
and development plans and possibly cease operations. Any additional equity financing may involve substantial dilution to then existing
shareholders. 

Newer battery and/or fuel cell technologies
could decrease demand for lithium over time, which could significantly impact our prospects and future revenues.   

Many materials and technologies are being researched
and developed with the goal of making batteries lighter, more efficient, faster charging and less expensive. Some of these technologies
could be successful and could impact demand for lithium batteries in personal electronics, electric and hybrid vehicles and other
applications. Advances in nanotechnology, in particular, offer the prospect of significantly better batteries in the future. For
example, researchers at Stanford University have recently demonstrated ultra-lightweight, bendable batteries and super capacitors
made from paper coated with ink made of carbon nanotubes and silver nanowires; the material charges and discharges very quickly,
making it potentially useful in hybrid and electric vehicles, which need rapid power for acceleration and would benefit from quicker
charging than is available with current technologies. We cannot predict which new technologies may ultimately prove to be commercializable
and on what time horizon. While lithium battery technology is currently among the best available for electronics, vehicles and
other applications, commercialized battery technologies that offer superior weight, capacity, charging time and/or cost could significantly
adversely affect the demand for lithium in the future and thus could significantly adversely impact our prospects and future revenues. 

20  

Mineral exploration and development is subject to extraordinary
operating risks. We do not currently insure against these risks. In the event of a cave-in or similar occurrence, our liability
may exceed our resources, which could have an adverse impact on us.   

Mineral exploration, development and production
involve many risks which even a combination of experience, knowledge and careful evaluation may not be able to overcome. Our operations
will be subject to all the hazards and risks inherent in the exploration for mineral resources and, if we discover a mineral resource
in commercially exploitable quantity, our operations could be subject to all of the hazards and risks inherent in the development
and production of resources, including liability for pollution, cave-ins or similar hazards against which we cannot insure or against
which we may elect not to insure. Any such event could result in work stoppages and damage to property, including damage to the
environment. We do not currently maintain any insurance coverage against these operating hazards. The payment of any liabilities
that arise from any such occurrence would have a material adverse impact on us. 

Lithium and potash prices are subject
to unpredictable fluctuations, making it difficult to predict the economic viability of the exploration properties and projects
that we retain an ownership interest in.   

We may derive revenues, if any, from income
or loss from our equity investment in Minera Li or from the sale of our equity interest in Minera Li. Minera Li will derive its
revenues, if any, either from the extraction and sale of lithium and potash, as well as other potentially economic salts produced
from the lithium salar brines, or from the sale of its mineral resource properties. The price of these commodities may fluctuate
widely, and is affected by numerous factors beyond our control, including international, economic and political trends, expectations
of inflation, currency exchange fluctuations, interest rates, global or regional consumptive patterns, speculative activities,
increased production due to new extraction developments and improved extraction and production methods and technological changes
in the markets for the end products. The effect of these factors on the price of these minerals, and therefore the economic viability
of any of Minera Li s exploration properties and projects, cannot accurately be predicted. 

The mining industry is highly competitive,
and we face competition from many established global companies. We may not be able to compete effectively with these companies
which may adversely affect our prospects.   

The markets in which we operate are highly
competitive. The mineral exploration, development, and production industry is largely un-integrated. We compete against
numerous well-established national and foreign companies in every aspect of the mineral mining industry. Some of our competitors
have longer operating histories and greater technical facilities, and significantly greater recognition in the market and financial
and other resources, than we. We may not compete effectively with other exploration companies in locating and acquiring mineral
resource properties, and customers may not buy any or all of the mineral products that we expect to produce. 

Because we are small and have limited
capital, we may have to limit our exploration and developmental mining activity which may adversely affect our prospects.   

Because we are a small exploration stage company
and have limited capital, we may have to limit our exploration and production activity. As such, we may not be able to complete
an exploration program that is as thorough as we would like. In that event, existing reserves may go undiscovered. Without
finding reserves, our ability to generate revenues and our business prospects will be adversely affected. 

21  

Compliance with environmental and other
government regulations could be costly and could negatively impact production and adversely affect our operating results.   

Our operations are subject to numerous federal,
state and local laws and regulations governing the operation and maintenance of our facilities and the discharge of materials into
the environment or otherwise relating to environmental protection. These laws and regulations may: 

require that we acquire permits before
commencing extraction operations;    

restrict the substances that can be released
into the environment in connection with mining and extraction activities;    

limit or prohibit mining activities on
protected areas such as wetland or wilderness areas; and    

require remedial measures to mitigate
pollution from former operations, such as dismantling abandoned production facilities.    

Under these laws and regulations, we could
be liable for personal injury and clean-up costs and other environmental and property damages, as well as administrative, civil
and criminal penalties. We do not believe that insurance coverage for environmental damages that occur over time is available
at a reasonable cost, and we do not maintain any such insurance. Also, we do not believe that insurance coverage for the full
potential liability that could be caused by sudden and accidental environmental damages is available at a reasonable cost. Accordingly,
we may be subject to liability or we may be required to cease production (subsequent to any commencement) from properties in the
event of environmental damages. 

The Maricunga Project requires, as a condition
precedent for commencing any extracting activity, the approval by the Chilean environmental authorities of its environmental impact
study. The process to obtain the approval of an environmental impact study includes, among other things, requiring the opinion
of all relevant authorities with environmental powers. Once the environmental impact study is approved, no sectional environmental
permit can be denied. 

The developer of the Maricunga Project also
needs to obtain all non-environmental permits necessary to carry out exploration and exploitation mining activities in the area.
The environmental impact assessment system regulated in law 19 300 considers the inclusion of the mitigation measures to protect
the habitat of vulnerable animals in the area which should be included by us in the environmental impact study or statement, as
applicable. 

We may be unable to amend the mining claims that we are seeking
to acquire to cover the primary minerals that we plan to develop.   

Our business plan includes acquisition, exploration
and development of lithium and potassium brine properties. However, we may pursue this goal by acquiring salt-mining claims
and/or options or other interests in salt-mining claims or other types of claims, which we intend to seek to have amended to cover
lithium extraction. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in amending any such claims timely, economically
or at all.  See Risk Factors -  Mineral operations are subject to applicable law and government regulation 
above. 

We may not be able to acquire additional
mineral properties.   

At June 30, 3016, our most significant asset
is our 49% ownership interest in Minera Li, which owns the Maricunga Project. If we lose, abandon or otherwise dispose of our interest
in Minera Li, there is no assurance that we will be able to acquire any other mineral properties of merit. 

Title to properties in which we retain
an ownership interest may be challenged, impugned or revoked or be subject to undetected defects, which may result in the loss
of all or a portion of our rights or interests.   

Although we have exercised customary due diligence
with respect to determining title to our properties, there can be no assurance that our rights or interests in and to our properties
will not be challenged, impugned or revoked. Our properties may be subject to prior unregistered agreements or transfers or indigenous
land claims and title may be affected by undetected defects. If title defect exists, it is possible that we may lose all or a portion
of our interest in our properties. Until competing rights or interest to our properties have been determined, there is no assurance
as to the validity of our rights or interest to our properties. In addition, we may be unable to operate our properties as permitted
or to enforce our rights with respect to our properties, and the title to our mineral properties may also be impacted by state
action. 

22  

We may have difficulty managing growth
in our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and
our ability to timely execute our business plan.   

Because of the relatively small size of our
business, growth in accordance with our long-term business plans, if achieved, will place a significant strain on our financial,
technical, operational and management resources. As we increase our activities and the number of projects we are evaluating
or in which we participate, there will be additional demands on our financial, technical, operational and management resources. 
The failure to continue to upgrade our technical, administrative, operating and financial control systems or the occurrence of
unexpected expansion difficulties, including the recruitment and retention of required personnel could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to timely execute our business plan. 

If we are unable to keep our key management
personnel, then we are likely to face significant delays at a critical time in our corporate development and our business is likely
to be damaged which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financing condition and operations.   

Our success depends upon the skills, experience
and efforts of our management and other key personnel, including our Chief Executive Officer. As a relatively new company,
much of our corporate, scientific and technical knowledge is concentrated in the hands of a few individuals. We do not have
employment agreements with any of our employees other than our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Furthermore,
the employment agreements with our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer both terminate as of September 30, 2016,
unless extended by the Chairman of the Board. We do not maintain key-man life insurance on any of our management or other key personnel. The
loss of the services of one or more of our present management or other key personnel could significantly delay our exploration
and development activities as there could be a learning curve of several months or more for any replacement personnel. Furthermore,
competition for the type of highly skilled individuals we require is intense and we may not be able to attract and retain new employees
of the caliber needed to achieve our objectives. Failure to replace key personnel could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and operations. 

MSB, who holds the controlling interest
in Minera Li, may decide that they do not wish to continue with the development of Minera Li s assets.   

If MSB decides that they do not wish to continue
with the development of Minera Li s assets, we may be unable to execute our business plan for developing the Maricunga Project
which could significantly adversely impact our prospects and future revenues. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK  

There is currently a limited public market
for our common stock, and there may not ever be an active market for our common stock.   

There currently is a limited public market for our common stock. Further, although our common stock is
currently quoted on the OTCQB, trading of our common stock may be extremely sporadic. For example, several days may pass before any shares may be traded. As
a result, an investor may find it difficult to dispose of, or to obtain accurate quotations of the price of, our common stock. Accordingly,
investors must assume they may have to bear the economic risk of an investment in our common stock for an indefinite period of
time. There can be no assurance that a more active market for our common stock will develop, or if one should develop, there
is no assurance that it will be sustained. This severely limits the liquidity of our common stock, and would likely have a
material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock and on our ability to raise additional capital. 

23  

We cannot assure you that our common
stock will become liquid or that it will be listed on a securities exchange.   

Until our common stock is listed on a national securities exchange such as the New York Stock Exchange or
the Nasdaq Capital Market, we expect our common stock to remain quoted on the OTCQB, or on another over-the-counter quotation system. The
OTCQB provides significantly less liquidity than the New York Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq Capital Market. No assurances can be
given that we will ever obtain a listing for our securities on a senior exchange. The trading price of our common stock is therefore
expected to be subject to significant fluctuations in response to variations in quarterly operating results, changes in analysts 
earnings estimates, announcements of innovations by us or our competitors, general conditions in the industry in which we operate
and other factors. Investors may find it difficult to obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of our common stock. The
eligibility standards of the OTCQB have recently changed and include, amongst other things, a minimum bid price test of $0.01 and
the payment of an annual fee. If we fail to meet the OTCQB standards, we will be downgraded to OTC Pink. In addition, if we fail
to meet the criteria set forth in SEC regulations, various requirements would be imposed by law on broker-dealers who sell our
securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. Consequently, such regulations may deter
broker-dealers from recommending or selling our common stock, which may further affect the liquidity of our common stock. This
would also make it more difficult for us to raise capital. 

Our common stock is subject to the  penny
stock  rules of the SEC and FINRA s sales practice requirements, and the trading market in our common stock is limited,
which makes transactions in our common stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of an investment in the stock.   

Broker-dealer practices in connection with
the  penny stock  are regulated by certain penny stock rules adopted by the SEC. which defines  penny stock, 
as any equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share (other than securities registered on certain national
securities exchanges and on Nasdaq). For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require: 

that a broker or dealer approve a person s account for transactions
in penny stocks; and    

the broker or dealer receives from the investor a written agreement
to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased.    

In order to approve a person s account for transactions in
penny stocks, the broker or dealer must: 

obtain financial information and investment
experience objectives of the person; and    

make a reasonable determination, in writing,
that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial
matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks.    

The broker or dealer must also deliver, prior
to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating to the penny stock market, which, in
highlight form sets forth: 

the basis on which the broker or dealer
made the suitability determination; and    

that the broker or dealer received a signed,
written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction.    

Generally, brokers may be less willing to execute
transactions in securities subject to the  penny stock  rules. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of
reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for the stock that becomes subject to penny stock rules. This may
make it more difficult for investors to dispose of common stock and cause a decline in the market value of stock. 

Disclosure also has to be made about the risks
of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer
and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies available to an investor in
cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent price information,
including bid and offer quotations, for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. 

24  

In addition to the  penny stock 
rules promulgated by the SEC, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ( FINRA ) has adopted rules that require
that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment
is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low priced securities to their non-institutional customers,
broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer's financial status, tax status, investment
objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that
speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. FINRA s requirements make it more
difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell
our stock. 

The price of our common stock may become
volatile, which could lead to losses by investors and costly securities litigation.   

The trading price of our common stock is likely
to be highly volatile and could fluctuate in response to factors such as: 

actual or anticipated variations in our
operating results;    

announcements of developments by us, our
strategic partners or our competitors;    

announcements by us or our competitors
of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments;    

adoption of new accounting standards affecting
our industry;    

additions or departures of key personnel;    

sales of our common stock or other securities
in the open market; and    

other events or factors, many of which
are beyond our control.    

The stock market is subject to significant
price and volume fluctuations. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities,
securities class action litigation has often been initiated against such company. Litigation initiated against us, whether
or not successful, could result in substantial costs and diversion of our management s attention and resources, which could
harm our business and financial condition. 

Compliance with U.S. securities laws, including the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, will be costly and time-consuming.   

We are a reporting company under U.S. securities
laws and are obliged to comply with the provisions of applicable U.S. laws and regulations, including the Securities Act of 1933
(the  Securities Act ), the Exchange Act, and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the related rules of the SEC, and
the rules and regulations of the relevant U.S. market, in each case, as amended from time to time. Preparing and filing annual
and quarterly reports and other information with the SEC, furnishing audited reports to stockholders and other compliance with
these rules and regulations will involve a material increase in regulatory, legal and accounting expenses and the attention of
management, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the applicable regulations in a timely manner, if
at all. 

We do not anticipate dividends to be
paid on our common stock, and investors may lose the entire amount of their investment.   

Cash dividends have never been declared or
paid on our common stock, and we do not anticipate such a declaration or payment for the foreseeable future. We expect to
use future earnings, if any, to fund business growth. Therefore, stockholders will not receive any funds absent a sale of
their shares. We cannot assure stockholders of a positive return on their investment when they sell their shares, nor can
we assure that stockholders will not lose the entire amount of their investment. 

25  

If securities analysts do not initiate
coverage or continue to cover our common stock or publish unfavorable research or reports about our business, this may have a negative
impact on the market price of our common stock.   

The trading market for our common stock may
be affected by, among other things, the research and reports that securities analysts publish about our business and the Company. We
do not have any control over these analysts. There is no guarantee that securities analysts will cover our common stock. If
securities analysts do not cover our common stock, the lack of research coverage may adversely affect its market price. If
we are covered by securities analysts, and our stock is the subject of an unfavorable report, our stock price and trading volume
would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases to cover us or fails to publish regular reports on us, then we could
lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 

State Blue Sky registration - potential limitations on resale
of the shares.   

The holders of the shares of our common stock
and persons who desire to purchase the shares in any trading market that might develop in the future, should be aware that there
may be significant state law restrictions upon the ability of investors to resell the securities. Accordingly, investors should
consider the secondary market for our securities to be a limited one. It is the intention of our management to seek coverage and
publication of information regarding us in an accepted publication which permits a  manuals exemption.  This manuals
exemption permits a security to be sold by shareholders in a particular state without being registered if the company issuing the
security has a listing for that security in a securities manual recognized by that state. The listing entry must contain (i)
the names of issuers, officers, and directors, (ii) an issuer s balance sheet, and (iii) a profit and loss statement for
either the fiscal year preceding the balance sheet or for the most recent fiscal year of operations. The principal accepted
manuals are those published by Standard and Poor s, and Mergent, Inc. Many states expressly recognize these manuals. A
smaller number of states declare that they recognize securities manuals, but do not specify the recognized manuals. Among
others, the following states do not have any provisions and, therefore, do not expressly recognize the manuals exemption: Alabama,
California, Georgia, Illinois, Kentucky, Louisiana, Montana, South Dakota, Tennessee, Vermont, and Wisconsin. 

Current stockholders may experience dilution
of their ownership interests because of the future issuance of additional shares of our common stock.   

In the future, we may issue our authorized but previously unissued equity securities, resulting in the dilution
of the ownership interests of our present stockholders and the purchasers of our common stock offered hereby. We are currently
authorized to issue an aggregate of 1,000,000,000 shares of capital stock consisting of 990,000,000 shares of common stock and
10,000,000 shares of preferred stock with preferences and rights to be determined by our Board of Directors. As of October
7, 2016, there are 495,153,347 shares of our common stock and no shares of our preferred stock outstanding. There are 1,550,000
shares of our common stock reserved for issuance under our 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2009 Plan ), of which we
have 916,666 nonqualified stock options outstanding. Furthermore, we have committed to grant Restricted Stock Units with respect
to an aggregate of 600,000 shares; however, we do not currently have enough shares authorized for issuance under our 2009 Plan
to satisfy all of these obligations.  

Any future issuance of our equity or equity-backed
securities may dilute then-current stockholders  ownership percentages and could also result in a decrease in the fair market
value of our equity securities, because our assets would be owned by a larger pool of outstanding equity. As described above,
we may need to raise additional capital through public or private offerings of our common or preferred stock or other securities
that are convertible into or exercisable for our common or preferred stock. We may also issue such securities in connection
with hiring or retaining employees and consultants (including stock options issued under our equity incentive plans), as payment
to providers of goods and services, in connection with future acquisitions or for other business purposes. Our Board of Directors
may at any time authorize the issuance of additional common or preferred stock without common stockholder approval, subject only
to the total number of authorized common and preferred shares set forth in our certificate of incorporation. The terms of
equity securities issued by us in future transactions may be more favorable to new investors, and may include dividend and/or liquidation
preferences, superior voting rights and the issuance of warrants or other derivative securities, which may have a further dilutive
effect. Also, the future issuance of any such additional shares of common or preferred stock or other securities may create
downward pressure on the trading price of the common stock. There can be no assurance that any such future issuances will
not be at a price (or exercise prices) below the price at which shares of the common stock are then traded. 

26  

We may obtain additional capital through
the issuance of preferred stock, which may limit your rights as a holder of our common stock.   

Without any stockholder vote or action, our
Board of Directors may designate and approve for issuance shares of our preferred stock.  The terms of any preferred stock
may include priority claims to assets and dividends and special voting rights which could limit the rights of the holders of our
common stock. The designation and issuance of preferred stock favorable to current management or stockholders could make any possible
takeover of us or the removal of our management more difficult. 

We may be subject to claims for rescission or damages in connection
with certain sales of shares of our Common Stock in the open market.   

On March 19, 2012, the Securities and Exchange
Commission declared effective a registration statement that we had filed to cover the resale of shares previously issued and sold
(or to be issued upon the exercise of warrants). On March 1, 2013, we filed a post-effective amendment for that registration statement
that included our audited financial statements as of and for the year ended June 30, 2012 as had been filed on our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2012 (the  2012 Annual Report ). We believe that the filing of the post-effective
amendment fulfilled our obligation to update the registration with current financial information pursuant to Section 10(a)(3) of
the Act. However, there were approximately three months when our registration statement contained financial information that was
not current. During that period, 65,000 shares sold pursuant to that prospectus in open market transactions which may have violated
Section 5 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and, as a result, the purchasers of those shares may have rescission rights
or claims for damages. Accordingly, we have reduced shareholders  equity at June 30, 2016 by $3,041, the total amount that
we would have to refund if all the purchasers of those shares exercised their rescission right. However, we cannot be certain that
any claims for damages will not exceed such an amount. This uncertainty may have a material adverse effect on the market price
of our common stock. 

ITEM
                          1B.      UNRESOLVED
STAFF COMMENTS   

Not applicable for smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM
                          2.      PROPERTIES   

The information set forth above under  Business 
relating to the exploration properties within the Salar de Maricunga owned by Minera Li, is incorporated herein by reference. We
hold a 49% ownership interest in Minera Li. 

ITEM
                          3.      LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS   

From time to time, we may become involved in
various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject to inherent
uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm business. 

27  

We are currently not aware of any pending
legal proceedings to which we are a party or of which any of our property is the subject, nor are we aware of any such
proceedings that are contemplated by any governmental authority. 

ITEM
                          4.      MINE
SAFETY DISCLOSURES   

Mine Safety and Health Administration Regulations  

We consider health, safety and environmental
stewardship to be a core value for the Company. 

Our Chilean exploration properties are not subject to regulation by the Federal Mine Safety and Health Administration
( MSHA ) under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (the  Mine Act ). Pursuant to Section 1503(a)
of the recently enacted Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the  Dodd Frank Act ), issuers that
are operators, or that have a subsidiary that is an operator, of a coal or other mine in the United States are required to disclose
in their periodic reports filed with the SEC information regarding specified health and safety violations, orders and citations,
related assessments and legal actions, and mining-related fatalities. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, despite the fact
the Company is outside the  Mine Act  jurisdiction, it has no such specified health and safety violations, orders or
citations, related assessments or legal actions, mining-related fatalities, or similar events in relation to our operations requiring
disclosure pursuant to Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K. 

28  

PART II  

ITEM
                          5.      MARKET
FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES   

Market Information and Holders  

As
of October 7, 2016, there were 495,153,347 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding, and 916,666 shares issuable upon
exercise of outstanding options. Furthermore, we have committed to grant Restricted Stock Units with respect to an aggregate of
600,000 shares; however, we do not currently have enough shares authorized for issuance under our 2009 Plan to satisfy all of
these obligations. On October 7, 2016, there were approximately 200 holders of record of shares of our common stock.  

Since July 1, 2006, our common stock has been listed for quotation on the OTCQB, originally under the symbol
 MYTC.  Our symbol changed to  NNDY  in July 2008 in connection with our name change to Nano Dynamics
Holdings, Inc. Our symbol changed to  LIEG  effective November 18, 2009, in connection with our name change to
Li3 Energy, Inc. The OTCQB is a quotation service that displays real-time quotes, last-sale prices, and volume information in over-the-counter
equity securities. 

The following table sets forth the high and
low bid prices for our common stock for the fiscal quarters indicated as reported on the OTCQB quotation service. These bid
prices represent prices quoted by broker-dealers on the OTCQB quotation service. The quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without
retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions. Our Common Stock is thinly traded and, thus,
pricing of our common stock on the OTCQB does not necessarily represent its fair market value. 

Dividends  

We have never declared any cash dividends with
respect to our common stock. Future payment of dividends is within the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend
on our earnings, capital requirements, financial condition and other relevant factors. We presently intend to retain future
earnings, if any, for use in our business and have no present intention to pay cash dividends on our common stock. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under
Equity Compensation Plans  

Our Board of Directors adopted, and our stockholders
approved, our 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2009 Plan ) on October 19, 2009. The 2009 Plan reserves a total
of 5,000,000 shares of our common stock for issuance pursuant to awards granted thereunder. If an incentive award granted under
the 2009 Plan expires, terminates, is unexercised or is forfeited, or if any shares are surrendered to us in connection with an
incentive award, the shares subject to such award and the surrendered shares will become available for further awards under the
2009 Plan. As of the date of this report, we have issued 3,450,000 shares of our common stock under the 2009 Plan, and 1,550,000
shares remain reserved for issuance. 

29  

We have currently granted the following awards
under the 2009 Plan: 

(a)  awards of 916,666 non-qualified stock options with a weighted average exercise price of approximately
$0.21 per share, none of which have been exercised. All of the stock options have vested and have five year terms;   

(b)  an award of 2,500,000 shares of restricted stock which are fully vested and issued; and   

(c)  awards of restricted stock units with respect to 950,000 shares of common stock which are fully
vested and issued.   

Furthermore, we have committed to grant Restricted
Stock Units with respect to an aggregate of 600,000 shares; however, we do not currently have enough shares authorized for issuance
under our 2009 Plan to satisfy all of these obligations and have not issued any of these shares. 

In April 2015, 200,000 non-qualified stock
options that were issued in April 2010 expired unexercised.  In August 2015, 333,334 non-qualified stock options that were issued
in August 2010 expired unexercised. The shares subject to these awards are therefore available for further awards under the 2009
Plan. Other awards of non-qualified stock options were previously granted under the 2009 Plan, however such awards expired unexercised
and the shares subject to these awards were also made available for further awards under the 2009 Plan. 

The following table provides information as of June 30, 2016, with
respect to the shares of common stock that may be issued under our existing equity compensation plans: 

Weighted-       

average       
     Number of securities     

Number of securities       
     Exercise price of       
     remaining available for     

to be issued upon       
     Outstanding       
     future issuance under equity     

exercise of       
     options,       
     compensation plans     

outstanding options,       
     Warrants and       
     (excluding securities reflected     

warrants and rights       
     rights       
     in column (a))     
 
     Plan Category    
     (a)       
     (b)       
     (c)     
 
     Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1)    
        916,666       
     $  0.23       
        633,334     
 
     Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders    
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
     Total    
        916,666       
     $  0.23       
        633,334     

See  Executive Compensation  for
information regarding individual equity compensation arrangements received by our executive officers pursuant to their employment
agreements with us. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities  

Except as previously disclosed in Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K that we have filed, during the period covered by this Report we have not sold
any of our equity securities that were not registered under the Securities Act. 

ITEM
                          6.      SELECTED
FINANCIAL DATA   

Not applicable for smaller reporting companies. 

30  

ITEM
                          7.      MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

The following discussion and analysis of
our financial condition and results of operations as of, and for the years ended, June 30, 2016 and 2015, are based on
our audited consolidated financial statements as of June 30, 2016, and for the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015.  

You should read this discussion and analysis
together with such consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto .   

We are a South America based exploration company
in the lithium and potassium mining sector. We aim to acquire and develop a unique portfolio of lithium and potassium brine projects
in the Americas. 

All of our mineral rights in SLM Litio 1-6
and the Cocina Mining Concessions are held by Minera Li, of which the Company retains a 49% ownership interest. The controlling
interest in Minera Li (51%) is held by a private Chilean company, Minera Salar Blanco SpA ( MSB , previously BBL SpA). 

As of June 30, 2016, Minera Li owned (a) a
60% interest in SLM Litio 1-6, which consists of mining concessions covering an area of approximately 1,438 hectares in the Salar
de Maricunga in northern Chile; and (b) the Cocina Mining Concessions, covering 450 hectares located adjacent to SLM Litio 1-6. 

The Company is currently evaluating additional
exploration and production opportunities. 

Going Concern  

At June 30, 2016, the Company had no source
of current revenue, a cash balance on hand of $382,054 and negative working capital of $889,214. 

The Company s current negative working
capital position is not sufficient to maintain its basic operations for at least the next 12 months. 

In the course of its development activities,
the Company has sustained and continues to sustain losses. The Company cannot predict if and when the Company may generate
profits.  In the event we identify commercial reserves of lithium or other minerals, we will require substantial additional
capital to develop those reserves and certain governmental permits to exploit such resources.  The Company expects to
finance its future operations primarily through future equity or debt financing. However, there exists substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern because there is no assurance that it will be able to obtain such capital,
through equity or debt financing, or any combination thereof, on satisfactory terms or at all. Additionally, no assurance can be
given that any such financing, if obtained, will be adequate to meet the Company s ultimate capital needs and to support
its growth. If adequate capital cannot be obtained on a timely basis and on satisfactory terms, then the Company s operations
would be materially negatively impacted. 

The Company s ability to complete additional
offerings is dependent on the state of the debt and/or equity markets at the time of any proposed offering, and such market s
reception of the Company and the offering terms. In addition, the Company s ability to complete an offering may be dependent
on the status of its exploration activities, which cannot be predicted. There is no assurance that capital in any form would be
available to the Company, and if available, on terms and conditions that are acceptable. 

Further, the development and exploitation of
the properties in which we have mineral interests require permits at various stages of development. 

These conditions raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent on
its ability to obtain the necessary rights to exploit its mineral rights; meet its financial and operational obligations, to obtain
additional financing as may be required until such time as it can generate sources of recurring revenues and to ultimately attain
profitability. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of
these uncertainties. 

31  

Operational Update  

The MSB Transaction  

On January 27, 2014, the Company entered into
the MSB Sale Agreement with MSB, pursuant to which MSB acquired from the Company eleven of its sixty shares of Minera Li (the  Share
Purchase ) for a cash payment of $1,500,000. In connection with the Share Purchase, Minera Li held a shareholders 
meeting, pursuant to which Minera Li issued forty additional shares (the  Additional Shares ) to MSB in exchange for
a cash payment of $5,500,000 (the  Issuance , and together with the  Share Purchase , the  MSB Transaction ).
As a result of the MSB Transaction, MSB became the majority shareholder of Minera Li holding 51% ownership, with the Company retaining
a 49% interest in Minera Li. 

Concurrent with the execution of the Agreement,
the Company and MSB also entered into a Shareholders Agreement regarding their joint ownership interest of Minera Li (the  Shareholders
Agreement ). Under the Shareholders Agreement, MSB agreed to pay $1,000,000 (the  Additional Payment ) to the
Company upon the earlier of its completion of certain milestones (the  Milestones ) relating to the permitting and
development of the Maricunga Project and January 27, 2016.  

MSB agreed to finance the Company s exploration
and development expenses until the Maricunga Project reaches full permitting and is ready for construction by providing loans due
24 months from receipt at an interest rate of 12% per annum. The loans will be secured by the Company s ownership interest
in Minera Li. Specific limits for these loans were to be negotiated in good faith between MSB and Li3 Energy. 

In addition to the foregoing financing, MSB
also committed to provide the Company with a line of credit (the  MSB Credit Facility ) in the amount of $1,800,000
(the  Maximum Amount ) for working capital purposes, pursuant to which loans of $1,220,000 were provided to the Company
by MSB. 

MSB also provided the Company with a credit
facility of $1,800,000 for working capital, pursuant to which loans of $1,220,000 were provided to the Company by MSB. The loans
were due for repayment 18 months from each drawdown date at an interest rate of 8.5%, and the Company pledged 13 of its shares
in Minera Li as security for the loans. 

The Company s remaining 49% interest
in Minera Li has been treated as an equity investment in accordance with ASC 323 -  Investments   Equity Method and Joint
Ventures .    

On January 19, 2016, the Company entered into
an additional agreement with MSB whereby the Company and MSB agreed to offset the $1,000,000 Additional Payment MSB previously
agreed to provide to the Company against $1,000,000 of the Company s notes payable to MSB and $134,901 of accrued interest
owed to MSB was rolled into the Company s existing note payable. In addition, MSB loaned an additional $100,000 to the Company
and MSB waived the 13 shares in Minera Li which were pledged by the Company to MSB as security for its notes payable. The resulting
$454,901 loan payable is due on January 18, 2018, bears interest at 8.5% per annum, and is secured by 5 of the Company s
shares in Minera Li. 

In June 2012, the Chilean Government s
Ministry of Mining established its first ever auction for the award of lithium, production quotas and licenses (Special Lithium
Operations Contracts, or  CEOL ) which would permit the exploitation of an aggregate of 100,000 tons of lithium metal
(approximately 530,000 tons of lithium carbonate equivalent) over a 20-year period, subject to a seven percent royalty. In September
2012, we formed a consortium consisting of us, POSCO, Daewoo International Corp, and Mitsui   Co. (the  Consortium )
for the purpose of participating in such CEOL auction. The Consortium submitted its bid for the CEOLs and in September 2012, the
Company was informed that the Consortium s bid was not the winning bid. 

The Chilean government subsequently decided
to invalidate the CEOL process due to an administrative error, as well as rescinding the CEOL Basis, which defined the regulations
of the CEOL process. The Company submitted several appeals to the Chilean government requesting it to reconsider the invalidation
and award the CEOL to the second highest bidder - the Consortium. The appeals have been rejected by the Chilean government. In
June 2014, Chile s President and Minister of Mining signed a decree for the establishment of the National Lithium Commission,
tasked with recommending a new state policy for the exploitation of lithium in Chile. The recommendation was issued in January
2015, following which the Chilean government is to consider working alongside private companies in the lithium sector to develop
the country s lithium reserves, increase production and secure the long term sustainability of Chile s lithium industry.
We believe this is a positive step forward in Minera Li s continued efforts of seeking a permit to exploit lithium from SLM
Litio 1-6.  

32  

While Minera Li s current plan for the
Maricunga Project is to exploit lithium and potash from both SLM Litio 1-6 and the Cocina Mining Concessions, if no permit for
lithium exploitation is obtained for SLM Litio 1-6, Minera Li plans to produce lithium carbonate and potash from the Cocina Mining
Concessions in conjunction with producing potash only from SLM Litio 1-6. The technical report shows that potassium resources are
available in these properties. The majority of the past and current technical work performed on the project is applicable to the
production of lithium and/or potassium. Potassium exploitation does not require special permits and it is exploitable via regular
mining concessions, according to the CMC. Initial estimations suggest that a potash project is economically feasible. However,
there can be no assurance that Minera Li will be able to obtain the permits necessary to exploit any minerals that our exploration
activities discover in a timely manner or at all. 

During the year ended June 30, 2016, work was
undertaken on a preliminary work program for the Maricunga Project to expand the work performed on SLM Litio 1-6 to include additional
studies of the Cocina Mining Concessions and the extent of the whole salar. The works undertaken included preparation of a new
exploration plan and relevant approvals, preparation and permitting of a new environmental impact declaration, geophysical surveys,
initiation of baseline monitoring programs and pumping test program on existing production wells. The results of the testing are
expected during the second half of 2016. Additionally, a new exploration program is expected to commence before the end of 2016. 

The Company continues to pursue further opportunities
within the Salar de Maricunga for additional property or joint venture opportunities and MSB has recently acquired options to buy
other mining properties within the Salar in order to consolidate its property holdings within the Salar de Maricunga. We also continue
to monitor the Chilean government progress regarding permitting for exploitation of lithium. 

In March 2013, POSCO announced the development
of a chemical lithium extraction technology that reduces recovery time from around 12 months to less than a few days. Testing of
this technology showed that it increases the lithium recovery rate from a maximum of 50% using traditional evaporation ponds to
more than 80%, and the lithium carbonate produced is more than 99.9% pure. Minera Li plans to assess the use of this technology
to gain efficiencies in exploiting lithium from the Maricunga Project. 

In January 2015, initial test results from
POSCO s demonstration plant located in the Cauchari-Olaroz salar in Argentina indicated that the Direct Lithium Extraction
Process achieved or exceeded all performance targets and that the lithium products subsequently processed were of very high quality.
During a one-month period, over 20 tonnes of lithium phosphate was produced from the demonstration plant and subsequently exported
to POSCO s facility in Pohang, Korea where it was further processed into battery grade lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide. 

Minera Li s board of directors has formed
an Operations and Finance Committee to oversee the technical work required to advance the Maricunga Project along with the financial
aspects of Minera Li. The committee is currently assessing the best alternatives to advance the project, taking careful consideration
of the progress of the legislation in Chile regarding permitting for exploitation of lithium. The developments have been positive
with the recommendations of the National Lithium Commission in January 2015 calling for a joint effort between the state and private
companies to develop a lithium project within Chile. Since then, the Chilean government has continued to announce upcoming changes
to the legislation in favor of advancing new lithium projects. Minera Li have continued monitoring the progress made by the Chilean
government to advance the promotion of lithium projects.  

On July 20, 2016, MSB entered into an agreement with Lithium Power International Limited ( LPI ), an Australian company, regarding a joint
venture to explore and develop the Maricunga Project in accordance with a term sheet dated July 14, 2016. On August 30, 2016, the
Company entered into an agreement with MSB, pursuant to which, the Company and MSB, as the current shareholders of Minera Li, unanimously
agreed to approve the transactions contemplated by the term sheet (the  Transaction ). 

33  

As part of the Transaction, Mineral Li and
MSB will contribute their Maricunga lithium brine assets to a new joint venture (the  Maricunga JV ) and LPI will
contribute $27.5 million in cash to the Maricunga JV to cover exploration and development costs for the next 2.5 years until the
completion of a definitive feasibility study in late 2018. Following the completion of the Transaction, the Company will own a
direct 17.67% equity interest of the Maricunga JV, with LPI and MSB owning 50.0% and 32.34%, respectively. The Company will be
entitled to appoint one director of the Maricunga JV (so long as it holds at least 10% of the equity interests of the joint venture),
with LPI and MSB holding three and two director seats, respectively. 

On September 1, 2016, LPI announced that it
had satisfactorily completed the legal and technical due diligence regarding the Maricunga JV. 

Strategic Plan  

Our objective is to become an integrated chemical
company through the strategic acquisition and development of lithium and potassium assets, as well as other assets that have by-product
synergies. Part of our strategic plan is to ensure Minera Li explores and develops the existing Maricunga Project while simultaneously
identifying other synergistic opportunities with new projects with production potential that could also be advanced in an accelerated
manner, with the goal of becoming a company with valuable lithium, potassium and other industrial minerals properties. Our
primary objective is to become a low cost lithium and potash producer utilizing improved technologies for the extraction of lithium
and potash from brines. 

Along with our strategic partner MSB, we are
fully committed to advancing the Maricunga Project to the stage of full permitting, including environmental, social, and construction
permits, and all other studies required on the project. 

On January 29, 2016, the Company executed a
non-binding letter of intent with Wealth Minerals Ltd for a transaction between the companies. This transaction is currently under
review by the Company. 

Results of Operations  

Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2016 Compared
with Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2015  

Revenues  

We had no revenues during the years ended June
30, 2016 and 2015. 

Operating Expenses  

Loss from Minera Li equity method investment  

We incurred losses from equity method investments
of $557,038 and $236,050 during the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, reflecting our share of the losses incurred by Minera Li
during the respective years. 

34  

General and administrative expenses  

Our general and administrative expenses for
the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 consisted of the following: 

We incurred total general and administrative expenses of $839,446 for the year ended June 30, 2016 compared
to $1,390,428 for the year ended June 30, 2015, a $550,982 decrease. The reduction in general and administrative expenses
is mainly a result of: 

A decrease in travel expenses of $52,937
due to various non-recurring travel incurred in the prior period in relation to potential transactions with third parties;    

A decrease in marketing and investor relations
of $73,694 due to the termination of the contract with marketing agents in order to reduce costs;    

A decrease in directors  fees of
$83,780 following a 25% reduction of fees payable to directors in order to reduce costs and the resignation of two directors;    

A decrease in stock-based compensation
of $148,672, mainly due to non-recurring costs incurred in the prior year including shares issued to the CEO and CFO in April 2015
pursuant to amendments to their employment agreements, valued at $185,000.    

During the year ended June 30, 2016, the Company has continued its efforts to reduce its cost of operations
to reflect the nature of its current business. The main area of cost savings has been the reduction of the salaries paid to our
CEO and CFO. 

Other Income (Expense)  

Gain on debt extinguishment  

We recognized gains on debt extinguishment
of $51,656 and $333,769 for the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. During the year ended June 30, 2016, a gain on
debt extinguishment of $51,656 was recognized as the fair value of the embedded derivative and unamortized debt discount on repayment
of the 2015 Convertible Notes. The gain recorded during the year ended June 30, 2015 was in relation to the write-off of loans
from Milestone of $95,000, accrued interest of $49,169, and the write-off of certain accrued liabilities. 

35  

Change in fair value of derivative liability  

During the year ended June 30, 2016, we recorded
a loss of $53,811 on the change in fair value of derivative liability, compared to a gain of $1,844,967 during the year ended June
30, 2015.  The change in fair value of our derivative liability has no impact on our cash flows from operations and was
primarily a result of the decrease in our stock price during each of the years. 

Gain on foreign currency transactions  

During the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015,
gain on foreign currency transactions amounted to $4,160 and $1,532, respectively, and such activity was related to our operations
in Chile and Peru. 

Interest expense  

During
the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, interest expense was $146,241 and $140,915, respectively.  

Net
Income (Loss)   

Net
loss for the year ended June 30, 2016 was $1,540,720 compared to net income of $412,875 for the year ended June 30, 2015. The
variance in net income (loss) is primarily due to: a gain on change in fair value of derivative liability instruments of $1,844,967
for the year ended June 30, 2015 compared to a loss of $53,811 during the year ended June 30, 2016, an increase in loss from Minera
Li equity investment of $316,757, and a reduction in gain on debt extinguishment of $282,113, partially offset by a decrease in
general and administrative expenses of $550,982.  

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

We are primarily engaged in exploration and
acquisition of new properties and do not generate income from operations currently. As of June 30, 2016, our only source of liquidity
had been debt and equity financing. 

The Company s current negative working
capital position is not sufficient to maintain its basic operations for at least the next 12 months. 

Although the Company continues to seek investment
in certain other mining properties, any such properties that we may acquire will require exploration and development that could
take years to complete before it begins to generate revenues. There can be no assurances that we will be successful in acquiring
such properties or that if we do complete acquisitions, properties acquired will be successfully developed to the revenue producing
stage. If we are not successful in our proposed mining operations, our business, results of operations, liquidity and financial
condition will suffer materially. 

Various factors outside of our control, including
the price of lithium, potassium nitrate and other minerals, overall market and economic conditions, the volatility in equity markets
may limit our ability to raise the capital needed to execute our plan of operations. These or other factors could adversely affect
our ability to raise additional capital. As a result of an inability to raise additional capital, our short-term or long-term liquidity
and our ability to execute our plan of operations could be significantly impaired. 

Shares for Debt Settlement  

In addition to utilizing our capital to acquire
properties and pay other corporate costs, we periodically issue shares of our common stock as consideration in lieu of cash to
conserve our cash and meet our obligations. We likely will continue to issue common stock for these purposes where feasible, if
we determine that it is in our economic best interests. During the year ended June 30, 2016, we issued 18,033,821 shares of our
common stock for the settlement of $290,562 relating to certain outstanding liabilities (of which $51,581 were outstanding at June
30, 2015). 

36  

Common Stock Subject to Rescission  

On March 19, 2012, the Securities and Exchange
Commission declared effective a registration statement that we had filed to cover the resale of shares previously issued and sold
(or to be issued upon the exercise of warrants). On March 1, 2013, we filed a post-effective amendment for that registration statement
that included our audited financial statements as of and for the year ended June 30, 2012 as had been filed on our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2012 (the  2012 Annual Report ). We believe that the filing of the post-effective
amendment fulfilled our obligation to update the registration with current financial information pursuant to Section 10(a)(3) of
the Act. However, there were approximately three months when our registration statement contained financial information that was
not current. During that period, 65,000 shares were sold pursuant to that prospectus in open market transactions which may have
violated Section 5 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and, as a result, the purchasers of those shares may have rescission
rights or claims for damages. Accordingly, we have reduced shareholders  equity at June 30, 2016 by $3,041, the total amount
that we would have to refund if all the purchasers of those shares exercised their rescission right. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition,
revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

We prepare our consolidated financial statements
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( U.S. GAAP ). U.S. GAAP represents
a comprehensive set of accounting and disclosure rules and requirements. The preparation of these financial statements requires
us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions
that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making judgments about the carrying
values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates
under different assumptions or conditions, however, in the past the estimates and assumptions have been materially accurate and
have not required any significant changes. Should we experience significant changes in the estimates or assumptions that would
cause a material change to the amounts used in the preparation of our financial statements, material quantitative information will
be made available to investors as soon as it is reasonably available. 

We believe the following critical accounting
policies, among others, affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial
statements: 

Use of Estimates and Assumptions  

The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Management has made significant estimates related to the fair value of shares issued for mineral acquisitions; the fair value of
derivative liabilities; stock-based payments; and contingencies. 

Impairment of Long Lived Assets  

Long-lived assets, including mineral rights,
are reviewed for impairment when circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. We account
for asset impairment in accordance with ASC 360,  Property Plant and Equipment . Long-lived assets such as property, plant
and equipment, mineral properties and purchased intangible assets subject to amortization are reviewed for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Impairment is considered
to exist if the total estimated future cash flow on an undiscounted basis is less than the carrying amount of the related assets.
An impairment loss is measured and recorded based on the estimated fair value of the long-lived asset. 

37  

Share-Based Payments  

The Company estimates the fair value of each
stock option award at the grant date by using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and common shares based on the last quoted
market price of the Company s common stock on the date of the share grant. The fair value determined represents the cost
for the award and is recognized over the vesting period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for
the award. As share-based compensation expense is recognized based on awards ultimately expected to vest, the Company reduces the
expense for estimated forfeitures based on historical forfeiture rates. Previously recognized compensation costs may be adjusted
to reflect the actual forfeiture rate for the entire award at the end of the vesting period. Excess tax benefits, if any, are recognized
as an addition to paid-in capital. 

Fair Value Measurements  

As defined in FASB ASC Topic No. 820 - 10,
fair value is the price that would be received upon the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. FASB ASC Topic No. 820 - 10 requires disclosure that establishes a framework
for measuring fair value and expands disclosure about fair value measurements. 

As required by FASB ASC Topic No. 820 - 10,
financial assets and liabilities are classified based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.
Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment, and may affect the valuation
of the fair value of assets and liabilities and their placement within the fair value hierarchy levels. 

ITEM
                          7A.      QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   

Not applicable for smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM
                          8.      FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA   

Our audited consolidated financial statements
as of, and for the years ended, June 30, 2016 and 2015, are included beginning on Page F-1 immediately following the signature
page to this report.  See Item 15 for a list of the financial statements included herein. 

ITEM
                          9.      CHANGES
IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE   

None. 

ITEM
                          9A      CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES   

(a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures.  

We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer of the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of June 30,
2016. Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the end
of the period covered in this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to ensure that information required
to be disclosed in reports filed by us under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the required time periods and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer
and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. To address the material
weakness, we performed additional analysis and other post-closing procedures in an effort to ensure our consolidated financial
statements included in this annual report have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the
United States of America. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this report fairly present
in all material respects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

38  

Our management, including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will
prevent all errors or fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute,
assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that
there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Due to the inherent limitations
in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud,
if any, have been detected. 

(b) Management s Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting  

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f). Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2016, based on
the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework and the Internal Control over Financial Reporting-Guidance for Smaller Public
Companies, both issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). A material weakness is a
deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of the company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. We have identified the following material weakness: 

We are currently in the exploration stage,
and we have focused on hiring individuals to assist in identifying and pursuing business opportunities in lithium and industrial
minerals mining. Although we have hired qualified resources to carry out our day-to-day accounting and financial reporting obligations,
we have not yet reached the point at which we have adequate resources to address all complex accounting issues in-house. We rely
on external consultants who we understand are sufficiently qualified to provide us with expert assistance in these areas. As a
result of this, while we are not aware of any specific deficiency, a reasonable possibility exists that a material misstatement
of the company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected by us on a timely basis. 

Because of this material weakness, management
has concluded that our Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2016, based
on the criteria established in  Internal Control-Integrated Framework  issued by the COSO. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective
can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report
was not subject to the attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm because smaller reporting companies are
exempt from this requirement. 

(c) Changes in Internal Controls.  

There has been no change in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended June 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
                          9B.      OTHER
INFORMATION   

On July 19, 2016, Gi-Chen Eom resigned from the Board of Directors of the Company. Mr. Eom s resignation
did not result from any disagreements with the Company on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices. 

39  

PART III  

ITEM
                          10.      DIRECTORS,
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE   

Below are the names and certain information
regarding our current executive officers and directors: 

Directors are elected to serve until the next
meeting of stockholders and until their successors are elected and qualified. Our executive officers are appointed by the Board
of Directors and serve at its pleasure. 

Certain biographical information for each of
our executive officers and directors is set forth below. 

Luis Francisco Saenz  joined our Board
of Directors and has been our Chief Executive Officer since October 19, 2009, and President since September 14, 2011. Mr. Saenz
was formerly employed at Standard Bank ( Standard ) with Standard s investment banking unit, Standard Americas,
Inc. Mr. Saenz joined Standard in New York in 1997 and relocated to Peru in 1998 to establish Standard s Peru representative
office. While in Peru, Mr. Saenz led Standard s mining and metals organization effort in the Latin America region. Mr. Saenz
returned to New York in 2007 to head Standard s mining and metals team in the Americas. Mr. Saenz previously worked for Pechiney
World Trade in the base metals trading area before joining Merrill Lynch as Vice-President for Commodities in Latin America. Mr.
Saenz graduated from Franklin and Marshall College in 1991 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in economics and international affairs.
He also serves as Director of Atico Mining Corporation, a TSX-listed company with mining operations in Colombia and Chief Executive
Officer of Minera Quiruvilca SA in Peru. 

Mr. Saenz  qualifications to serve on
the board of directors include his extensive experience in the mining and metals industry in Latin America.   

Luis Santillana  became our Vice President
of Finance on March 1, 2012, and has been our Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer since July 1, 2012. Mr. Santillana
strengthens our existing management team and brings additional domain expertise, having over 10 years  experience in the
mining industry, specifically in finance, fund raising, debt facilities, deal negotiation and execution, strategic and financial
planning, financial valuations, treasury management, and improvement of management reporting. Prior to joining our Company, Mr.
Santillana held the position of Strategic Planning Manager, for ENRC plc, a $7 billion revenue, diversified mining company listed
on the London Stock Exchange (FTSE 100). Based in London, he was involved in strategic and financial planning and management reporting
for ENRC. From September 2008 to June 2010, Mr. Santillana was responsible for the financial planning and treasury functions at London
Mining plc, an iron-ore mining company listed on the London Stock Exchange (AIM). Prior to joining London Mining plc, Mr. Santillana
worked for Hochschild Mining plc, a Peruvian gold and silver producer, where he was part of the core management team that led Hochschild
Mining s successful IPO and listing on the London Stock Exchange (FTSE 250). Mr. Santillana is also currently the Chief Financial
Officer of Minera Quiruvilca SA in Peru. Mr. Santillana holds an MBA from IESE Business School (Spain) and a Bachelor s Degree
in Industrial Engineering from Universidad de Lima (Peru). 

40  

Patrick
Cussen   joined our Company as Chairman of the Board of Directors in December 2011. Mr. Cussen
brings us 44 years of mineral and mining expertise and, since 1991has been the President of Celta Consultoras Limitada, a Chilean
mining consulting and service company to the Latin American mining industry, advising global clients including: Antofagasta Minerals,
Vale, Phelps Dodge (Freeport), Placer Dome (Barrick), Codelco, Citibank, LS-Nikko Copper and Royal Gold. From 1972 - 1985, Mr.
Cussen held numerous positions within Codelco, the world s largest copper producer, culminating as Managing Director, Chile
Copper Ltd., a London based Codelco subsidiary. From 1985 - 1990, Mr. Cussen was VP Sales, Empresa Minera de Mantos Blancos S.A.
(subsidiary of Anglo American Chile). After 15 years, in April 2016 Mr. Cussen resigned as Chairman of the Board of the Center
for Copper and Mining Studies (Cesco), the Chilean think-tank on mining. Mr. Cussen is also a former member of the board of the
Chilean Copper Commission. Mr. Cussen is an industrial civil engineer and holds an MA in economics from the University of Chile.   

Mr. Cussen s qualifications to serve
on the board of directors include his extensive experience within the Latin American mining industry. 

Patricio Campos  joined our Board of
Directors in September 2011. Mr. Campos brings us valuable domain expertise having over 44 years  experience in the mining
industry, specifically in project exploration, evaluation, technical and economic preparation, plant constructions and operations.
His mineral and mining experience includes copper, gold and non-metallic (coal, phosphate, limestone, nitrate and iodine, lithium
(brines) minerals, boron and potassium chloride projects. Mr. Campos has also acted as a consultant in the evaluation of ore deposit
reserves, copper, gold, iodine, nitrate, coal, phosphate, lithium salares, boron, potassium chloride and potassium sulphate projects.
Prior to joining our Company, Mr. Campos previously led and supervised the construction of several plants (iodine, bagging) for
Chemical   Mining Co. of Chile Inc. (NYSE: SQM), a multi-national global producer and seller of fertilizers and specialty chemicals
and Bifox Ltd. (phosphoric acid, grinding, crushing). Additionally, Mr. Campos has worked as a consultant spanning 30 years for
companies such as Anglo American (Salar de Atacama Project), SQM (Salar de Atacama Project), Falcon Mines, MAGSA, ACF Minera S.A.,
SCM Montevideo   Montecristo, and Sociedad Minera Isla Riesco. Mr. Campos has also actively participated in due diligence processes
and negotiations for mining assets such as Algorta Norte S.A. s iodine project, SQM s Salar de Atacama and Antucoya
copper projects, Codelco s El Hueso gold mine and other exploration projects, Phelp Dodge s Safford project, among
others. Mr. Campos is a former Professor of Mining Economy at the Mining Department, Universidad de Chile and a former Professor
for due diligence, Mining Department, Escuela de Ingenieria, Unversidad de Chile and Instituto de Ingenieros de Minas de Chile.
Mr. Campos was a member of the Comit  de Recursos Mineros del II MCh (Mining Resources Committee, Chile). Mr. Campos received
his Civil Mining Engineering degree from Universidad de Chile and Graduated in economic evaluation and project preparation, Bid-Odeplan
- Universidad Cat lica de Chile. 

Mr. Campos s significant experience in
the mining industry, specifically in project exploration, evaluation, technical and economic preparation qualifies him to serve
as a member of our board of directors. 

David G. Wahl , P. Eng., P.Geo.
ICD.D was appointed to our Board of Directors on February 18, 2010.  From 2005 to the present, Mr. Wahl has been the
President and CEO of Southampton Associates - Consulting Engineers   Geoscientist, a private consulting concern specializing
in mining and technical issues for corporate clients, financial institutions and governments. Mr. Wahl is a Director of Renforth
Resources Inc. (TSX-V) and FeminInc (Frankfurt). Mr. Wahl also has served in a technical advisory capacity to certain financial
institutions, government agencies, and national legal and accounting firms.  As a past director of the Prospectors and
Developers Association, Mr. Wahl provided independent peer review of the OSC/TSE Mining Standard Task Force and for Canadian National
Instrument 43-101.  Mr. Wahl contributed to a similar review process as co-chair of the Professional Engineers of Ontario
Review Committee.  Mr. Wahl is a graduate of the Colorado School of Mines and received a degree as an Engineer of Mines
in 1968. Mr. Wahl is a member of Professional Engineers Ontario and Professional Geoscientists of Ontario, both of which are self-regulatory
organizations. Mr. Wahl is also a member of the Institute of Corporate Directors. 

41  

Mr. Wahl s qualifications to serve on
the board of directors include his far-reaching technical experience with companies involved in the mining and mineral industry. 

Rights to Nominate Directors  

Pursuant
to the Investor s Rights Agreement between POSCAN and us, dated as of August 24, 2011, we were required to appoint a director
nominated by POSCAN to our Board of Directors, and we must continue to nominate a POSCAN-designee at each annual meeting for as
long as POSCAN owns not less than 10% of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock.  

Director
Independence   

We
are not currently subject to listing requirements of any national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system which has
requirements that a majority of the board of directors be  independent  and, as a result, we are not at this time
required to have our Board of Directors comprised of a majority of  Independent Directors.   However, our Board
of Directors has determined that Mr. Wahl is an  Independent Director  within the meaning of the rules of the Nasdaq
Stock Market.  

Board
of Directors Meetings   

Our
business is under the general oversight of the Board of Directors as provided by the laws of Nevada and our bylaws. During the
fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, the Board of Directors held nine meetings. Each incumbent director attended at least 75% of the
Board of Directors meetings and the meetings of the committees on which he served the year ended June 30, 2016.  

Board Committees  

Our Board of Directors currently has an Audit
Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and have adopted charters for all such
committees. Following the Company s disposal of the controlling interest in Minera Li, the Board of Directors determined
that the Health, Safety, Environment and Community Committee was no longer necessary, and as such it was disbanded on February
4, 2015. 

Audit Committee  

The purpose of the Audit Committee of the Board
of Directors is to represent and assist the Board in monitoring (i) accounting, auditing, and financial reporting processes; (ii)
the integrity of our financial statements; (iii) our internal controls and procedures designed to promote compliance with accounting
standards and applicable laws and regulations; and (iv) the appointment of and evaluating the qualifications and independence of
our independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee s responsibilities are set forth in its formal charter.
The Audit Committee consists of Mr. Cussen (Chairman), Mr. Wahl and Mr. Saenz. The Audit Committee was formed on December 5, 2011,
and has met twice during the year ended June 30, 2016. 

42  

Mr. McKenzie and Mr. Aguirre resigned from
the Audit Committee during the year due to their resignation from the Board of Directors. 

The Board of Directors has determined that
all Audit Committee members are financially literate under the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. 

Compensation Committee  

The purpose of the Compensation Committee of
the Board of Directors is to (i) assist the Board in discharging its responsibilities with respect to compensation of our executive
officers, (ii) evaluate the performance of our executive officers, and (iii) administer our stock and incentive compensation plans
and recommend changes in such plans to the Board as needed. The Compensation Committee s specific responsibilities are set
forth in its formal charter. The Compensation Committee currently consists of Mr. Cussen (Chairman), Mr. Wahl and Mr. Campos. The
Compensation Committee was formed on December 5, 2011, and did not meet during the year ended June 30, 2016 as any items considered
pertinent to this committee were discussed at the Board of Directors meetings. 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee  

The purpose of the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee of the Board of Directors is to assist the Board in identifying qualified individuals to become Board members,
in determining the composition of the Board and its committees, in monitoring a process to assess Board effectiveness and in developing
and implementing corporate procedures and policies. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee s specific responsibilities
are set forth in its formal charter. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee currently consists of Mr. Cussen (Chairman),
Mr. Wahl and Mr. Campos. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee was formed on December 5, 2011, and did not meet during
the year ended June 30, 2016 as any items considered pertinent to this committee were discussed at the Board of Directors meetings. 

Shareholder Communications  

Currently, we do not have a policy with regard
to the consideration of any director candidates recommended by security holders. To date, no security holders have made any
such recommendations. 

Code of Ethics  

We have adopted a Company Code of Ethics and
a Code of Ethics for Financial Reporting Officers (collectively,  Codes ) that applies to our principal executive officer,
principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions.  A
copy of our Codes will be provided to any person requesting same without charge. To request a copy of our Code of Ethics or
Code of Ethics for Financial Reporting Officers please make written request to our President c/o Matias Cousi o 82, Of.
806, Santiago de Chile, Chile. The Codes are also filed as an exhibit to this annual report. We believe our Codes are reasonably
designed to deter wrongdoing and promote honest and ethical conduct; provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure
in public reports; comply with applicable laws; ensure prompt internal reporting of code violations; and provide accountability
for adherence to the code. 

Whistle Blowing Policy  

We have adopted a Company Whistle Blowing Policy,
for which a copy will be provided to any person requesting same without charge. To request a copy of our Whistle Blowing Policy
please make written request to our President c/o Matias Cousi o 82, Of. 806, Santiago de Chile, Chile. We believe our
Whistle Blowing Policy is reasonably designed to provide an environment where our employees and consultants may raise concerns
about any and all dishonest, fraudulent or unacceptable behavior, which, if disclosed, could reasonably be expected to raise concerns
regarding the integrity, ethics or bona fides of the Company. 

43  

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act  

Prior to March 16, 2011, our common stock was
not registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act.  Accordingly, our officers, directors and principal shareholders
were not subject to the beneficial ownership reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act prior to that date. 

Based solely upon a review of Forms 3 and 4 and amendments thereto furnished to the Company under  Rule
16a-3(e) under the Exchange Act during its most recent fiscal year and Forms 5 and amendments thereto furnished to the Company
with respect to its most recent fiscal year, and any written representation to the Company from the reporting person that no Form
5 is required, no person who, at any time during the fiscal year, was a director, officer, beneficial owner of more than ten percent
of the Company s common stock, or any other person known to the Company to be subject to section 16 of the Exchange Act with
respect to the Company, failed to file on a timely basis, as disclosed in the above Forms, reports required by section 16(a) of
the Exchange Act during the year ended June 30, 2016, or prior years, except for one late filing for each of Messrs. de Aguirre,
McKenzie, Cussen, Campos and Wahl. 

ITEM 11.   
       EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION    

The following table sets forth information
concerning the total compensation paid or accrued by the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, to (i) all individuals that served
as our principal executive officer or acted in a similar capacity for us at any time during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016;
and (ii) all individuals that served as executive officers of ours at any time during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2015 that
received annual compensation during such fiscal year in excess of $100,000. 

Summary Compensation Table  

44  

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal
Year-End  

We have not issued any stock options or maintained
any stock option or other incentive plans other than our 2009 Equity Incentive Plan. (See  Market for Common Equity and Related
Stockholder Matters - Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans,  above). 

The following tables set forth information
regarding stock options held by the Company s Named Executive Officers at June 30, 2016. 

Option Awards  

Equity incentive       

plan awards:       

Number of       
     Number of       
     Number of       

Securities       
     securities       
     Securities       

Underlying       
     underlying       
     underlying       

Unexercised       
     unexercised       
     unexercised       
     Option plan       

Options       
     options       
     unearned       
     exercise       
     Option     
 
     Name    
     exercisable (#)       
     unexercisable (#)       
     options (#)       
     price ($)       
     expiration date     
 
     Luis Santillana (1)    
        250,000       
        -       
        -       
     $  0.40       
         March 1, 2017      

We have no plans in place and have never maintained
any plans that provide for the payment of retirement benefits or benefits that will be paid primarily following retirement, including,
but not limited to, tax qualified deferred benefit plans, supplemental executive retirement plans, tax-qualified deferred contribution
plans and nonqualified deferred contribution plans. 

Agreements with Executive Officers  

We have an employment agreement with each of
our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer.  

Employment Agreement with Luis Saenz   

We entered into an Employment Services Agreement (the  CEO Employment Agreement ) with our Chief
Executive Officer (CEO), Luis Saenz, effective as of August 24, 2011. Under the CEO Employment Agreement, the base salary
of Mr. Saenz was to be determined by our Board of Directors. The CEO Employment Agreement had an initial term of one year
and was automatically renewed for successive one-year terms unless either party delivered timely notice of its intention not to
renew. Our Board of Directors also had sole discretion to pay Mr. Saenz an annual bonus at such time and in such amount as
it so determined. We granted Mr. Saenz 700,000 restricted stock units under our 2009 Equity Incentive Plan, which vested in three
equal instalments on each of January 15, 2012, 2013 and 2014. 

45  

On
April 8, 2015, the Company entered into Amendment No. 1 (the  Saenz Amendment 1 ) to the CEO Employment Agreement
with its CEO. Pursuant to the Saenz Amendment 1, the CEO s employment term would terminate on December 31, 2015 unless the
parties agreed in writing to extend the term prior to that date. On March 4, 2016, the Company entered into Amendment No. 2 (the
 Saenz Amendment 2 ) to the CEO Employment Agreement with its CEO whereby the term of the CEO s employment was
extended to March 31, 2016 and thereafter would terminate unless renewed at the sole discretion of the Chairman of the Board.
The Saenz Amendment 2 provides that commencing January 1, 2016, the base salary of the CEO will be paid in shares of common stock
of the Company. The CEO s employment has been subsequently extended to September 30, 2016.  

The
CEO was paid a base salary of $10,416 per month for the period April 1, 2015 to June 30, 2015 (reduced from $20,833 per month)
and $5,208 per month for the period from July 1, 2015 to June 30, 2016. The Saenz Amendment 1 also provides additional compensation
upon certain change of control events and such provision was subsequently deleted in Saenz Amendment 2. In consideration of the
Saenz Amendment 1, the Company issued the CEO 8,928,571 shares of common stock of the Company valued at $125,000 and recorded
as stock compensation expense within general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations.  

Mr.
Saenz s employment by us remains  at-will  and terminable at any time for any reason or for no reason. If
Mr. Saenz s employment is terminated by us without Cause, we must continue to pay him any base salary at the rate then in
effect for a period of 18 months. If we terminate Mr. Saenz s employment without Cause, or in connection with a Change
of Control (as defined in the CEO Employment Agreement), or if Mr. Saenz terminates the CEO Employment Agreement for Good Reason,
or in the event of a termination of employment due to a permanent disability, we will continue to pay him any base salary at the
rate then in effect until the termination date.  

For
the duration of the employment period and, unless we terminate Mr. Saenz s employment without Cause, for the period until
the termination date, Mr. Saenz has agreed not to directly or indirectly compete with any business engaged in by us or proposed
to be engaged in by us during the period of his employment anywhere within the countries in which we are then operating.  

Employment
Services Agreement with Luis Santillana    

We
are party to an Employment Services Agreement with Mr. Santillana, dated as of December 1, 2011, amended as of April 10, 2012
(the  CFO Employment Agreement ). Under the CFO Employment Agreement, Mr. Santillana was appointed as our Chief Financial
Officer ( CFO ), and we paid Mr. Santillana an annual base salary of $185,000. The CFO Employment Agreement had an
initial term of one year and was automatically renewed for successive one-year terms unless either party delivered timely notice
of its intention not to renew. Pursuant to the CFO Employment Agreement, we may also pay Mr. Santillana an annual bonus of up
to 50% of his base salary, at such time and in such amount as may be determined by our Board of Directors in its sole discretion.
We granted Mr. Santillana 250,000 restricted stock units under our 2009 Equity Incentive Plan, which vested in three equal instalments
on each of March 1, 2013, 2014 and 2015. We also granted Mr. Santillana an option under our 2009 Equity Incentive Plan to purchase
an aggregate of 250,000 shares of our common stock, exercisable for a term of five years at an exercise price of $0.40 per share,
which vested in its entirety on September 1, 2013.  

On
April 8, 2015, the Company entered into Amendment No. 1 (the  Santillana Amendment 1 ) to the CFO Employment Agreement
with its CFO, dated as of December 1, 2011 (as amended on April 10, 2012). Pursuant to the Santillana Amendment 1, the CFO s
term would terminate on December 31, 2015 unless the parties agreed in writing to extend the term prior to that date. On March
4, 2016, the Company entered into Amendment No. 2 (the  Santillana Amendment 2 ) to the CFO Employment Agreement with
its CFO whereby the term of the CFO s employment was extended to March 31, 2016 and thereafter would terminate unless renewed
at the sole discretion of the Chairman of the Board. The Santillana Amendment 2 states that commencing January 1, 2016, the base
salary of the CFO will be paid in shares of common stock of the Company. The CFO s employment has been subsequently extended
to September 30, 2016.  

46  

The
CFO was paid a base salary of $7,708 per month for the period April 1, 2015 to June 30, 2015 (reduced from $15,417 per month)
and a base salary of $3,980 per month for the period from July 1, 2015 to June 30, 2016. The Santillana Amendment 1 also provides
additional compensation upon certain change of control events and such provision was subsequently deleted in Santillana Amendment
2. In consideration of the Santillana Amendment 1, the Company issued the CFO 4,285,715 shares of common stock of the Company
valued at $60,000 and recorded as stock compensation expense within general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements
of operations.  

Mr.
Santillana s employment by us is  at-will  and terminable at any time for any reason or for no reason. If Mr.
Santillana s employment is terminated by us without Cause or in connection with a Change of Control (as such terms are defined
in the CFO Employment Agreement) or if he terminates the CFO Employment Agreement for Good Reason (as defined in the CFO Employment
Agreement), his options will expire nine months after such termination. If we terminate Mr. Santillana s employment without
Cause, or in connection with a Change of Control, or if Mr. Santillana terminates his employment for Good Reason, or in the event
of a termination of employment due to a permanent disability, we will continue to pay Mr. Santillana his base salary at the rate
then in effect for until the termination date.  

For
the duration of the employment period and, unless we terminate Mr. Santillana s employment without Cause, for the period
until the termination date, Mr. Santillana has agreed not to directly or indirectly compete with any business engaged in by us
or proposed to be engaged in by us during the period of his employment anywhere within the countries in which we are then operating.  

The
foregoing is a summary of the principal terms of the CEO Employment Agreement and the CFO Employment Agreement and Amendments
to these agreements. The summary is qualified in its entirety by the detailed provisions of the actual agreements, which are filed
as exhibits to this Annual Report and are incorporated herein by reference.  

Compensation of Non-Employee Directors  

The following table sets forth information
concerning the total compensation paid or accrued by us during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 to all individuals that served
on our board of Directors for us at any time during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016: 

47  

On May 2, 2012, our Board adopted a plan of
compensation for its non-employee directors  services to the Company, pursuant to which each current and former non-employee
director shall be paid cash (the  Cash Director Compensation ) at the greatest of the following annual rates that applies
to such director during the relevant time periods: $64,000 for the Chairman of the Board; $40,000 for the Audit Committee Chairman;
$34,000 for the Chairman of any other standing Board committee; and $24,000 for directors who do not chair any committees. On February
4, 2015, our Board resolved to reduce the compensation due to each director by 25% from March 1, 2015, such that the annual rates
became: $48,000 for the Chairman of the Board; $30,000 for the Audit Committee Chairman; $25,500 for the Chairman of any other
standing Board committee; and $18,000 for directors who do not chair any committees. The Cash Director Compensation shall be deemed
to begin to accrue retroactively for each non-employee director on the later of such director s initiation of substantial
involvement with the Board, as determined in good faith by the Chief Executive Officer, and July 1, 2011 (each such director s
 Compensation Start Date ). The increased rates of Cash Director Compensation for the Chairman of the Board and Committee
Chairmen shall only apply to the period of time that the relevant director served in such capacity. 

During the year ended June 30 2016, the Company
issued an aggregate of 7,677,716 shares of our common stock as consideration in lieu of $116,534 in accrued Director Compensation,
of which $28,500 related to fees accrued during the year ended June 30, 2015. We likely will continue to issue common stock for
this purpose where feasible. 

On May 2, 2012, the Board also determined to
grant to each of its non-employee directors other than the Chairman of the Board 100,000 Restricted Stock Units under the 2009
Plan, which were to vest in three equal instalments on each of the first three anniversaries of such director s Compensation
Start Date. The Board also determined to grant to the Chairman of the Board 300,000 Restricted Stock Units under the 2009 Plan,
which were to vest in three equal instalments on each of the first three anniversaries of his becoming Chairman of the Board. However,
such restricted stock units have not yet been granted, as we do not have sufficient shares authorized at this time for issuance
pursuant to awards under our 2009 Plan to accommodate all of such restricted stock units. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information  

On October 19, 2009, our Board of Directors
adopted, and our stockholders approved, the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2009 Plan ), which reserved a total of
5,000,000 shares of our common stock for issuance under the 2009 Plan (3,450,000 shares of which have been issued and the restrictions
thereon lapsed).  If an incentive award granted under the 2009 Plan expires, terminates, is unexercised or is forfeited,
or if any shares are surrendered to us in connection with an incentive award, the shares subject to such award and the surrendered
shares will become available for further awards under the 2009 Plan. 

In addition, the number of shares of Common
Stock subject to the 2009 Plan, any number of shares subject to any numerical limit in the 2009 Plan, and the number of shares
and terms of any incentive award are expected to be adjusted in the event of any change in our outstanding common stock by reason
of any stock dividend, spin-off, split-up, stock split, reverse stock split, recapitalization, reclassification, merger, consolidation,
liquidation, business combination or exchange of shares or similar transaction. 

Administration  

It is expected that the Compensation Committee
of our Board of Directors, or the Board of Directors in the absence of such a committee, will administer the 2009 Plan. Subject
to the terms of the 2009 Plan, the Compensation Committee would have complete authority and discretion to determine the terms of
awards under the 2009 Plan. 

Grants  

The 2009 Plan authorizes the grant to participants
of nonqualified stock options, incentive stock options, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, performance grants intended
to comply with Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code (as amended, the  Code ) and stock appreciation rights,
as described below: 

Options granted under the 2009 Plan entitle the grantee, upon exercise, to purchase a specified
number of shares from us at a specified exercise price per share. The exercise price for shares of our common stock covered by
an option cannot be less than the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant unless agreed to otherwise at the
time of the grant.   

48  

Restricted stock awards and restricted stock units may be awarded on terms and conditions established
by the compensation committee, which may include performance conditions for restricted stock awards and the lapse of restrictions
on the achievement of one or more performance goals for restricted stock units.   

The compensation committee may make performance grants, each of which will contain performance
goals for the award, including the performance criteria, the target and maximum amounts payable, and other terms and conditions.   

The 2009 Plan authorizes the granting of stock awards. The compensation committee will establish
the number of shares of our common stock to be awarded and the terms applicable to each award, including performance restrictions.   

Stock appreciation rights ( SARs ) entitle the participant to receive a distribution
in an amount not to exceed the number of shares of our common stock subject to the portion of the SAR exercised multiplied by the
difference between the market price of a share of common stock on the date of exercise of the SAR and the market price of a share
of common stock on the date of grant of the SAR.   

Duration, Amendment and Termination  

The Board has the power to amend, suspend or
terminate the 2009 Plan without stockholder approval or ratification at any time or from time to time.  No change may
be made that increases the total number of shares of our common stock reserved for issuance pursuant to incentive awards or reduces
the minimum exercise price for options or exchange of options for other incentive awards, unless such change is authorized by our
stockholders within one year. Unless sooner terminated, the 2009 Plan would terminate ten years after its adoption. 

Grants to Officers and Directors  

The Board granted 700,000 restricted stock
units to Mr. Saenz under the 2009 Plan. All of the restricted stock units have vested and been issued as follows: 233,334 shares
issued on January 15, 2012, 233,333 shares issued on January 15, 2013 and 233,333 shares issued on January 15, 2014. 

Pursuant to an Employment Agreement, we granted
Mr. Santillana 250,000 restricted stock units under the 2009 Plan, all of which have vested and been issued as follows: 83,334
shares issued on March 1, 2013, 83,333 shares issued on March 1, 2014 and 83,333 shares issued on March 1, 2015. We also granted
Mr. Santillana an option under the 2009 Plan to purchase an aggregate of 250,000 shares of our common stock, exercisable for a
term of five years at an exercise price of $0.40 per share, which option has vested. 

On May 2, 2012, the Board determined to grant
to each of its non-employee directors other than the Chairman of the Board 100,000 Restricted Stock Units under the 2009 Plan,
which were to vest in three equal instalments on each of the first three anniversaries of such director s Compensation Start
Date. The Board also determined to grant to the Chairman of the Board 300,000 Restricted Stock Units under the 2009 Plan, which
were to vest in three equal instalments on each of the first three anniversaries of his becoming Chairman of the Board. However,
such restricted stock units have not yet been granted, as we do not have sufficient shares authorized at this time for issuance
pursuant to awards under our 2009 Plan to accommodate all of such restricted stock units. 

49  

ITEM
                          12.      SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS   

The following table sets forth information
with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock known by us as of October 7, 2016 by: 

each person or entity known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our common stock;   

each of our directors;   

each of our executive officers; and   

all of our directors and executive officers as a group.   

Except as otherwise indicated, the persons
listed below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our common stock owned by them, except to the
extent such power may be shared with a spouse. Information given with respect to beneficial owners who are not officers or
directors of ours is to the best of our knowledge. Unless otherwise noted, the address of each director and executive officer
listed below is c/o Li3 Energy, Inc., Matias Cousi o 82, Of. 806, Santiago de Chile, Chile. 

Title of Class: Common Stock  

*           Indicates
less than one percent.  

(1)  Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes
having or sharing voting or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of common stock subject to options or warrants
currently exercisable or convertible, or exercisable or convertible within 60 days of October 7, 2016, are deemed outstanding
for computing the percentage of the person holding such option or warrant but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage
of any other person.   

50  

(4)  Does not include 100,000 shares of common stock issuable pursuant to restricted stock units that
the Board determined to grant under the 2009 Plan, but which have not yet been granted due to an insufficient number of shares
being authorized for issuance pursuant to awards granted under the 2009 Plan. 300,000 of such restricted stock units have vested
at October 7, 2016.   

(5)  Includes 18,375,000 shares of our common stock held by Campos Mineral Asesorias Profesionales Limitada,
an entity controlled by Mr. Campos, a director of the Company.   

(6)  Does not include 3,345,895 shares of common stock held by Celta Consultores Limitada ( Celta ).
Although Mr. Cussen owns a minority equity interest in Celta, he does not have voting or dispositive power over the securities
held by Celta and disclaims beneficial ownership thereof, except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. Does not include
300,000 shares of common stock issuable pursuant to restricted stock units that the Board determined to grant under the 2009 Plan,
but which have not yet been granted due to an insufficient number of shares being authorized for issuance pursuant to awards granted
under the 2009 Plan. All such restricted stock have vested at October 7, 2016.   

(7)  Estimate of beneficial ownership, based on information available to us. The beneficial owner
may have acquired shares held in street name, of which we are not aware.   

(8)  Because of the arrangements described in  Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Control
Persons, Rights to Nominate Directors  above, these persons may be deemed to constitute a group as defined in Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act. However, each such person (a) disclaims membership in a group and (b) disclaims beneficial ownership
of the shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by any other such person or any other person.   

Securities Authorized for Issuance under
Equity Compensation Plans  

Our Board of Directors adopted, and our stockholders
approved, the 2009 Plan on October 19, 2009. The 2009 Plan reserved a total of 5,000,000 shares of our common stock for issuance
pursuant to awards granted thereunder (3,450,000 of which have been issued and the restrictions with respect thereto have lapsed). If
an incentive award granted under the 2009 Plan expires, terminates, is unexercised or is forfeited, or if any shares are surrendered
to us in connection with an incentive award, the shares subject to such award and the surrendered shares will become available
for further awards under the 2009 Plan. As of the date hereof, we have outstanding option awards under the 2009 Plan exercisable
for an aggregate of 916,666 shares of our common stock, the options of which are fully vested. In addition, we granted a restricted
stock award under the 2009 Plan with respect to 2,500,000 shares of common stock which are fully vested and issued. We also issued
Restricted Stock Units under the 2009 Plan with respect to 950,000 shares of common stock which are fully vested and issued. Furthermore,
we have committed to grant Restricted Stock Units with respect to an aggregate of 600,000 shares; however, we do not currently
have enough shares authorized for issuance under our 2009 Plan to satisfy all of these obligations. We have not maintained
any other equity compensation plans since our inception. 

The table provided under Item 5 above contains
information with respect to the shares of common stock that may be issued under our existing equity compensation plans as of June
30, 2016. 

ITEM
                          13.      CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE   

In February 2013, we entered into an
agreement (the  Celta Agreement ) with Celta Consultores Limitada ( Celta ), for Celta to provide
consulting services with the objective of the Company entering into a joint venture agreement with a third party. Our
Chairman, Mr. Cussen, is the President of Celta. 

51  

On July
8, 2013, the Celta Agreement was amended, providing for the Company to remunerate Celta as follows:  

-  Five days after the signing of a memorandum of understanding for a potential joint venture, Celta
shall receive 2,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock, and   

-  Five days after the signing of a joint venture agreement, Celta shall receive 1,000,000 shares
of the Company s common stock.   

On
May 11, 2016, the Company agreed to issue 1,000,000 share if its common stock to Celta for consulting services provided by Celta
pursuant to the Celta Agreement. The Company s stock price on the grant date was $0.0189, and $18,900 has been recorded
as stock compensation expense in in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended June 30, 2016 in relation to
the settlement.  

Except
as disclosed herein, there have been no transactions or proposed transactions in which the amount involved exceeds $120,000
since July 1, 2015 or are currently being proposed in which any of our officers, directors, principal stockholders, or any of
their respective relatives, associates or affiliates, has, had or will have any direct or material indirect
interest.  

Director
Independence   

We are not currently subject to listing requirements of any national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation
system which has requirements that a majority of the board of directors be  independent  and, as a result, we are not
at this time required to have our Board of Directors comprised of a majority of  Independent Directors . However,
our Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Wahl is an  Independent Director  within the meaning of the rules of
the Nasdaq Stock Market. 

52  

ITEM
                          14.      PRINCIPAL
ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES   

Audit Fees  

The aggregate fees billed to us by our principal
independent public accountant for services rendered during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, are set forth in
the table below: 

(1)  Audit fees consist of fees incurred for professional services rendered for the audit of consolidated
financial statements, for reviews of our interim consolidated financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Forms 10-Q
and for services that are normally provided in connection with statutory or regulatory filings or engagements.   

(2)  Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning,
and tax advice.   

Audit Committee s Pre-Approval Practice  

In accordance with its charter, our Audit Committee
approves in advance all audit and non-audit services to be provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. During
the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, all such services were pre-approved by either our Board or our Audit Committee, in accordance
with these policies. 

Our Board selected GBH CPAs, PC as our independent
registered public accounting firm for purposes of auditing our financial statements for the year ended June 30, 2016.  In
accordance with Board s practice, GBH CPAs, PC was pre-approved by the Board to perform these audit services for us prior
to its engagement. 

53  

PART IV  

ITEM
                          15.      EXHIBITS,
FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES   

Financial Statement Schedules  

Our consolidated financial statements are listed
on the Index to Financial Statements on this annual report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1. 

All financial statement schedules are omitted
because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

Exhibits  

The following Exhibits are being filed with this Annual Report on
Form 10-K:  

Exhibit   
  Number   
       
       Description    

3.1  
       
      Articles of Incorporation of Registrant as filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on June 24, 2005 (1)   

3.2  
       
      Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of Registrant as filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on July 11, 2008 (2)   

3.3  
       
      Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of Registrant as filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on October 19, 2009 (4)   

3.4  
       
      Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of Registrant as filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on March 15, 2011 (17)   

3.5  
       
      Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant (20)   

4.1  
       
      Form of Investor A Warrant of the Registrant, issued in connection with a private placement of which several closings were held in November and December of 2009 (5)   

4.2  
       
      Form of Investor B Warrant of the Registrant, issued in connection with a private placement of which several closings were held in November and December of 2009 (5)   

4.3  
       
      Form of Warrant of the Registrant, issued in connection with a private placement of which several closings were held in June, July and September of 2010 (10)   

4.4  
       
      Form of Warrant included in the D Units sold in the Second 2010 Unit Offering (13)   

4.5 - 
       
      Form of Warrant included in the E Units sold in the Third 2010 Unit Offering (15)   

4.6  
       
      Form of Warrant included in the units issued in private placement in April and May, 2011 (16)   

4.7  
       
      Form of Warrant issued pursuant to Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of August 24, 2011, between the Registrant and POSCAN (18)   

4.8  
       
      Form of Warrant issued pursuant to the Additional Agreement to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 17, 2012, between the Registrant and POSCAN (26)   

54  

10.3  
       
      Form of Subscription Agreement between the Registrant and each subscriber in a private placement offering of units (5)   

10.12  
       
      Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of February 16, 2010, among the Registrant, Next Lithium Corp. and Next Lithium (Nevada) Corp. (7)   

10.14     
       
      Engagement Letter, dated January 7, 2010, between the Registrant and Marin Management Services, LLC (8)   

10.18  
       
      Form of Subscription Agreement between the Registrant and each subscriber in the private placement of which several closings were held in June, July and September of 2010 (10)   

10.19  
       
      Form of Registration Rights Agreement between the Registrant and the subscribers in the private placement of which several closings were held in June, July and September of 2010 (9)   

10.20  
       
      Addendum to Master Option Agreement between Lacus Minerals S.A. and the Registrant, dated as of July 30, 2010 (12)   

10.21  
       
      Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 3, 2010, among the Registrant, Pacific Road Capital A Pty. Limited, as trustee for Pacific Road Resources Fund A, Pacific Road Capital B Pty. Limited, as trustee for Pacific Road Resources Fund B, and Pacific Road Capital Management G.P. Limited, as General Partner of Pacific Road Resources Fund L.P. (11)   

10.22   
       
      Employment Services Agreement, dated as of August 11, 2010, between the Registrant and MIZ Comercializadora, S. de R.L. (12)   

10.23   
       
      Form of Restricted Stock Agreement, dated as of August 11, 2010, between the Registrant and MIZ Comercializadora, S. de R.L. (12)   

10.24  
       
      Letter Agreement between the Registrant and LW Securities, Ltd., dated November 24, 2010 (13)   

10.25  
       
      Form of Subscription Agreement between the Registrant and each Subscriber in the Second 2010 Unit Offering (13)   

10.27  
       
      Investment Agreement, dated as of December 2, 2010, between the Registrant and Centurion Private Equity, LLC (11)   

10.28  
       
      Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of December 2, 2010, between the Registrant and Centurion Private Equity, LLC (14)   

10.29  
       
      Form of Subscription Agreement between the Registrant and each Subscriber in the Third 2010 Unit Offering (15)   

10.31    
       
      Amendment No. 1 to Employment Services Agreement, dated as of December 14, 2010, between the Registrant and MIZ Comercializadora, S. de R.L. (13)   

10.32  
       
      Settlement Agreement, dated as of December 30, 2010, between the Registrant and Robert James Sedgemore (13)   

55  

56  

57  

(1)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 19, 2005 as an exhibit to the Registrant s
registration statement on Form SB-2 (SEC File No. 333-127703), which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

(2)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2008 as an exhibit to the Registrant s
current report on Form 8-K, which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

(3)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 25, 2008 as an exhibit to the Registrant s
annual report on Form 10-KSB, which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

(4)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 23, 2009 as an exhibit to the Registrant s
current report on Form 8-K, which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

(5)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 16, 2009 as an exhibit to the Registrant s
quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

(6)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 25, 2010 as an exhibit to the Registrant s
current report on Form 8-K, which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

(7)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2010 as an exhibit to the Registrant s
current report on Form 8-K, which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

(8)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 14, 2010 as an exhibit to the Registrant s
current report on Form 8-K, which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

(9)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 15, 2010 as an exhibit to the Registrant s
current report on Form 8-K, which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

(10)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 19, 2010 as an exhibit to the Registrant s
current report on Form 8-K, which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

58  

(11)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 15, 2012 as an exhibit to Amendment
No. 8 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

(12)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 4, 2010, as an exhibit to the Registrant s
annual report on Form 10-K, which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

(13)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 22, 2011, as an exhibit to the Registrant s
quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

(14)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 8, 2010, as an exhibit to the Registrant s
current report on Form 8-K, which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

(15)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 15, 2010, as an exhibit to the Registrant s
current report on Form 8-K, which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

(16)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 23, 2011, as an exhibit to the Registrant s
quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

(17)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 16, 2011, as an exhibit to the Registrant s
registration statement on Form 8-A, which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

(18)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 26, 2011 as an exhibit to the Registrant s
current report on Form 8-K, which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

(19)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 29, 2011 as an exhibit to the Registrant s
current report on Form 8-K, which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

(20)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 30, 2014, as an exhibit to the Registrant s
current report on Form 8-K,and incorporated herein by reference.   

(21)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 20, 2012 as an exhibit to the Registrant s
current report on Form 8-K, which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

(22)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 18, 2012 as an exhibit to the Registrant s
current report on Form 8-K, which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

(23)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 21, 2012 as an exhibit to the Registrant s
current report on Form 8-K, which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

(24)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 5, 2012 as an exhibit to the Registrant s
current report on Form 8-K, which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

(25)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 24, 2012 as an exhibit to the Registrant s
current report on Form 8-K, which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

(26)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 24, 2012 as an exhibit to the Registrant s
current report on Form 8-K, which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

(27)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 6, 2012 as an exhibit to Amendment
No. 2 to the Registrant s annual report on Form 10-K/A, which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

(28)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 10, 2012 as an exhibit to the Registrant s
current report on Form 8-K, which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

59  

(29)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 21, 2012 as an exhibit to the Registrant s
current report on Form 8-K, which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

(30)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 15, 2012 as an exhibit to the Registrant s
Annual Report on Form 10-K, which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

(31)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 13, 2012 as an exhibit to the Registrant s
current report on Form 8-K which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

(32)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 21, 2013 as an exhibit to the Registrant s
current report on Form 8-K which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

(33)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 1, 2013 as an exhibit to the Registrant s
current report on Form 8-K which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

(34)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 21, 2013 as an exhibit to the Registrant s
current report on Form 8-K which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

(35)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 15, 2014 as an exhibit to the Registrant s
quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

(36)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 15, 2015 as an exhibit to the Registrant s
quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

(37)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 9, 2015 as an exhibit to the Registrant s
current report on Form 8-K, which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

(38)  Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 7, 2016 as an exhibit to the Registrant s
current report on Form 8-K, which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

(39)  
      Filed
    with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 19, 2016 as an exhibit to the Registrant s current report on Form
    8-K, which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

(40)  
      Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 20, 2016 as an exhibit to the Registrant s current report on Form 8-K, which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.   

*  Filed herewith. 

This certification is being furnished and shall not be
deemed  filed  with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability
of that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange
Act, except if and to the extent that the Registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 

60  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Li3 ENERGY, INC.    

Dated:  October 7, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Luis Saenz   

Luis Saenz   

Chief Executive Officer   

(principal executive officer)   

By:  
      /s/ Luis Santillana   

Luis Santillana   

Chief Financial Officer   

(principal financial officer and principal accounting officer)   

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report
has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

SIGNATURE  
       
      TITLE  
       
      DATE   

/s/ Luis Saenz  
       
      Chief Executive Officer (principal  
       
      October 7, 2016   
 
      Luis Saenz  
       
      executive officer), and Director  

/s/ Patrick A. Cussen  
       
      Director  
       
      October 7, 2016   
 
      Patrick A. Cussen  

/s/ Patricio A. Campos  
       
      Director  
       
      October 7, 2016   
 
      Patricio A. Campos  

/s/ David G. Wahl  
       
      Director  
       
      October 7, 2016   
 
      David G. Wahl  

61  

LI3 ENERGY, INC.  

  INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

F- 1  

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm  

To the Board of Directors 

 Li3 Energy, Inc. 

 Santiago de Chile, Chile 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Li3 Energy, Inc. as of June 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations,
changes in equity, and cash flows for the years then ended. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of Li3
Energy, Inc. s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on
our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits
included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate
in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Li3 Energy, Inc., as of June 30,
2016 and 2015, and the results of its operations and cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial
statements, the Company has no source of recurring revenue; negative working capital and cash flows; and has suffered recurring
losses from operations; which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans
regarding those matters are also described in Note 3. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

/s/ GBH CPAs, PC              

GBH CPAs, PC   

www.gbhcpas.com    

Houston, Texas  

October 7, 2016 

F- 2  

LI3 ENERGY, INC.  

  Consolidated Balance Sheets  

See accompanying notes to the consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 3  

LI3 ENERGY, INC.  

  Consolidated Statements of Operations  

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 4  

Li3 ENERGY, INC.  

  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders 
Equity  

  From July 1, 2014 through June 30, 2016  

See accompanying notes
to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5  

Li3 ENERGY, INC.  

  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  

See accompanying notes to the consolidated
financial statements.  

F- 6  

Li3 ENERGY, INC.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

  For the Years Ended June 30, 2016 and 2015  

NOTE 1. ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS  

Li3 Energy, Inc. ( Li3 Energy 
or the  Company ) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on June 24, 2005. In 2009, the Company
established its business focus and strategy toward identifying and pursuing business opportunities in lithium and industrial minerals
mining in the Americas. 

Part of our strategic plan is to ensure that
Minera Li (of which the Company owns a non-controlling interest) explores and develops the existing Maricunga Project in Chile
while simultaneously identifying other synergistic opportunities with new projects with production potential that could also be
advanced in an accelerated manner, with the goal of becoming a company with valuable lithium, potassium, nitrates and other industrial
minerals properties. 

The Company s three wholly owned subsidiaries
include: Li3 Energy Peru SRL ( Li3 Peru ), a subsidiary formed in Peru to explore mining opportunities in Peru and
in South America; Alfredo Holdings, Ltd. ( Alfredo ), an exempted limited company incorporated under the laws of the
Cayman Islands; and Li3 Energy Copiap , SA ( Li3 Copiap  ), a Chilean corporation, which is a subsidiary
of Alfredo. 

Since October 22, 2014, the Company holds 40%
of the shares in Noto Energy SA ( Noto , an Argentinean corporation and a previously 100% owned subsidiary). 

On January 27, 2014, the Company entered into
a transaction with a third party, Minera Salar Blanco SpA ( MSB , previously BBL SpA), subsequent to which MSB became
the majority holder of Minera Li, holding 51% of the ownership interest. The Company retains a 49% ownership of Minera Li. Minera
Li holds 60% ownership of Sociedades Legales Mineras Litio1 a 6 de la Sierra Hoyada de Maricunga ( SLM Litio 1-6 ),
a group of six private companies (the  Maricunga Companies ), and the Cocina Mining Concessions (together with SLM
Litio 1-6, the  Maricunga Project ). 

We have generated no revenues to date and do
not anticipate generating any revenues in the near term. Our activities have been limited to capital formation, organization, acquisition
of interests in mining properties and limited exploration on the Maricunga Project, of which we currently hold a minority interest.
The Company s operations will be subject to all the risks inherent in the establishment of a developing enterprise and the
uncertainties arising from the absence of a significant operating history. We may be unable to locate exploitable quantities of
mineral resources or operate on a profitable basis, or we may fail to secure additional funding to support our operations. 

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

a. Principles of Consolidation  

The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries, Li3 Peru, Alfredo and Li3 Copiap . As a result of the Company
disposing of its controlling interest in Minera Li on January 27, 2014, the Company deconsolidated Minera Li from its consolidated
financial statements and now accounts for its remaining 49% investment in Minera Li under the equity method. On October 22, 2014,
the Company sold 60% of its shares in Noto Energy SA and now accounts for its remaining 40% investment under the equity method.
All intercompany amounts have been eliminated in consolidation. All intercompany amounts have been eliminated in consolidation. 

b. Cash and Cash Equivalents  

The Company considers all highly liquid investments
purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company had no cash equivalents at June
30, 2016 and 2015. The Company has not experienced any losses on its deposits of cash and cash equivalents. 

F- 7  

c. Investment in Minera Li  

As of January 27, 2014, the Company s
investment in Minera Li is accounted for under the equity method in accordance with ASC 323   Equity Investments and Joint
Ventures . Under the equity method, the carrying value of the investment is adjusted for the Company s share of Minera
Li earnings and losses, as well as any capital contributions to and distributions from associates. Distributions in excess of equity
method earnings are recognized as a return of investment and recorded as investing cash inflows in the accompanying consolidated
statements of cash flows. We classify operating income and losses as well as gains and impairments related to our equity investees
as a component of operating income or loss, as the Company s equity investees is an extension of our core business. 

We evaluate equity investments for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the investment may have experienced an   other-than-temporary  
decline in value. If such conditions exist, we compare the estimated fair value of the investment to its carrying value to determine
if an impairment is indicated and determines whether the impairment is   other-than-temporary   based on
an assessment of all relevant factors, including consideration of our intent and ability to retain the investment. 

d. Income Taxes  

A deferred tax asset or liability is recorded
for all temporary differences between financial and tax reporting and for net operating loss carry-forwards. Deferred tax
expense (benefit) results from the net change during the year of deferred tax assets and liabilities. 

Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation
allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will
not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the
date of enactment. 

For financial statement purposes, we recognize
the impact of an uncertain income tax position on the income tax return at the largest amount that is more-likely-than-not to be
sustained upon audit by the relevant taxing authority. An uncertain income tax position will not be recognized if it has less than
a 50% likelihood of being sustained. 

The Company recognizes interest related to
income tax matters in income tax expense and penalties related to income tax matters in general and administrative expenses. The
Company did not have any uncertain income tax positions or accrued interest included in our consolidated balance sheets at June
30, 2016, or 2015, and did not recognize any interest in its consolidated statements of operations during the years ended June 30, 2016
or 2015. During the year ended June 30, 2015, the Company reversed accrued penalties related to income tax matters of $160,000
and this reversal is recorded in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. 

e. Fair Value Measurements  

As defined in FASB ASC Topic No. 820 - 10,
fair value is the price that would be received upon the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. FASB ASC Topic No. 820 - 10 requires disclosure that establishes a framework
for measuring fair value and expands disclosure about fair value measurements. The statement requires fair value measurements be
classified and disclosed in one of the following categories: 

Level 1: Unadjusted
quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities.
The Company considers active markets as those in which transactions for the assets or liabilities occur in sufficient frequency
and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. 

Level 2: Quoted
prices in markets that are not active, or inputs which are observable, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full
term of the asset or liability. This category includes those derivative instruments that the Company values using observable market
data. Substantially all of these inputs are observable in the marketplace throughout the term of the derivative instruments, can
be derived from observable data, or supported by observable levels at which transactions are executed in the marketplace. 

F- 8  

Level 3: Measured
based on prices or valuation models that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and less observable
from objective sources (i.e. supported by little or no market activity). The Company s valuation models are primarily industry
standard models.  Level 3 instruments include derivative warrant instruments.  The Company does not have sufficient corroborating
evidence to support classifying these assets and liabilities as Level 1 or Level 2. 

As required by FASB ASC Topic No. 820 - 10,
financial assets and liabilities are classified based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.
The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment, and may
affect the valuation of the fair value of assets and liabilities and their placement within the fair value hierarchy levels. The
fair value of the Company s derivative liabilities are estimated using a modified lattice valuation model. 

f. Beneficial Conversion Feature  

If the conversion features of conventional
convertible debt provides for a rate of conversion that is below market value at issuance, this feature is characterized as a beneficial
conversion feature ( BCF ). A BCF is recorded by the Company as a debt discount. In those circumstances, the convertible
debt is recorded net of the discount related to the BCF, and the Company amortizes the discount to interest expense, over the life
of the debt.  

g. Earnings (Loss) per Share  

Basic net earnings per share amounts are computed
by dividing the net income available to Li3 Energy, Inc. shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding
over the reporting period. In periods in which the Company reports a net loss, dilutive securities are excluded from the calculation
of diluted earnings per share as the effect would be anti-dilutive. 

For the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015,
the following convertible debt, stock options and warrants to purchase shares of common stock were excluded from the computation
of diluted net income or loss per share, as the inclusion of such shares would be anti-dilutive: 

h. Foreign Currency  

The Company has determined that the functional
currency of the parent company and each of its foreign subsidiaries is U.S. Dollars. 

Foreign currency transaction gains and losses
are included in the statement of operations as other income (expense). 

i. Use of Estimates and Assumptions  

The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Management has made significant estimates related to the fair value of its mineral assets; the fair value of derivative liabilities;
stock-based payments; and contingencies. 

j. Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

There were various accounting standards and interpretations issued
recently, none of which are expected to a have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial position, operations
or cash flows. 

k. Subsequent Events  

The Company evaluated material events occurring
between the end of our fiscal year, June 30, 2016, and through the date when the consolidated financial statements were available
to be issued for disclosure consideration. 

F- 9  

NOTE 3. GOING CONCERN   

As of June 30, 2016, the Company had no source
of current revenue, a cash balance on hand of $382,054 and negative working capital of $889,214. 

The Company s current negative working
capital position is not sufficient to maintain its basic operations for at least the next 12 months. 

In the course of its development activities,
the Company has sustained and continues to sustain losses. The Company cannot predict if and when the Company may generate
profits.  In the event we identify commercial reserves of lithium or other minerals, we will require substantial additional
capital to develop those reserves and certain governmental permits to exploit such resources.  The Company expects to
finance its future operations primarily through future equity or debt financing. However, there exists substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern because there is no assurance that it will be able to obtain such capital,
through equity or debt financing, or any combination thereof, on satisfactory terms or at all. Additionally, no assurance can be
given that any such financing, if obtained, will be adequate to meet the Company s ultimate capital needs and to support
its growth. If adequate capital cannot be obtained on a timely basis and on satisfactory terms, then the Company s operations
would be materially negatively impacted. 

The Company s ability to complete additional
offerings is dependent on the state of the debt and/or equity markets at the time of any proposed offering, and such market s
reception of the Company and the offering terms. In addition, the Company s ability to complete an offering may be dependent
on the status of its exploration activities, which cannot be predicted. There is no assurance that capital in any form would be
available to the Company, and if available, on terms and conditions that are acceptable. 

These conditions raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent on
its ability to obtain the necessary rights to exploit its mineral rights; meet its financial and operational obligations, to obtain
additional financing as may be required until such time as it can generate sources of recurring revenues and to ultimately attain
profitability. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of
these uncertainties. 

NOTE 4. INVESTMENT IN MINERA LI  

The Company s equity investment at June
30, 2016 and 2015 relates to its 49% investment in Minera Li. The investment in Minera Li was consolidated prior to January 27,
2014. The activity of the investment for the period from July 1, 2014 to June 30, 2016 is as follows: 

Summarized Financial Information of Minera
Li  

Set out below is the summarized financial information
of Minera Li, which is accounted for using the equity method. The information reflects the amounts presented in the financial statements
of Minera Li adjusted for differences in accounting policies between the Company and Minera Li. Our share of income and losses
from our equity method investment in Minera Li is included in loss from Minera Li equity investment in the consolidated statements
of operations. 

F- 10  

Summarized Balance Sheets  

Summarized Statements of Operations  

NOTE 5.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

MSB   

As of June 30, 2016, MSB owned 51% of Minera
Li with Li3 retaining a 49% ownership interest. MSB is a private Chilean corporation with an objective to advance a business in
the production of lithium. MSB is controlled by a Chilean entrepreneur. 

As of June 30, 2015, the Company had received
a total of $1,220,000 of loans from MSB (of which $980,000 was received during the year ending June 30, 2015), bearing interest
of 8.5% per annum and due within 18 months from the date of receipt. On January 19, 2016, the Company entered into an additional
agreement with MSB whereby the Company and MSB agreed to offset the $1,000,000 Additional Payment MSB previously agreed to provide
to the Company against $1,000,000 of the Company s notes payable to MSB and $134,901 of accrued interest owed to MSB was
rolled into the Company s existing note payable. In addition, MSB loaned an additional $100,000 to the Company and MSB waived
the 13 shares in Minera Li which were pledged by the Company to MSB as security for its notes payable. The resulting $454,901 loan
payable and accrued interest is due on January 18, 2018, bears interest at 8.5% per annum, and is secured by 5 of the Company s
shares in Minera Li. 

The total interest accrued on the loans from
MSB as of June 30, 2016 and 2015 was $17,268 (with $134,901 of accrued interest to January 19, 2016 rolled into the note payable)
and $79,355, respectively. For the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, $74,305 and $78,307, respectively, of interest expense was
recognized in our consolidated statements of operations. 

On January 19, 2016, the Company entered into
an amendment to the Shareholders Agreement with MSB, pursuant to which the total number of directors of Minera Li was reduced from
7 to 5 and the parties agreed to allow MSB, in its capacity as majority shareholder and principal of Minera Li, to lead and carry
out negotiations with a third party to decide and execute individually on matters that previously required a special quorum under
the initial Shareholders Agreement. The amendments to the Shareholders Agreement were approved at an extraordinary shareholders
meeting of Minera Li.  

Notes Payable to Directors   

On July 31, 2015, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to Mr. Luis Saenz, the CEO of the Company,
bearing an interest rate of 3% per annum, for cash proceeds of $7,500, and due on January 31, 2016. Also on July 31, 2015,
the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to Mr. Patrick Cussen, the Company s Chairman of the Board, bearing an interest
rate of 3% per annum, for cash proceeds of $7,500, and due on January 31, 2016. On March 8, 2016, the Company issued
667,807 shares of its common stock to each of Mr. Saenz and Mr. Cussen in repayment of the principal and accrued interest of $226. 

F- 11  

On November 4, 2015, the Company issued unsecured
non-interest-bearing promissory notes to each of Mr. Patrick Cussen and Mr. Patricio Campos in the amounts of $10,000 and $15,000,
respectively. The promissory notes were repaid on February 9, 2016. 

NOTE 6. NOTES PAYABLE  

On January 29, 2016, the Company executed a
non-binding letter of intent ( LOI ) with Wealth Minerals Ltd ( Wealth ) for a transaction between the companies
and on signing the LOI, the Company received a payment of $50,000 from Wealth which was recorded as notes payable in the consolidated
balance sheet. On March 22, 2016, the parties extended the LOI for an additional 60 days and on April 29, 2016, the Company received
a further payment of $150,000 from Wealth, also recorded as notes payable in the consolidated balance sheet. 

If the transaction is completed, the
payments from Wealth will remain a non-interest bearing shareholder loan. If the transaction is terminated by Li3, the
Company is required to repay the amounts within 30 days. If the transaction is terminated by Wealth, the payments will be
converted into common shares of Li3 at a price equal to the greater of $0.02 per share or the 10-day volume weighted
average price of the common shares of Li3 as quoted on the OTCBB. 

NOTE 7. CONVERTIBLE NOTES PAYABLE  

2015 Convertible Notes  

On December 8, 2015, the Company issued $57,500
of promissory notes to third parties for cash proceeds of $52,500 (the  2015 Convertible Notes ), convertible at a
price equal to 55% of the lowest daily trading prices of the Company s common stock for the last 25 trading days prior to
conversion, and bearing interest at 10% per annum. The notes were due and payable on December 8, 2016, however were repaid in May
2016 for a total of $86,317 including accrued interest of $2,417 and prepayment penalty amount of $26,401. 

The Company determined that the convertible
notes contained embedded derivative instruments as the conversion prices were based on a variable that was not an input to the
fair value of a  fixed-for-fixed  option as defined under FASB ASC Topic No. 815 - 40. The fair values of the convertible
notes were recognized as derivative instruments at issuance and measured at fair value at each reporting period. The Company determined
that the fair value of the derivatives was $131,884 at the issuance date. As the proceeds from the debt at issuance was $52,500,
an initial loss of $79,384 was recognized and recorded to change in fair value of derivative liabilities during the year ended
June 30, 2016 and a $52,500 debt discount was recorded. 

The Company determined the fair values of the
embedded derivatives on the grant dates using the modified lattice valuation model with the following assumptions: stock price
on the measurement date of $0.025 per share, term of 1 year, expected volatility of 156%, and a discount rate of 0.15%. 

Upon repayment of the convertible notes, the
Company reclassified the fair value of the embedded conversion feature derivative liability to gain on debt extinguishment in its
consolidated statement of operations and fully amortized the unamortized debt discount of $32,294. 

Upon repayment of the convertible notes payable,
the Company recorded a gain on debt extinguishment of $51,656 as follows: 

Gain on debt extinguishment  

F- 12  

2016 Convertible Notes  

During May, 2016, the Company issued unsecured
convertible promissory notes to various individuals for aggregate proceeds of $525,000, bearing an interest rate of 10% per annum,
due 12 months from the date of issuance and convertible at a price of $0.0125 per share. The Company assessed the embedded
conversion feature and determined that the intrinsic value of the beneficial conversion feature at inception exceeded the face
value of this note and accordingly recorded at beneficial conversion feature of $395,200. Such beneficial conversion feature was
accounted for as a debt discount, which is amortized to interest expense over the life of the note. During the year ended June
30, 2016, the Company recorded amortization of debt discount and interest expense of $46,119 and $6,212, respectively, on these
convertible notes. Total unamortized debt discount and interest accrued on the loans as of June 30, 2016 was $349,081 and $6,212,
respectively. 

NOTE 8. DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES  

Warrants   

The Company determined that certain warrants
that the Company issued contained provisions that protected holders from future issuances of the Company s common stock at
prices below such warrants  respective exercise prices and these provisions could have resulted in modification of the warrants
exercise price based on a variable that was not an input to the fair value of a  fixed-for-fixed  option as defined
under FASB ASC Topic No. 815 - 40. As at June 30, 2016, all derivative warrant instruments had expired. 

Activity for derivative warrant instruments
during the years ended June 30, 2015 and 2016 was as follows: 

The following is a summary of the assumptions
used in the modified lattice valuation model as of June 30, 2015. 

F- 13  

(1)  The market value of common stock is the stock price at the close of trading at year-end, as applicable.   

(2)  The risk-free interest rate was determined by management using the 0.5 or 1-year Treasury Bill
as of the respective offering or measurement date.   

(3)  The historical trading volatility was determined by the Company s trading history.   

(4)  Management determined the dividend yield to be -0-% based upon its expectation that it will not
pay dividends for the foreseeable future.   

(5)  Management estimates the Company will have at least one stock offering per year over the next five
years.   

(6)  Management has determined that the probability of a stock offering is 100% during the next year.   

(7)  Management estimates that the percentage of existing shares offered in a stock offering will be
between 21% of the shares outstanding.   

(8)  Represents the estimated offering price in future offerings as determined by management.   

Embedded Derivative Instruments   

The Company determined that the 2015 Convertible
Notes contained an embedded derivative instrument as the conversion price was based on a variable that was not an input to the
fair value of a  fixed-for-fixed  option as defined under FASB ASC Topic No. 815   40. The fair value of the
derivatives was recognized as a derivative instrument at issuance and measured at fair value at each reporting period. The Company
repaid the 2015 convertible notes during the year ended June 30, 2016. 

The following is a summary of the assumptions
used in the modified lattice valuation model as of the issuance date of December 8, 2015: 

F- 14  

(1)  The market value of common stock is the stock price at the close of trading on the date of issuance or at period-end, as applicable.   

(2)  The risk-free interest rate was determined by management using the 1 year Treasury Bill as of the respective offering or measurement
date.   

(3)  The historical trading volatility was determined by the Company s trading history.   

(4)  Management determined the dividend yield to be -0-% based upon its expectation that it will not pay dividends for the foreseeable
future.   

(5)  Management estimates the Company will have at least one stock offering in the next year.   

(6)  Management estimates that the probability of a stock offering is 100% during the next year.   

(7)  Management estimates that the range of percentages of existing shares offered in each stock offering will be 14% of the shares
outstanding.   

(8)  Represents the estimated offering price range in future offerings as determined by management.   

Activity for embedded derivative instruments during the year ended
June 30, 2016 was as follows: 

NOTE 9. STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  

Common Stock Issued to Satisfy Obligations
and Issued for Services   

Year Ended June 30, 2016  

During the year ended June 30, 2016, the Company
issued 5,819,885 shares of common stock to satisfy $96,160 of obligations owed to third parties. The shares were issued to satisfy
liabilities owed to third parties. In connection with the issuance of these shares, the Company recorded stock-based compensation
of $3,310 for the difference between the grant date fair value of the common stock issued and the obligations which were owed to
third parties. 

During the year ended June 30, 2016, the
Company issued 12,213,936 shares of common stock to satisfy $194,402 of obligations. The shares were issued to satisfy
various liabilities owed to related parties, including the CEO, CFO and directors of the Company. In connection with the
issuance of these shares, the Company recorded stock-based compensation of $31,786 for the difference between the grant date
fair value of the common stock issued and the obligations which were owed to the related parties. 

F- 15  

Year Ended June 30, 2015  

During the year ended June 30, 2015, the
Company issued 14,970,060 shares of common stock to satisfy in full $808,438 of registration rights penalties owed to certain
investors. 

During the year ended June 30, 2015, the
Company issued 13,928,999 shares of common stock as consideration to satisfy $238,499 of obligations. The shares were issued
to satisfy liabilities owed to related parties, including the CEO, CFO and directors of the Company. 

On April 9, 2015, in consideration of employment
agreements with the Company s CEO and CFO, the Company issued in aggregate 13,214,286 shares of common stock of the Company
to its CEO and CFO with a grant date fair value of $185,000. 

Restricted Stock Units   

The Company committed to grant restricted stock
units with respect to an aggregate of 600,000 shares to members of its Board of Directors, with such restricted stock units to
vest over a period of three years starting from the later of July 1, 2011 and the initial date of the applicable director s
substantial involvement with the Board s activities. However, the Company does not currently have enough shares authorized
for issuance under our 2009 Plan to satisfy all of these obligations. The Company recorded compensation expense of $176 and $5,361
during the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, in relation to the restricted stock units to be granted to its directors. 

Stock Option Awards   

There were no stock options issued during the
years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015. A summary of stock option activity is presented in the table below: 

As of June 30, 2016, all of the stock options have vested. On August
11, 2016, a further 333,334 stock options expired unexercised. 

F- 16  

Warrants   

Summary information regarding common stock
warrants outstanding is as follows: 

Warrants outstanding as of June 30, 2016 are
as follows: 

The warrants outstanding at June 30, 2016 had
no intrinsic value. 

NOTE 10. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS  

The following table sets forth, by level within
the fair value hierarchy, the Company s derivative liabilities that were accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis: 

The following table sets forth a reconciliation
of changes in the fair value of financial liabilities classified as level 3 in the fair value hierarchy: 

NOTE 11. INCOME TAXES  

The Company files a U.S. federal income tax return.  The
Company s foreign subsidiaries file income tax returns in their jurisdictions. 

F- 17  

The components of the consolidated taxable net loss are as
follows for the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015: 

The components of the Company s deferred tax assets at June
30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows:  

The following table provides reconciliation
between income taxes computed at the federal statutory rate and our provision for income taxes for the years ended June 30, 2016
and 2015: 

Unless previously utilized, $16,328,657 of
federal tax loss carry-forwards will begin to expire in 2031 and $11,523,004 foreign loss can be carried forward indefinitely. Federal
tax laws limit the time during which the net operating loss carry-forwards may be applied against future taxes, and if the Company
fails to generate taxable income prior to the expiration dates it may not be able to fully utilize the net operating loss carry-forwards
to reduce future income taxes. As the Company has had cumulative losses and there is no assurance of future taxable income, valuation
allowances have been recorded to fully offset the deferred tax asset at June 30, 2016 and 2015. 

NOTE 12.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

Employment Services Agreements  

On April 8, 2015, the Company entered into
Amendment No. 1 (the  Saenz Amendment 1 ) to the Employment Agreement with its CEO (the  CEO Employment Agreement ).
Pursuant to the Saenz Amendment 1, the CEO s employment term would terminate on December 31, 2015 unless the parties agreed
in writing to extend the term prior to that date. On March 4, 2016, the Company entered into Amendment No. 2 (the  Saenz
Amendment 2 ) to the CEO Employment Agreement with its CEO whereby the term of the CEO s employment was extended to
March 31, 2016 and thereafter would terminate unless renewed at the sole discretion of the Chairman of the Board. The Saenz Amendment
2 provides that commencing January 1, 2016, the base salary of the CEO will be paid in shares of common stock of the Company. The
CEO s employment has been subsequently extended to September 30, 2016. 

The CEO was paid a base salary of $10,416 per
month for the period April 1, 2015 to June 30, 2015 (reduced from $20,833 per month) and $5,208 per month for the period from July
1, 2015 to June 30, 2016. The Saenz Amendment 1 also provides additional compensation upon certain change of control events and
such provision was subsequently deleted in Saenz Amendment 2. In consideration of the Saenz Amendment 1, the Company issued the
CEO 8,928,571 shares of common stock of the Company valued at $125,000 and recorded as stock compensation expense within general
and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 

F- 18  

Mr. Saenz s employment by us remains
 at-will  and terminable at any time for any reason or for no reason. If Mr. Saenz s employment is terminated
by us without Cause, we must continue to pay him any base salary at the rate then in effect for a period of 18 months. If
we terminate Mr. Saenz s employment without Cause, or in connection with a Change of Control (as defined in the CEO Employment
Agreement), or if Mr. Saenz terminates the CEO Employment Agreement for Good Reason, or in the event of a termination of employment
due to a permanent disability, we will continue to pay him any base salary at the rate then in effect until the termination date. 

On April 8, 2015, the Company entered into
Amendment No. 1 (the  Santillana Amendment 1 ) to the Employment Agreement with its CFO (the  CFO Employment
Agreement ), dated as of December 1, 2011 (as amended on April 10, 2012). Pursuant to the Santillana Amendment 1, the CFO s
term would terminate on December 31, 2015 unless the parties agreed in writing to extend the term prior to that date. On March
4, 2016, the Company entered into Amendment No. 2 (the  Santillana Amendment 2 ) to the CFO Employment Agreement with
its CFO whereby the term of the CFO s employment was extended to March 31, 2016 and thereafter would terminate unless renewed
at the sole discretion of the Chairman of the Board. The Santillana Amendment 2 states that commencing January 1, 2016, the base
salary of the CFO will be paid in shares of common stock of the Company. The CFO s employment has been subsequently extended
to September 30, 2016. 

The CFO was paid a base salary of $7,708 per
month for the period April 1, 2015 to June 30, 2015 (reduced from $15,417 per month) and a base salary of $3,980 per month for
the period from July 1, 2015 to June 30, 2016. The Santillana Amendment 1 also provides additional compensation upon certain change
of control events and such provision was subsequently deleted in Santillana Amendment 2. In consideration of the Santillana Amendment
1, the Company issued the CFO 4,285,715 shares of common stock of the Company valued at $60,000 and recorded as stock compensation
expense within general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Mr. Santillana s employment by us is
 at-will  and terminable at any time for any reason or for no reason. If Mr. Santillana s employment is terminated
by us without Cause or in connection with a Change of Control (as such terms are defined in the CFO Employment Agreement) or if
he terminates the CFO Employment Agreement for Good Reason (as defined in the CFO Employment Agreement), his options will expire
nine months after such termination. If we terminate Mr. Santillana s employment without Cause, or in connection with a Change
of Control, or if Mr. Santillana terminates his employment for Good Reason, or in the event of a termination of employment due
to a permanent disability, we will continue to pay Mr. Santillana his base salary at the rate then in effect for until the termination
date. 

NOTE 13.  SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

On July 20, 2016, MSB entered into an agreement with Lithium Power International Limited ( LPI ), an Australian company, regarding a joint
venture to explore and develop the Maricunga Project in accordance with a term sheet dated July 14, 2016. On August 30, 2016, the
Company entered into an agreement with MSB, pursuant to which, the Company and MSB, as the current shareholders of Minera Li, unanimously
agreed to approve the transactions contemplated by the term sheet (the  Transaction ). 

As part of the Transaction, Mineral Li and
MSB will contribute their Maricunga lithium brine assets to a new joint venture (the  Maricunga JV ) and LPI will
contribute $27.5 million in cash to the Maricunga JV to cover exploration and development costs for the next 2.5 years until the
completion of a definitive feasibility study in late 2018. Following the completion of the Transaction, the Company will own a
direct 17.67% equity interest of the Maricunga JV, with LPI and MSB owning 50.0% and 32.34%, respectively. The Company will be
entitled to appoint one director of the Maricunga JV (so long as it holds at least 10% of the equity interests of the joint venture),
with LPI and MSB holding three and two director seats, respectively. 

On September 1, 2016, LPI announced that it
had satisfactorily completed the legal and technical due diligence regarding the Maricunga JV.  

F- 19  

<EX-21.1>
 2
 v448999_ex21-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

EXHIBIT 21.1  

LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES  

1.  Li3 Energy Peru SRL, a private limited company organized under the laws of Peru;   

2.  Alfredo Holdings, Ltd., an exempted limited company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands;   

3.  Li3 Energy Copiap , S.A., a Chilean corporation which is a subsidiary of Alfredo Holdings,
Ltd.; and   

4.  Noto Energy S.A., an Argentinean corporation.   

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 v448999_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

  PURSUANT TO RULE 13A- 14(A) AND 15(D) - 14(A)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,  

  AS AMENDED, AS ADOPTED  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I, Luis Saenz, certify that: 

1.           I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Li3 Energy, Inc. 

2.           Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.           Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.           The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have; 

(a)           Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)           Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)           Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)         
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
and 

5.           The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)         
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)     
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:  October 7, 2016  
      /s/ Luis Saenz   

Luis Saenz   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 v448999_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

  PURSUANT TO RULE 13A - 14(A) AND 15(D) -
14(A) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,  

  AS AMENDED, AS ADOPTED  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I, Luis Santillana, certify that: 

1.           I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Li3 Energy, Inc. 

2.           Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.           Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.           The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have; 

(a)           Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)           Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)           Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)           
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
and 

5.           The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)           
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)           Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:  October 7, 2016  
      /s/ Luis Santillana   

Luis Santillana   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 v448999_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

CERTIFICATION  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

In connection with the Annual Report of Li3
Energy, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Luis Saenz, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that; 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Date:  October 7, 2016  
       
      /s/ Luis Saenz   

Luis Saenz   

Chief Executive Officer  
 (Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 v448999_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2  

CERTIFICATION  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

In connection with the Annual Report of Li3
Energy, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Luis Santillana, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that; 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Date:  October 7, 2016  
       
      /s/ Luis Santillana   

Luis Santillana   

Chief Financial Officer  
 (Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 lieg-20160630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 lieg-20160630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 lieg-20160630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 lieg-20160630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 lieg-20160630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 lieg-20160630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

