<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161027_10-Q_edgar_data_716006_0000716006-16-000059_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4011934</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>87045</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>212494</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1524473</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1504154</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>575575</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>34</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000716006-16-000059.hdr.sgml : 20161027
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161027161852
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000716006-16-000059
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		46
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161027
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161027

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			YRC Worldwide Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000716006
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TRUCKING (NO LOCAL) [4213]
		IRS NUMBER:				480948788
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-12255
		FILM NUMBER:		161955756

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10990 ROE AVENUE
		CITY:			OVERLAND PARK
		STATE:			KS
		ZIP:			66211
		BUSINESS PHONE:		913-696-6100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10990 ROE AVENUE
		CITY:			OVERLAND PARK
		STATE:			KS
		ZIP:			66211

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	YRC WORLDWIDE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060103

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	YELLOW ROADWAY CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20031212

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	YELLOW CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930506

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000716006-16-000059.txt : 20161027

10-Q
 1
 yrcw-2016930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR 

For the transition period from                     to                     
  Commission file number: 0-12255 

YRC Worldwide Inc. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(913) 696-6100 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
  None 
  (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No    o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No    o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.    
                           Large accelerated filer 
      
    o 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
      
    o    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
      
    Smaller reporting company 
      
    o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).     
  Yes    o      No      
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.    

Table of Contents  

INDEX 

2 

Table of Contents  

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1.     Financial Statements 
   
    CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  YRC Worldwide Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  (Amounts in millions except share and per share data)    
   
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  YRC Worldwide Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30    
  (Amounts in millions except per share data, shares in thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
  
   4 

Table of Contents  

STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOWS 
  YRC Worldwide Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  For the Nine Months Ended September 30    
  (Amounts in millions) 
  (Unaudited)    

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  

STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED SHAREHOLDERS  DEFICIT 
  YRC Worldwide Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016    
  (Amounts in millions) 
  (Unaudited) 
    
                     Preferred Stock: 
      
      Beginning and ending balance 
    $ 

Common Stock: 
      
      Beginning and ending balance 
    $ 
    0.3 
      
      Capital Surplus: 
      
      Beginning balance 
    $ 
    2,312.6 
      
      Equity-based compensation 
    5.3 
      
      Ending balance 
    $ 
    2,317.9 
      
      Accumulated Deficit: 
      
      Beginning balance 
    $ 
    (2,239.3 
    ) 
      Net income 
    29.0 
      
      Ending balance 
    $ 
    (2,210.3 
    ) 
      Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss: 
      
      Beginning balance 
    $ 
    (360.3 
    ) 
      Reclassification of net pension actuarial losses to net income, net of tax 
    10.3 
      
      Foreign currency translation adjustments 
    3.0 
      
      Reclassification of foreign currency translation gains to net income 
    (10.4 
    ) 
      Ending balance 
    $ 
    (357.4 
    ) 
      Treasury Stock, At Cost: 
      
      Beginning and ending balance 
    $ 
    (92.7 
    ) 
      Total Shareholders  Deficit 
    $ 
    (342.2 
    ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
  
   6 

Table of Contents  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
  YRC Worldwide Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  (Unaudited) 
    
  Certain of these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contain forward-looking statements, as described in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.  

1. Description of Business 
    
  YRC Worldwide Inc. (also referred to as  YRC Worldwide,  the  Company,   we,   us  or  our ) is a holding company that, through wholly owned operating subsidiaries, offers its customers a wide range of transportation services. We have one of the largest, most comprehensive less-than-truckload ( LTL ) networks in North America with local, regional, national and international capabilities. Through our team of experienced service professionals, we offer expertise in LTL shipments and flexible supply chain solutions, ensuring customers can ship industrial, commercial and retail goods with confidence. Our reporting segments include the following:  

YRC Freight is the reporting segment that focuses on longer haul business opportunities with national, regional and international services. YRC Freight provides for the movement of industrial, commercial and retail goods, primarily through centralized management. This reporting segment includes YRC Inc. ( YRC Freight ), a U.S. LTL subsidiary, and Reimer Express ( YRC Reimer ), a subsidiary located in Canada that specializes in shipments into, across and out of Canada. In addition to the United States and Canada, YRC Freight also serves parts of Mexico, Puerto Rico and Guam. 

Regional Transportation is the reporting segment for our transportation service providers focused on business opportunities in the regional and next-day delivery markets. Regional Transportation is comprised of USF Holland LLC ( Holland ), New Penn Motor Express LLC ( New Penn ) and USF Reddaway Inc. ( Reddaway ). These companies each provide regional, next-day ground services in their respective regions through a network of facilities located across the United States, Canada, Mexico and Puerto Rico. 
       
  At   September 30, 2016  , approximately   78%   of our labor force is subject to collective bargaining agreements, which predominantly expire in March 2019. 

2. Principles of Consolidation 
    
  The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of YRC Worldwide and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. We report on a calendar year basis. The quarters of the Regional Transportation companies (with the exception of New Penn) consist of thirteen weeks that end on a Saturday either before or after the end of March, June and September, whereas all other operating segment quarters end on the natural calendar quarter end. For ease of reference, the calendar quarter end dates are used herein. Our investment in our Chinese joint venture, a non-majority owned affiliate, was sold in March 2016 and was accounted for on the equity method.   
    
  We make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. We have prepared the Consolidated Financial Statements, without audit, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). In our opinion, we have made all normal recurring adjustments necessary for a fair statement of the financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the interim periods included in these financial statements. Certain information and note disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) have been condensed or omitted from these statements pursuant to SEC rules and regulations. Accordingly, the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  
  
   7 

     Table of Contents  

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
    
  The following table summarizes the fair value hierarchy of our financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value on a recurring basis as of   September 30, 2016  : 

Fair Value Measurement Hierarchy 
      (in millions) 
    Total Carrying 
  Value 
      
    Quoted prices 
  in active market 
  (Level 1) 
      
    Significant 
  other 
  observable 
  inputs (Level 2) 
      
    Significant 
  unobservable 
  inputs 
  (Level 3) 
      Restricted amounts held in escrow-current 
    $ 
    43.0 

$ 
    43.0 

$ 

$ 

Total assets at fair value 
    $ 
    43.0 

$ 
    43.0 

$ 

$ 

Restricted amounts held in escrow are invested in money market accounts and are recorded at fair value based on quoted market prices. The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate their fair value due to the short-term nature of these instruments. 
    
  Equity Method Investment 
    
  On October 23, 2015, the Company entered into a sale and purchase agreement to sell its   fifty   percent equity interest in its Chinese joint venture, JHJ International Transportation Co., Ltd. ( JHJ ), for a purchase price of   $16.3 million  , which subsequently closed on March 30, 2016.  At closing, we received proceeds of   $16.3 million   and paid transaction fees of   $1.7 million  . As of March 30, 2016, the carrying value of the investment was   $22.7 million   with an offsetting cumulative foreign translation adjustment of   $10.4 million  , resulting in a net gain on the transaction of   $2.3 million  .  The gain on the transaction is included in  Nonoperating expenses - Other, net  in the accompanying statement of consolidated comprehensive income for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  
    
  Reclassifications Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
    
  For the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we reclassified the amortization of our net pension loss totaling   $3.5 million   and   $10.3 million  , respectively, net of tax, from accumulated other comprehensive loss to net income. For the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  , we reclassified the amortization of our net pension loss totaling   $4.0 million   and   $12.0 million   respectively, net of tax, from accumulated other comprehensive loss to net income. This reclassification is a component of net periodic pension cost and is discussed in the  Employee Benefits  footnote. 
    
  Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
    
  In March 2016, the   Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB )   issued   Accounting Standards Update ( ASU )   2016-09,   Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  ,     which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions including the accounting for income taxes, statutory tax withholding requirements, and classification of related amounts within the statement of cash flows. The new standard will become effective for the Company beginning with the first quarter of 2017, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impacts the adoption of this accounting guidance will have on the consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases  , which requires lessees to recognize most leases, including operating leases, on-balance sheet via a right-of-use asset, and lease liability. Lessees are permitted to make an accounting policy election to not recognize an asset or liability for leases with a term of 12 months or fewer. Additional qualitative and quantitative disclosures will be required.  The new standard will be effective for the Company for its annual reporting period beginning January 1, 2019, including interim periods within that reporting period. Early application is permitted. The ASU requires a modified retrospective transition, which means the Company will be required to apply the new guidance at the beginning of the earliest period presented in the financial statements; however, companies may elect to apply certain practical expedients on transition.  The Company is currently evaluating the impacts of this new standard to its consolidated balance sheets, results of operations and related disclosures. 
    
  In  August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14,    Revenue from Contracts with Customers, Deferral of the Effective date  , which defers the effective date of ASU 2014-9,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  .  The new standard will supersede much of the previous requirements in ASU-605,   Revenue Recognition   and most industry specific guidance and introduces a five-step model to determine when and how revenue is recognized. The premise of the new model is that an entity recognizes revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new standard will be effective for the Company for its annual reporting  
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

period beginning January 1, 2018, including interim periods within that reporting period. Early application is permitted for annual periods beginning January 1, 2017. Entities are allowed to transition to the new standard by either recasting prior periods or recognizing the cumulative effect. The Company continues to assess the method of application and impact, if any, on our consolidated balance sheets, results of operations and related disclosures. 
    
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,   Interest - Imputation of Interest  , which required debt issue costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with the accounting treatment for debt discounts.  The Company adopted the standard as of January 1, 2016 and applied it retrospectively. The December 31, 2015 consolidated balance sheet was adjusted to reflect the reclassification of   $15.2 million   in debt issuance costs from  Other assets  to  Long-term debt, less current portion.   There was no other impact as a result of the adoption of this standard. 

3. Debt and Financing 
    
  Our outstanding debt as of   September 30, 2016   consisted of the following: 

(a)    Variable interest rate of 1, 3 or 6-month LIBOR, with a floor of   1.0%   plus a fixed margin of   7.0%  .  
    
  ABL Facility Amendment 
    
  On June 28, 2016, the Company entered into Amendment No. 2 to the asset based loan facility (the  ABL Facility ), which amended several key terms, to include: (1) a   50   bps reduction in interest spread from LIBOR plus   2.25%  , to LIBOR plus   1.75%  , (2) the option to extend maturity from February 13, 2019 to June 28, 2021, subject to the refinancing, replacement or extension beyond June 28, 2021 of the credit agreement (the  Term Loan Agreement ) governing our term loan facility (the  Term Loan ), and (3) increased flexibility to manage and optimize the amount of cash included in the borrowing base by (i) providing the Company more flexibility as to the timing of testing the eligible borrowing base cash and (ii) reducing the availability limits under our ABL Facility to   10%   of the collateral line cap from   15%  .  
    
  ABL Facility Availability 
    
  Our principal sources of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents, available borrowings under our ABL Facility and net cash flow from operations.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had cash and cash equivalents of   $276.4 million   and the borrowing base and maximum availability on our ABL Facility were   $412.6 million   and   $55.0 million  , respectively. The maximum availability is calculated in accordance with the terms of the ABL Facility and is derived by reducing the borrowing base by our   $357.6 million   of outstanding letters of credit.  While our ABL Agreement permits us to access maximum availability subject to certain financial covenant restrictions (which restrictions did not limit our availability as of   September 30, 2016  ), the maximum amount we expect to access on our ABL Facility at any time is maximum availability less the lower of 10% of the borrowing base (  $41.3 million   at   September 30, 2016  ) or 10% of the facility size (  $45.0 million   at   September 30, 2016  ).  Thus, of the   $55.0 million   in maximum availability, we expected to access no more than   $13.7 million   as of   September 30, 2016   ( Managed Accessibility ).  As a result, we had cash and cash equivalents and Managed Accessibility of   $290.1 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

Credit Facility Covenants 
    
  The Term Loan Agreement governing our Term Loan has certain financial covenants, as amended in September 2014, that, among other things, restricts certain capital expenditures and requires us to not exceed a maximum total leverage ratio (defined as Consolidated Total Debt divided by Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, each as defined below). 
    
  Our total maximum leverage ratio covenants are as follows: 

Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, defined in our Term Loan Agreement as  Consolidated EBITDA,  is a measure that reflects our earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization expense, and is further adjusted for, among other things, letter of credit fees, equity-based compensation expense, net gains or losses on property disposals, restructuring professional fees, non-recurring consulting fees, expenses associated with certain lump sum payments to our International Brotherhood of Teamsters ( IBT ) employees and the gains or losses from permitted dispositions and discontinued operations.  Consolidated Total Debt, as defined in our Term Loan Agreement, is the aggregate principal amount of indebtedness outstanding.  Our total leverage ratio for the four consecutive fiscal quarters ending   September 30, 2016   was   3.45   to 1.00.  
    
  To maintain compliance with the maximum total leverage ratio over the tenor of the Term Loan and satisfy our liquidity needs, we would have to achieve operating results that reflect significant improvement over our third quarter 2016 results. Means for improving our profitability may include ongoing successful implementation and realization of pricing, productivity and efficiency initiatives, as well as increased volume, some of which are outside of our control.    
    
  Although we are currently in compliance with the maximum total leverage ratio covenant under our Term Loan Agreement, the covenant levels tighten in the coming quarters. Our internal forecasts currently indicate that, absent one or more specific actions as described below, we could fail to comply with this covenant in one or more quarters over the next 12 months.  As a result, we may decide to pay down a sufficient amount of the Term Loan to comply with the covenant.  We currently believe that the results of our operations will be sufficient to allow us to make such payments and fund our operations for the next twelve months.  However, we may also be required to pursue certain actions, including but not limited to reducing capital expenditures, curtailing actions relating to our planned revenue growth and/or seeking other cost reductions.  Some of those actions might adversely affect our operations and financial performance over the long-term.   
  Alternatively, we may seek an amendment to the Term Loan that would modify the covenant or pursue some other corporate finance transaction that would reduce our total leverage so that we would remain in compliance.  There can be no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining such relief. 
  Fair Value Measurement 
    
  The book value and estimated fair values of our long-term debt, including current maturities and other financial instruments, are summarized as follows: 

The fair values of the Term Loan and the Secured and Unsecured Second Amended and Restated Contribution Deferral Agreement (the  Second A R CDA ) were estimated based on observable prices (level two inputs for fair value measurements). The fair value of the lease financing obligations is estimated using a publicly traded secured loan with similar characteristics (level three input for fair value measurement). 
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  

Leases 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , our operating lease payment obligations through   2030   totaled   $323.8 million   and are expected to increase as we lease additional revenue equipment.  Additionally, for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we entered into new operating leases for revenue equipment totaling   $95.2 million   in future lease payments, payable over an average lease term of   five   years.  
    
  Our capital expenditures for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   were   $75.4 million   and   $71.8 million  , respectively. These amounts were principally used to pay capitalized costs for technology infrastructure, to refurbish engines for our revenue fleet, and to fund the purchase of used tractors and trailers. 

4. Employee Benefits 
    
  Qualified and Nonqualified Defined Benefit Pension Plans 
    
  The following table presents the components of our Company-sponsored pension costs for the   three and nine months   ended   September 30  : 

We expect to contribute   $45.4 million   to our Company-sponsored pension plans in   2016   of which we have contributed   $33.1 million   through   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Performance Incentive Awards 
    
  The Company granted performance stock units in February 2016 that, to the extent earned based on company performance, will be settled in cash as the stock units vest equally over the next three years, with the first vesting occurring in February 2017. The awards are liability classified and remeasured to fair value at each reporting date until settlement. 

5. Income Taxes 
    
  Our effective tax rate for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   was   3.5%   and   10.5%  , compared to   25.3%   and   30.1%   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The significant items impacting the   2016   rate include a provision for federal alternative minimum tax, a refund from a prior year amended return, a net state and foreign tax provision, certain permanent items, and a change in the valuation allowance established for the net deferred tax asset balance projected for   December 31, 2016  .  The significant items impacting the   2015   rate include a net state and foreign tax provision, certain permanent items, and a change in the valuation allowance established for the net deferred tax asset balance that had been projected for   December 31, 2015  .  We recognize valuation allowances on deferred tax assets if, based on the weight of the evidence, we determine it is more likely than not such assets will not be realized. Changes in valuation allowances are included in our tax provision in the period of change. In determining whether a valuation allowance is warranted, we evaluate factors such as prior years  earnings history, expected future earnings, loss carry-back and carry-forward periods, reversals of existing deferred tax liabilities and tax planning strategies that potentially enhance the likelihood of the realization of a deferred tax asset.  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , substantially all of our net deferred tax assets were subject to a valuation allowance. 

11 

Table of Contents  

6. Shareholders  Deficit 
    
  The following reflects the activity in the shares of our common stock for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  : 

7. Earnings Per Share 
    
  We calculate basic earnings per share by dividing our net earnings by our weighted-average shares outstanding at the end of the period.  The calculation for diluted earnings per share adjusts the weighted average shares outstanding for our dilutive unvested shares and stock units using the treasury stock method and for our convertible notes using the if-converted method. Our calculations for basic and dilutive earnings per share for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   are as follows: 

(a)    Earnings per share is based on unrounded figures and not the rounded figures presented. 

At   September 30  ,   2016   and   2015  , our anti-dilutive unvested shares, options, and stock units were approximately   213,000   and   264,000  , respectively. 

8. Business Segments 
    
  We report financial and descriptive information about our reporting segments on a basis consistent with that used internally for evaluating segment performance and allocating resources to segments. We evaluate segment performance primarily on external revenue, operating income (loss), and operating ratio. 
    
  We charge management fees and other corporate service fees to our reporting segments based on the benefits received or an overhead allocation basis. Corporate and other operating losses represent residual operating expenses of the holding company. Corporate identifiable assets primarily consist of cash and cash equivalents. Intersegment revenue primarily relates to transportation services between our segments. 

12 

     Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes our operations by business segment: 

9. Commitments, Contingencies and Uncertainties 
    
  California Labor Law Change 
    
  In October 2015, California adopted new rules governing the payment of piece-rate compensation. New California Labor Code section 226.2 sets forth requirements for the payment of a separate hourly wage for  nonproductive  time worked by piece-rate employees, and separate payment for compensable rest and recovery periods to those employees. The Company continues to assess the impact of this new law and ongoing compliance measures. We believe the possible loss or range of loss is inconsequential to our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Other Legal Matters 
    
  We are involved in litigation or proceedings that arise in ordinary business activities. When possible, we insure against these risks to the extent we deem prudent, but no assurance can be given that the nature or amount of such insurance will be sufficient to fully indemnify us against liabilities arising out of pending and future legal proceedings. Many of these insurance policies contain self-insured retentions in amounts we deem prudent. Based on our current assessment of information available as of the date of these consolidated financial statements, we believe that our consolidated financial statements include adequate provisions for estimated costs and losses that may be incurred within the litigation and proceedings to which we are a party. 

13 

Table of Contents  

Item 2.     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
  Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
    
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ( MD A ) should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included  elsewhere in this report. This report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ( Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements include those preceded by, followed by or characterized by words such as  will,   expect,   intend,   anticipate,   believe,   could,   should,   may,   project,   forecast,   propose,   plan,   designed,   estimate,   enable  and similar expressions which speak only as of the date the statement was made. Forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain, are based upon current beliefs, assumptions and expectations of Company management and current market conditions, and are subject to significant business, economic, competitive, regulatory and other risks, uncertainties and contingencies, known and unknown, many of which are beyond our control. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Our future financial condition and results could differ materially from those predicted in such forward-looking statements because of a number of factors, including (without limitation): 
             
    the uncertainty in the overall economy, including (without limitation) customer demand in the retail and manufacturing sectors; 
                
    the success of our management team in implementing its strategic plan and continued operational and productivity improvements, including (without limitation) our continued ability to meet quality delivery performance standards and our ability to increase volume and yield, and the impact of those improvements on our future liquidity and profitability; 
                
    our ability to generate sufficient liquidity to satisfy our cash needs and future cash commitments, including (without limitation) our obligations related to our indebtedness and lease and pension funding requirements, and our ability to achieve increased cash flows through improvement in operations; 
                
    our ability to comply with scheduled increases in financial performance-related debt covenants; 
                
    our ability to finance the maintenance, acquisition and replacement of revenue equipment and other necessary capital expenditures;  
                
    our dependence on our information technology systems in our network operations and the production of accurate information, and the risk of system failure, inadequacy or security breach; 
                
    changes in equity and debt markets;  
                
    seasonal factors such as severe weather conditions;  
                
    the price of fuel;  
                
    changes in the cost of fuel or the index upon which we base our fuel surcharge and the effectiveness of our fuel surcharge program in protecting us against fuel price volatility;  
                
    competition and competitive pressure on pricing;  
                
    expense volatility, including (without limitation) volatility due to changes in purchased transportation service or pricing for purchased transportation;  
                
    our ability to comply and the cost of compliance with federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations, including (without limitation) labor laws and laws and regulations regarding the environment; 
                
    a terrorist attack;  
                
    labor relations, including (without limitation) our ability to attract and retain qualified drivers, the continued support of our union employees for our strategic plan, the impact of work rules, work stoppages, strikes or other disruptions, our obligations to multi-employer health, welfare and pension plans, wage requirements and employee satisfaction;  
                
    the impact of claims and litigation to which we are or may become exposed; and 
                
    other risks and contingencies, including (without limitation) the risk factors that are included in our reports filed with the SEC, including those described under  Risk Factors  in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, including this quarterly report. 

14 

Table of Contents  

Overview 
    
  MD A includes the following sections:  
    
    Our Business     a brief description of our business and a discussion of how we assess our operating results. 
    Consolidated Results of Operations     an analysis of our consolidated results of operations for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
    Reporting Segment Results of Operations     an analysis of our results of operations for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   for our YRC Freight and Regional Transportation reporting segments. 
    Certain Non-GAAP Financial Measures     an analysis of selected non-GAAP financial measures for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   and trailing twelve months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
    Financial Condition/Liquidity and Capital Resources     a discussion of our major sources and uses of cash and an analysis of our cash flows and aggregate contractual obligations and commercial commitments. 
  The    third quarter    and    first three quarters    of the years discussed below refer to the   three and nine months   ended   September 30  , respectively. 
   
  Our Business 
  YRC Worldwide is a holding company that, through wholly owned operating subsidiaries, offers our customers a wide range of transportation services. YRC Worldwide has one of the largest, most comprehensive LTL networks in North America with local, regional, national and international capabilities. Through its team of experienced service professionals, YRC Worldwide offers industry-leading expertise in LTL shipments and flexible supply chain solutions, ensuring customers can ship industrial, commercial and retail goods with confidence. 
  We measure the performance of our business on both a consolidated basis and a reporting segment basis.  We use several performance metrics, but rely primarily upon operating revenue, operating income (loss), and operating ratio.  We also use certain non-GAAP financial measures as secondary measures to assess our operating performance. 
             
    Operating Revenue:    Our operating revenue has two primary components: volume (commonly evaluated using number of shipments and weight per shipment) and yield or price (commonly evaluated on a dollar-per-hundred weight basis and a dollar-per-shipment basis).  Yield includes fuel surcharge revenue, which is common in the trucking industry and represents an amount charged to customers that adjusts with changing fuel prices. We base our fuel surcharges on a published national index and adjust them weekly. Rapid material changes in the index or our cost of fuel can positively or negatively impact our revenue and operating income versus prior periods, as there is a lag in our adjustment of base rates in response to changes in fuel surcharge. We believe that fuel surcharge is an accepted and important component of the overall pricing of our services to our customers. Without an industry accepted fuel surcharge program, our base pricing for our transportation services would require numerous changes. We believe the distinction between base rates and fuel surcharge has blurred over time, and it is impractical to clearly separate all the different factors that influence the price that our customers are willing to pay. In general, under our present fuel surcharge program, we believe rising fuel costs are beneficial to us and falling fuel costs are detrimental to us. 

Operating Income (Loss):    Operating income (loss) is our operating revenue less operating expenses.  Our consolidated operating income (loss) includes certain corporate charges that are not allocated to our YRC Freight and Regional Transportation reporting segments.   

Operating Ratio:    Operating ratio is a common operating performance metric used in the trucking industry.  It is calculated as (i) 100 percent (ii) minus the result of dividing operating income by operating revenue or (iii) plus the result of dividing operating loss by operating revenue, and expressed as a percentage. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures:    We use certain non-GAAP financial measures to assess our performance.  These  include EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA: 

EBITDA:   a non-GAAP measure that reflects our earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization expense.  EBITDA is used for internal management purposes as a financial measure that reflects our core operating performance. 
     
   15 

     Table of Contents  

Adjusted EBITDA:   a non-GAAP measure that reflects our earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization expense, and further adjusts for letter of credit fees, equity-based compensation expense, net gains or losses on property disposals, restructuring professional fees, non-recurring consulting fees, expenses associated with certain lump sum payments to our IBT employees and the gains or losses from permitted dispositions, discontinued operations, among other items, as defined in our credit facilities. Adjusted EBITDA is used for internal management purposes as a financial measure that reflects our core operating performance, to measure compliance with financial covenants in our credit facilities and to calculate certain executive bonus compensation. 
       
  Our non-GAAP financial measures have the following limitations: 
             
    EBITDA does not reflect the interest expense or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or fund principal payments on our outstanding debt; 
                
    Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the interest expense or the cash requirements necessary to fund restructuring professional fees, nonrecurring consulting fees, letter of credit fees, service interest, principal payments on our outstanding debt or lump sum payments to our IBT employees required under the Memorandum of Understanding; 
                
    Although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future and EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements; 
                
    Equity-based compensation is an element of our long-term incentive compensation package, although Adjusted EBITDA excludes employee equity-based compensation expense when presenting our ongoing operating performance for a particular period; and 
                
    Other companies in our industry may calculate Adjusted EBITDA differently than we do, potentially limiting  its usefulness as a comparative measure. 
       
  Because of these limitations, our non-GAAP measures should not be considered a substitute for performance measures calculated in accordance with GAAP.  We compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP results and use our non-GAAP measures as secondary measures. 

Consolidated Results of Operations 
    
  Our consolidated results include the consolidated results of our YRC Freight and Regional Transportation reporting segments as well as any unallocated corporate charges. A more detailed discussion of the operating results of our segments is presented in the  Reporting Segment Results of Operations  section below. 
    
  The table below provides summary consolidated financial information for the   third quarter   and   first three quarters   of   2016   and   2015  : 

Third Quarter   of   2016   Compared to the   Third Quarter   of   2015    
    
  Our consolidated operating revenue   decreased     $23.6 million  , or   1.9%  , during the   third quarter   of   2016   compared to the same period in   2015  .  The decrease in revenue is primarily attributed to a reduction in fuel surcharge revenue and declines in volumes, partially offset by improved yield (excluding fuel surcharge).  
    
  Total operating expenses for the   third quarter   of   2016     decreased     $14.7 million  , or   1.2%  , compared to the   third quarter   in   2015  , and consisted primarily of: 

16 

     Table of Contents  

A   $10.2 million  , or   4.7%  ,   decrease   in operating expenses and supplies was primarily the result of an $8.9 million decrease in fuel expense in the   third quarter   of   2016  , as compared to the   third quarter   of   2015  .  This decrease was largely driven by lower fuel prices on a per gallon basis, as well as fewer miles driven. Additionally, vehicle maintenance expense decreased by $4.1 million due to lower maintenance costs per mile and fewer miles driven. 

A   $10.0 million  , or   1.4%  ,   decrease   in salaries, wages and employee benefits was primarily attributed to an $8.1 million  decrease in bonus compensation expense and a $3.9 million decrease in wages, which is primarily due to a decrease in shipping volumes, which required fewer employee hours to process freight. Offsetting this decrease is a $6.0 million increase in employee benefit costs. 

A   $7.2 million  , or   4.8%  , increase in purchased transportation was primarily attributed to a $10.7 million increase in over-the-road and local purchased transportation expense and a $4.2 million increase in vehicle rent expense due to higher usage of operating leases for revenue equipment. Offsetting this increase is a $6.7 million decrease in rail purchased transportation expense due to a reduction in rail miles and lower rail rates, which is principally related to lower fuel surcharges paid to our providers.  
       
  Nonoperating expenses increased   $3.2 million   in the   third quarter   of   2016   compared to the   third quarter   of 2015 primarily driven by a $2.9 million increase in foreign currency transaction losses. 
    
  Our effective tax rate for the third quarter of   2016   and   2015   was   3.5%   and   25.3%  , respectively. The significant items impacting the 2016 rate include a provision for federal alternative minimum tax, a refund from a prior year amended return, a net state and foreign tax provision, certain permanent items, and a change in the valuation allowance established for the net deferred tax asset balance projected for   December 31, 2016  . The significant items impacting the   2015   rate include a net state and foreign tax provision, certain permanent items, and a change in the valuation allowance established for the net deferred tax asset balance that had been projected for   December 31  ,   2015  . We recognize valuation allowances on deferred tax assets if, based on the weight of the evidence, we determine it is more likely than not that such assets will not be realized. Changes in valuation allowances are included in our tax provision in the period of change. In determining whether a valuation allowance is warranted, we evaluate factors such as prior years  earnings history, expected future earnings, loss carry-back and carry-forward periods, reversals of existing deferred tax liabilities and tax planning strategies that potentially enhance the likelihood of the realization of a deferred tax asset. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , substantially all of our net deferred tax assets were subject to a valuation allowance. 
    
  First Three Quarters   of   2016   Compared to the   First Three Quarters   of   2015 
    
  Our consolidated operating revenue   decreased     $140.5 million  , or   3.8%  , during the   first three quarters   of   2016   compared to the same period in   2015  .  The decrease in revenue is primarily attributed to a reduction in fuel surcharge revenue and declines in volumes, partially offset by improved yield (excluding fuel surcharge).  
    
  Total operating expenses for the   first three quarters   of   2016     decreased     $141.6 million  , or   4.0%  , compared to the   first three quarters   in   2015  , and consisted primarily of: 

An   $82.4 million  , or   12.2%  ,   decrease   in operating expenses and supplies was primarily the result of a $66.4 million decrease in fuel expense in the   first three quarters   of   2016  , as compared to the   first three quarters   of 2015.  This decrease was largely driven by lower fuel prices on a per gallon basis, as well as fewer miles driven. Additionally, vehicle maintenance expense decreased by $13.5 million due to lower maintenance costs per mile and fewer miles driven. 

A   $22.0 million  , or   5.1%  , decrease in purchased transportation was primarily due to a $35.5 million decrease in rail purchased transportation expense due to a reduction in rail miles and lower rail rates, which is principally related to lower fuel surcharges paid to our providers, partially offset by an $11.7 million increase in vehicle rent expense due to higher usage of operating leases for revenue equipment.  

A   $16.0 million  , or   0.7%  ,   decrease   in salaries, wages and employee benefits was primarily attributed to a $21.0 million decrease in wages primarily driven by a decrease in shipping volumes, which required fewer employee hours to process freight, a $9.3 million decrease in bonus compensation expense, and a $3.7 million decrease in workers  compensation expense due to improvements in current year claim frequency.  These decreases were  partially offset by a $17.5 million increase in employee benefit costs. 

A   $4.4 million  , or   2.2%  ,   decrease   in other operating expenses was primarily driven by a $3.7 million decrease in cargo claims expense due to improved frequency of claims in the   first three quarters   of 2016, as compared to the   first three quarters   of 2015.  
     
   17 

     Table of Contents  

Net gains from excess property sales in the   first three quarters   of   2016   were $11.2 million compared to losses of $1.5 million in the   first three quarters   of   2015  . 
       
  Nonoperating expenses increased   $3.3 million   in the   first three quarters   of   2016   compared to the   first three quarters   of   2015   primarily driven by an $8.3 million increase in foreign currency transaction losses, offset by a $2.3 million gain on the disposal of JHJ and a $3.3 million decrease in interest expense primarily due to lower outstanding debt. 
    
  Our effective tax rate for the   first three quarters   of   2016   and   2015   was   10.5%   and   30.1%  , respectively.  Significant items impacting the   2016   rate include a provision for federal alternative minimum tax, a refund from a prior year amended return, a net state and foreign tax provision, certain permanent items, and a change in the valuation allowance established for the net deferred tax asset balance projected for   December 31, 2016  . The significant items impacting the   2015   rate include a net state and foreign tax provision, certain permanent items, and a change in the valuation allowance established for the net deferred tax asset balance that had been projected for   December 31  ,   2015  .  

Reporting Segment Results of Operations 
    
  We evaluate our operating performance using our YRC Freight and Regional Transportation reporting segments:  

YRC Freight   is the reporting segment that focuses on longer haul business opportunities with national, regional and international services. YRC Freight provides for the movement of industrial, commercial and retail goods, primarily through centralized management. This reporting segment includes our LTL subsidiary YRC Freight and YRC Reimer, a subsidiary located in Canada that specializes in shipments into, across and out of Canada. In addition to the United States and Canada, YRC Freight also serves parts of Mexico, Puerto Rico and Guam. 

Regional Transportation   is the reporting segment for our transportation service providers focused on business opportunities in the regional and next-day delivery markets. Regional Transportation is comprised of Holland, New Penn and Reddaway. These companies each provide regional, next-day ground services in their respective regions through a network of facilities located across the United States, Canada, Mexico and Puerto Rico. 
       
  YRC Freight Results 
    
  YRC Freight represented   63.7%   of consolidated operating revenue for the   third quarter   of   2016  , as compared to   63.4%   for the   third quarter   of   2015  . YRC Freight represented   62.8%   and   62.9%   of consolidated operating revenue for the   first three quarters   of   2016   and   2015  , respectively. The table below provides summary financial information for YRC Freight for the   third quarter   and   first three quarters   of   2016   and   2015  : 

(a) 
    pp represents the change in percentage points 

Third Quarter   of   2016   Compared to the   Third Quarter   of   2015    
    
  YRC Freight reported operating revenue of   $777.9 million   in the   third quarter   of   2016  , a   decrease   of   $11.3 million  , or   1.4%  , compared to the same period in   2015  . The   decrease   in revenue is primarily attributed to a reduction in fuel surcharge revenue and declines in volume. The table below summarizes the key revenue metrics for the YRC Freight reporting segment for the   third quarter   of   2016   compared to the   third quarter   of   2015  : 

18 

     Table of Contents  

(a) Does not equal financial statement revenue due to revenue recognition adjustments between accounting periods and the impact of other revenue 
  (b) Percent change based on unrounded figures and not the rounded figures presented 
    
  Operating income for YRC Freight was   $20.8 million   in the   third quarter   of   2016   compared to   $16.7 million   in the   third quarter   of   2015  . Operating revenue in the   third quarter   of   2016   was lower by   $11.3 million  , which was offset by a   $15.4 million   decrease in total operating expenses.  
    
  The decrease in total operating expense consisted primarily of: 

A $12.5 million, or 8.8%, decrease in total operating expenses and supplies was primarily the result of a $6.0 million decrease in fuel expense, which was largely driven by lower fuel prices on a per gallon basis and fewer miles driven.  Additionally, vehicle maintenance expense decreased by $4.6 million due to lower maintenance costs per mile and fewer miles driven in the   third quarter   of   2016  , as compared to the   third quarter   of   2015  .  

A $3.3 million, or 0.7%, decrease in salaries, wages and employee benefits was driven by a $4.7 million decrease in wages primarily driven by a decrease in shipping volumes, which required fewer employee hours to process freight, and improved employee productivity, partially offset by a $3.3 million increase in employee benefit costs, in the   third quarter   of   2016  , as compared to the   third quarter   of   2015  .  

A $3.3 million, or 2.8%, increase in purchased transportation was primarily due to a $10.4 million increase in over-the-road and local purchased transportation expense, offset by a $6.7 million decrease in rail purchased transportation expense due to a reduction in rail miles and lower rail rates, which is principally related to lower fuel surcharges paid to our providers, in the   third quarter   of   2016  , as compared to the   third quarter   of   2015  .  
       
  First Three Quarters   of   2016   Compared to the   First Three Quarters   of   2015    
    
  YRC Freight reported operating revenue of   $2,228.6 million   in the   first three quarters   of   2016  , a   decrease   of   $93.4 million  , or   4.0%  , compared to the same period in   2015  . The   decrease   in revenue is primarily attributed to a reduction in fuel surcharge revenue and declines in volume, partially offset by improved yield (excluding fuel surcharge). The table below summarizes the key revenue metrics for the YRC Freight reporting segment for the   first three quarters   of   2016   compared to the   first three quarters   of   2015  : 

19 

     Table of Contents  

(a) Does not equal financial statement revenue due to revenue recognition adjustments between accounting periods and the impact of other revenue 
  (b) Percent change based on unrounded figures and not the rounded figures presented 
    
  Operating income for YRC Freight was   $53.3 million   in the   first three quarters   of   2016   compared to   $39.4 million   in the   first three quarters   of   2015  . Operating revenue was lower by   $93.4 million   in the   first three quarters   of   2016  , which was offset by a   $107.3 million   decrease in total operating expenses.  
    
  The decrease in total operating expense consisted primarily of: 

A $51.2 million, or 11.9%, decrease in total operating expenses and supplies was primarily the result of a $37.7 million decrease in fuel expense, which was largely driven by lower fuel prices on a per gallon basis and fewer miles driven.  Additionally, vehicle maintenance expense decreased by $10.0 million due to lower maintenance costs per mile and fewer miles driven in the   first three quarters   of   2016  , as compared to the   first three quarters   of   2015  .  These expense reductions were partially offset by a $4.1 million favorable legal settlement recorded in the   first three quarters   of   2015  , with no corresponding event in the   first three quarters   of   2016  . 

A $26.5 million, or 7.8%, decrease in purchased transportation was primarily due to a $35.5 million decrease in rail purchased transportation expense due to a reduction in rail miles and lower rail rates, which is principally related to lower fuel surcharges paid to our providers, offset by a $5.8 million increase in local purchased transportation expense, in the   first three quarters   of   2016  , as compared to the   first three quarters   of   2015  .  

A $14.0 million, or 1.1%, decrease in salaries, wages and employee benefits was driven by a $19.9 million decrease in wages primarily driven by a decrease in shipping volumes, which required fewer employee hours to process freight, and improved employee productivity, partially offset by a $9.4 million increase in employee benefit costs, in the   first three quarters   of   2016  , as compared to the   first three quarters   of   2015  .  

A $0.7 million, or 0.6%, increase in other operating expense was primarily driven by a $5.5 million increase in our liability claims expense as a result of unfavorable development of prior year outstanding claims in the   first three quarters   of 2016, as compared to the   first three quarters   of 2015. This was partially offset by a $3.0 million decrease in cargo claims expense due to improved frequency of claims in the   first three quarters   of 2016, as compared to the   first three quarters   of 2015. 

20 

     Table of Contents  

Net gains from excess property sales in the   first three quarters   of 2016 were $12.0 million compared to losses of $1.7 million in the   first three quarters   of 2015. 
       
  Regional Transportation Results 
    
  Regional Transportation represented   36.3%   of consolidated operating revenue for the   third quarter   of   2016  , as compared to   36.6%   for the   third quarter   of   2015  . Regional Transportation represented   37.2%   and   37.1%   of consolidated operating revenue for the   first three quarters   of   2016   and   2015  , respectively. The table below provides summary financial information for Regional Transportation for the   third quarter   and   first three quarters   of   2016   and   2015  : 

(a) 
    pp represents the change in percentage points 
       
  Third Quarter   of   2016   Compared to the   Third Quarter   of   2015    
    
  Regional Transportation reported operating revenue of   $443.7 million   for the   third quarter   of   2016  , a   decrease   of   $12.0 million  , or   2.6%  , from the   third quarter   of   2015  . The decrease in revenue is primarily attributed to a reduction in fuel surcharge revenue and declines in volume, partially offset by improved yield (excluding fuel surcharge).  The table below summarizes the key revenue metrics for the Regional Transportation reporting segment for the   third quarter   of   2016   compared to the   third quarter   of   2015  : 

(a) Does not equal financial statement revenue due to revenue recognition adjustments between accounting periods 
  (b)       Percent change based on unrounded figures and not the rounded figures presented 
    
  Operating income for Regional Transportation was   $21.9 million   for the   third quarter   of   2016  , compared to   $33.6 million   for the   third quarter   of   2015  . Operating revenues decreased by   $12.0 million  , which were offset by a   $0.3 million   decrease in total operating expenses.   
  
   21 

     Table of Contents  

The decrease in total operating expenses consisted primarily of: 

A $3.0 million, or 3.6%, decrease in operating expenses and supplies was primarily the result of a $2.9 million decrease in fuel expense, which was largely driven by lower fuel prices on a per gallon basis and fewer miles driven in the   third quarter   of   2016   compared to the   third quarter   of 2015.  

A $2.9 million, or 1.1%, decrease in salaries, wages and employee benefits was primarily driven by a $4.4 million decrease in bonus compensation expense, offset by a $2.3 million increase in employee benefit costs in the   third quarter   of 2016, as compared to the   third quarter   of 2015. 

A $4.2 million, or 13.4%, increase in purchased transportation was primarily due to a $3.9 million increase in vehicle rent expense due to higher usage of operating leases for revenue equipment, in the   third quarter   of 2016, as compared to the   third quarter   of 2015.  
       
  First Three Quarters   of   2016   Compared to the   First Three Quarters   of   2015    
    
  Regional Transportation reported operating revenue of   $1,321.3 million   for the   first three quarters   of   2016  , a   decrease   of   $46.4 million  , or   3.4%  , from the   first three quarters   of   2015  . The   decrease   in revenue is primarily attributed to a reduction in fuel surcharge revenue and declines in volume, partially offset by improved yield (excluding fuel surcharge).  The table below summarizes the key revenue metrics for the Regional Transportation reporting segment for the   first three quarters   of   2016   compared to the   first three quarters   of   2015  : 

(a) Does not equal financial statement revenue due to revenue recognition adjustments between accounting periods 
  (b)       Percent change based on unrounded figures and not the rounded figures presented 
    
  Operating income for Regional Transportation was   $64.9 million   for the   first three quarters   of   2016  , as compared to   $75.9 million   for the   first three quarters   of   2015  . Operating revenues decreased   $46.4 million   which were offset by a   $35.4 million   decrease in total operating expenses.   
    
  The decrease in total operating expenses consisted primarily of: 
  
   22 

     Table of Contents  

A $35.4 million, or 13.0%, decrease in operating expenses and supplies was primarily the result of a $28.8 million decrease in fuel expense, which was largely driven by lower fuel prices on a per gallon basis and fewer miles driven. Additionally, vehicle maintenance expense decreased by $3.5 million due to lower maintenance costs and fewer miles driven and professional service fees decreased by $3.4 million in the   first three quarters   of   2016  , as compared to the   first three quarters   of   2015  . 

A $5.2 million, or 6.6%, decrease in other operating expense was primarily driven by a $2.9 million decrease in our liability claims expense as a result of more favorable development of prior year claims in the   first three quarters   of   2016  , as compared to the   first three quarters   of   2015  .  

A $5.1 million, or 5.5%, increase in purchased transportation was primarily due to a $9.4 million increase in vehicle rent expense due to higher usage of operating leases for revenue equipment, partially offset by a $3.9 million decrease in purchased transportation expense due to a reduction in miles and rates, in the   first three quarters   of 2016, as compared to the   first three quarters   of 2015.  

A $0.8 million, or 0.1%, increase in salaries, wages and employee benefits was driven by a $4.8 million increase in employee benefit costs, offset by a $1.4 million decrease in bonus compensation expense and $1.1 million decrease in wages. The decrease in wages was primarily due to the decrease in shipping volumes and partially offset by general wage rate increases in the   first three quarters   of   2016  , as compared to the   first three quarters   of   2015  . 

Certain Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
    
  As discussed in the  Our Business  section, we use certain non-GAAP financial measures to assess performance.  These measures should be considered in addition to the results prepared in accordance with GAAP, but should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, our GAAP financial measures. For segment Adjusted EBITDA, we present the reconciliation from operating income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA as it is consistent with how we measure performance. 

23 

     Table of Contents  

Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA 
    
  The reconciliation of net income to EBITDA and EBITDA to Adjusted EBITDA (defined in our Term Loan Agreement as  Consolidated EBITDA ) for the   third quarter   and   first three quarters   of   2016   and   2015  , and the trailing twelve months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , is as follows: 

(a)    As required under our Term Loan Agreement, other, net, shown above consists of the impact of certain items to be included in Adjusted EBITDA. 
    
  Segment Adjusted EBITDA 
    
  The following represents Adjusted EBITDA by segment for the   third quarter   and   first three quarters   of   2016   and   2015  : 

24 

     Table of Contents  

The reconciliation of operating income (loss), by segment, to Adjusted EBITDA for the   third quarter   and   first three quarters   of   2016   and   2015  , is as follows: 

(a)    As required under our Term Loan Agreement, other, net, shown above consists of the impact of certain items to be included in Adjusted EBITDA. 

(a)    As required under our Term Loan Agreement, other, net, shown above consists of the impact of certain items to be included in Adjusted EBITDA. 

(a)    As required under our Term Loan Agreement, other, net, shown above consists of the impact of certain items to be included in Adjusted EBITDA. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  Our principal sources of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents, available borrowings under our ABL Facility and any prospective net operating cash flows from operations.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had cash and cash equivalents of   $276.4 million   and the borrowing base and maximum availability under our ABL Facility were   $412.6 million   and   $55.0 million  , respectively.  The maximum availability is calculated in accordance with the terms of the ABL Facility and is derived by reducing the borrowing base by our   $357.6 million   of outstanding letters of credit. While our ABL Agreement permits us to access maximum availability  
  
   25 

     Table of Contents  

subject to certain financial covenant restrictions (which restrictions did not limit our availability as of   September 30, 2016  ), the maximum amount we expect to access on our ABL Facility at any time is maximum availability less the lower of 10% of the borrowing base (  $41.3 million   at   September 30, 2016  ) or 10% of the facility size (  $45.0 million   at   September 30, 2016  ).  Thus, of the   $55.0 million   in maximum availability, our Managed Accessibility was   $13.7 million   as of   September 30, 2016  .  As a result, we had cash and cash equivalents and Managed Accessibility of   $290.1 million   as of   September 30, 2016  .  Due to the ABL Facility amendment on June 28, 2016, as referenced in the  Debt and Financing  footnote of our consolidated financial statements in this report, we increased our flexibility to manage and optimize the amount of cash included in the borrowing base by reducing availability limits. 
    
  Outside of funding normal operations, our principal uses of cash include making contributions to our single-employer pension plans and various multi-employer pension funds, and meeting our other cash obligations including, but not limited to, paying principal and interest on our funded debt, payments on our equipment leases and funding capital expenditures.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $1,055.4 million   in aggregate par value of outstanding indebtedness, the majority of which matures in 2019.  We also have future funding obligations for our single-employer pension plans and various multi-employer pension funds. We expect our funding obligations for the remainder of   2016   for our single-employer pension plans and multi-employer pension funds will be   $12.3 million   and   $22.3 million  , respectively. In addition, we have, and will continue to have, operating lease obligations. As of   September 30, 2016  , our operating lease payment obligations through   2030   totaled   $323.8 million   and are expected to increase as we lease additional revenue equipment. Additionally, for the   first three quarters   of   2016  , we entered into new operating leases for revenue equipment totaling   $95.2 million   in future lease payments, payable over an average lease term of   five   years.  
    
  Our capital expenditures for the   first three quarters   of   2016   and   2015   were   $75.4 million   and   $71.8 million  , respectively.  These amounts were principally used to pay capitalized costs for technology infrastructure, to refurbish engines for our revenue fleet, and to fund the purchase of used tractors and trailers. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , our Standard   Poor s Corporate Family Rating was  B-  with a stable outlook and Moody s Investor Service Corporate Family Rating was  B3  with a stable outlook. 
    
  Credit Facility Covenants 
    
  Our Term Loan Agreement has certain financial covenants that, among other things, restricts certain capital expenditures and requires us to not exceed a maximum total leverage ratio (defined as Consolidated Total Debt divided by Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA.  Refer to the  Debt and Financing  footnote for an overview of our Term Loan covenants. 
    
  To maintain compliance with the maximum total leverage ratio over the tenor of the Term Loan and satisfy our liquidity needs, we would have to achieve operating results that reflect significant improvement over our third quarter 2016 results. Means for improving our profitability may include ongoing successful implementation and realization of pricing, productivity and efficiency initiatives, as well as increased volume, some of which are outside of our control.    
    
  Although we are currently in compliance with the maximum total leverage ratio covenant under our Term Loan Agreement, the covenant levels tighten in the coming quarters. Our internal forecasts currently indicate that, absent one or more specific actions as described below, we could fail to comply with this covenant in one or more quarters over the next 12 months.  As a result, we may decide to pay down a sufficient amount of the Term Loan to comply with the covenant.  We currently believe that the results of our operations will be sufficient to allow us to make such payments and fund our operations for the next twelve months.  However, we may also be required to pursue certain actions, including but not limited to reducing capital expenditures, curtailing actions relating to our planned revenue growth and/or seeking other cost reductions.  Some of those actions might adversely affect our operations and financial performance over the long-term.   
  Alternatively, we may seek an amendment to the Term Loan that would modify the covenant or pursue some other corporate finance transaction that would reduce our total leverage so that we would remain in compliance.  There can be no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining such relief. 
  Cash Flows 
    
  Operating Cash Flow 
    
  Net cash provided by operating activities was   $86.0 million   and   $91.5 million   in the   first three quarters   of   2016   and   2015  , respectively. The decrease in operating cash flow is primarily attributable to non-cash gains of $11.2 million recognized from the  
  
   26 

     Table of Contents  

sale of excess properties in the   first three quarters   of   2016  , as compared to a   $1.5 million   loss in the   first three quarters   of   2015  . This was offset by an increase in net income of   $4.8 million   in the   first three quarters   of 2016 as compared to the   first three quarters   of 2015, and a net increase in operating assets and liabilities of $4.2 million, which consists primarily of improved cash inflow due to prior year expenses associated with certain lump sum payments to our IBT employees, offset by decreased cash inflow from accounts receivable.  
    
  Investing Cash Flow 
    
  Net cash provided by investing activities was   $44.9 million   during the   first three quarters   of   2016   compared to net cash used in investing activities of   $38.8 million   during the   first three quarters   of   2015  , largely driven by a net receipt of   $79.2 million   in restricted escrow refunds in   2016   compared to a net receipt of   $16.9 million   in   2015  . Additionally, cash flows in   2016   included   $14.6 million   in net proceeds from the sale of JHJ and an increase of   $10.8 million   in cash proceeds from the disposal of property and equipment due to certain significant property sales in 2016.     
    
  Financing Cash Flow 
    
  Net cash used in financing activities for the   first three quarters   of   2016   and   2015   was   $28.3 million   and   $13.1 million  , respectively, which consists mainly of repayments on our long-term debt. Cash flows used in financing activities for the   first three quarters   of   2016   also included   $1.8 million   in debt issuance costs related to the ABL Facility amendment.   
    
  Contractual Obligations and Other Commercial Commitments 
    
  The following sections provide aggregated information regarding our contractual cash obligations and other commercial commitments as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Contractual Cash Obligations 
    
  The following table reflects our cash outflows that we are contractually obligated to make as of   September 30, 2016  : 

(a) 
    The ABL Facility includes future payments for the letter of credit and unused line fees and are not included on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
              (b) 
    The Term Loan includes principal and interest payments, but excludes unamortized discounts. 
              (c) 
    The lease financing obligations include interest payments of   $103.2 million   and principal payments of   $49.4 million  . The remaining principal obligation is offset by the estimated book value of leased property at the expiration date of each lease agreement. 
              (d) 
    Pension deferral obligations includes principal and interest payments on the Second A R CDA. 
              (e) 
    The workers  compensation, property damage and liability claims obligations represent our estimate of future payments for these obligations, not all of which are contractually required. 
              (f) 
    Operating leases represent future payments, which include interest, under contractual lease arrangements primarily for revenue equipment and are not included on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
              (g) 
    Other contractual obligations includes future service agreements and certain maintenance agreements and are not included on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
              (h) 
    Capital expenditure obligations primarily includes noncancelable purchase orders for revenue equipment not yet delivered and are not included in the Company s consolidated balance sheets.  

27 

     Table of Contents  

Other Commercial Commitments 
    
  The following table reflects other commercial commitments or potential cash outflows that may result from a contingent event, such as a need to borrow short-term funds due to insufficient free cash flow. 

(a) 
    As of   September 30, 2016  , we held   $43.0 million   in restricted escrow, which represents cash collateral on our ABL Facility. Managed Accessibility was   $13.7 million  , which represents maximum availability of   $55.0 million   less the lower of 10% of the borrowing base or the facility size. 
              (b) 
    Letters of credit outstanding are generally required as collateral to support self-insurance programs and do not represent additional liabilities as the underlying self-insurance accruals are already included in our consolidated balance sheets. 
              (c) 
    Surety bonds are generally required for workers  compensation to support self-insurance programs, which include certain bonds that do not have an expiration date but are redeemable on demand, and do not represent additional liabilities as the underlying self-insurance accruals are already included in our consolidated balance sheets. 

28 

Table of Contents  

Item 3.     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
    
  We are primarily exposed to the market risk associated with unfavorable movements in interest rates, foreign currencies, and fuel price volatility. The risk inherent in our market risk sensitive instruments and positions is the potential loss or increased expense arising from adverse changes in those factors. There have been no material changes to our market risk policies or our market risk sensitive instruments and positions as described in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

Item 4.     Controls and Procedures 
    
  As required by the Exchange Act, we maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Our disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management, with the participation of our principal executive and financial officers, has evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures as of   September 30, 2016   and have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  There were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended   September 30, 2016   that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

29 

Table of Contents  

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1.     Legal Proceedings 
    
  We discuss legal proceedings in the  Commitments, Contingencies and Uncertainties  note to our consolidated financial statements included with this quarterly report on Form 10-Q and that discussion is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 1A.     Risk Factors 
    
  There were no material changes during the quarter to the Risk Factors disclosed in Part I, Item 1A -  Risk Factors  in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

Item 6.     Exhibits 

__________________________ 
           * 
    Indicates documents filed herewith. 

30 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

YRC WORLDWIDE INC. 

Date: October 27, 2016 
      
    /s/ James L. Welch 

James L. Welch 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: October 27, 2016 
      
    /s/ Jamie G. Pierson 

Jamie G. Pierson 

Executive Vice President and 

Chief Financial Officer 

31 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 yrcw-2016930xex311.htm
 SECTION 302 CEO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13A-14 AND 15D-14, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, James L. Welch, certify that: 
           (1) 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of YRC Worldwide Inc.; 
              (2) 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              (3) 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              (4) 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 
                        
    a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
                        
    a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 27, 2016 
      
    /s/ James L. Welch 

James L. Welch 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 yrcw-2016930xex312.htm
 SECTION 302 CFO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13A-14 AND 15D-14, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Jamie G. Pierson, certify that: 
           (1) 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of YRC Worldwide Inc.; 
              (2) 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              (3) 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              (4) 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 
                        
    a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
                        
    a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 27, 2016 
      
    /s/ Jamie G. Pierson 

Jamie G. Pierson 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 yrcw-2016930xex321.htm
 SECTION 906 CEO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the quarterly report of YRC Worldwide Inc. on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, James L. Welch, Chief Executive Officer of YRC Worldwide Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13 (a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of YRC Worldwide Inc. 
                      Date: October 27, 2016 
       
    /s/ James L. Welch 

James L. Welch 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 yrcw-2016930xex322.htm
 SECTION 906 CFO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the quarterly report of YRC Worldwide Inc. on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Jamie G. Pierson, Chief Financial Officer of YRC Worldwide Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13 (a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of YRC Worldwide Inc. 
                      Date: October 27, 2016 
       
    /s/ Jamie G. Pierson 

Jamie G. Pierson 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 yrcw-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 yrcw-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 yrcw-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 yrcw-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 yrcw-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 yrcw-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

