<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161121_10-Q_edgar_data_1356093_0001213900-16-018780_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5142390</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>224326</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>320513</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1069354</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2098949</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1335595</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>55</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-018780.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161121115709
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-018780
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		85
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CREATIVE REALITIES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001356093
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER INTEGRATED SYSTEMS DESIGN [7373]
		IRS NUMBER:				411967918
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33169
		FILM NUMBER:		162009608

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		55 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10006
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-324-6660

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		55 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10006

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WIRELESS RONIN TECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060313

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-018780.txt : 20161121

10-Q
 1
 f10q0916_creativerealities.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q   

(Mark
One)   

       QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

FOR
THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM ______________ TO ______________   

Commission
File Number 001-33169   

Creative
Realities, Inc.   

   (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Minnesota  
         
      41-1967918   
 
       (State or other jurisdiction of  
                                                                                  incorporation or organization)   
         
       (I.R.S. Employer  
                                                                                  Identification No.)    

13100
Magisterial Drive, Suite 100, Louisville, KY 40223   

   (Address
of principal executive offices, including zip code)   

(502)
791-8800   

   (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code)   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 month (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes    No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes    No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large
    accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated
    filer  

Non-accelerated
    filer  
         
      Smaller
    reporting company  

(Do
    not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).   Yes No    

As
of November 5, 2016, the registrant had 66,232,284 shares of common stock outstanding.  

PART
1. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item
1. Financial Statements   

CREATIVE
REALITIES, INC.   

   CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   

   (In
thousands, except per share amounts)   

See
accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements   

Page
                                           1  
                                         of  31  

CREATIVE
REALITIES, INC.   

   CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   

   (In
thousands, except per share amounts)   

   (Unaudited)   

See
accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.   

Page
                                           2  
                                         of  31  

CREATIVE
REALITIES, INC.   

   CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

   (In
thousands)   

   (Unaudited)   

See
accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.   

Page
                                           3  
                                         of  31  

CREATIVE
REALITIES, INC.   

    NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

    (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts)    

   (unaudited)   

    All
currency is rounded to the nearest thousand except share and per share amounts    

NOTE
1: NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND GOING CONCERN UNCERTAINTY    

Unless
the context otherwise indicates, references in these Notes to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements to
 we,   us,   our  and  the Company  refer to Creative Realities, Inc. and its
subsidiaries.     

Basis
of Presentation    

We
have prepared the condensed consolidated financial statements included herein, without audit, pursuant to the rules and regulations
of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). The condensed consolidated financial statements include
the Company s wholly owned subsidiaries. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in the annual financial
statements prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) have been condensed
in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. The accompanying year-end condensed consolidated balance sheet
was derived from the audited financial statements included in the annual financial statements but does not include all disclosures
required by U.S. GAAP. The accompanying interim financial statements are unaudited, and reflect all adjustments that in the opinion
of management are necessary for a fair presentation of the Company s condensed consolidated financial position, results
of operations, and cash flows for the periods presented. Unless otherwise noted, all such adjustments are of a normal, recurring
nature. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. The Company s results of operations
and cash flows for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations and cash flows that it may
achieve in future periods. Nevertheless, we believe that the disclosures are adequate to ensure the information presented is not
misleading. These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with our audited financial
statements and the notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2015 included in the Company s 10-K filed with the SEC
on April 4, 2016.  

Nature
of the Company s Business    

Creative
Realities, Inc. is a Minnesota corporation that provides innovative digital marketing technology and solutions to retail companies,
individual retail brands, enterprises and organizations throughout the United States and in certain international markets. We
have expertise in a broad range of existing and emerging digital marketing technologies, as well as the related media management
and distribution software platforms and networks, device management, product management, customized software service layers, systems,
experiences, workflows, and integrated solutions. Our technology and solutions include: digital merchandising systems and omni-channel
customer engagement systems, interactive digital shopping assistants, advisors and kiosks, and other interactive marketing technologies
such as mobile, social media, point-of-sale transactions, beaconing and web-based media that enable our customers to transform
how they engage with consumers. We have expertise in a broad range of existing and emerging digital marketing technologies, as
well as the following related aspects of our business: content, network management, and connected device software and firmware
platforms; customized software service layers; hardware platforms; digital media workflows; and proprietary processes and automation
tools.  

Going
Concern Uncertainty    

We
have incurred net losses and negative cash flows from operating activities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
and the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. As of September 30, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $976 and a working
capital deficit of $(8,420). These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Management
believes that despite our losses to date and while we can provide no assurance that our ongoing integration efforts will be successful,
the operations of the consolidated Company resulting from the acquisition of ConeXus World Global, LLC and our restructuring actions
will improve our sales, profit margin, scale and operating efficiencies. The Company entered into a Loan and Security Agreement
on August 17, 2016, pursuant to which it has obtained financing, see Note: 8, Loans Payable.  

The
condensed consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classifications of recorded
assets and liabilities as a result of the above uncertainty.  

Page
                                           4  
                                         of  31  

Acquisitions    

Acquisition
of ConeXus World Global    

On
October 15, 2015, we completed the acquisition of ConeXus World Global, LLC pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization
for 2,080,000 shares of Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock, and the conversion of $823 of ConeXus World Global debt into (i)
2,639,258 shares of our common stock, and (ii) $150 in principal amount of our convertible debt. As a result of the merger
transaction, ConeXus World Global, LLC is now our wholly owned operating subsidiary. The merger was completed by the filing of
articles of merger with the Kentucky Secretary of State .    

The debtholders and members
of ConeXus received a total of 1,664,000 shares of Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $1.00, and 16,000,000 shares
of our common stock, par value $0.01. In accordance with the terms of the amendment to the agreement and plan of merger and reorganization,
an additional 416,000 shares of Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock and 4,000,000 shares of common stock were to be issued
upon the reorganization of the capital structure of a Belgian affiliate of ConeXus. As of the date of this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q, this reorganization has not occurred and the Company will not be acquiring the ConeXus Belgian affiliate. Therefore,
no liability has been recorded for these additional shares, the consideration has not been included in the purchase price allocation
and the financial results of the Belgian affiliate have not been included in the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Note
2: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES       

A
summary of the significant accounting policies consistently applied in the preparation of the accompanying financial statements
follows:  

1. 
Principles of Consolidation   

The
condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Creative Realities, Inc., our wholly owned subsidiaries ConeXus
World Global LLC, Creative Realities, LLC, Broadcast International, Inc., and Wireless Ronin Technologies Canada, Inc. All inter-company
balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation, as applicable.  

2. 
Foreign Currency   

For
the Company s Canadian operations, the local currency has been determined to be the functional currency. The results of
its non-U.S. dollar based operations are translated to U.S. dollars at the average exchange rates during the period. Assets and
liabilities are translated at the rate of exchange prevailing on the balance sheet date. Equity is translated at the prevailing
rate of exchange at the date of the equity transaction. The effects of converting non-functional currency assets and liabilities
into the functional currency are recorded as general and administrative expenses in the condensed consolidated statements of operations.
Translation adjustments, which are considered immaterial to date, have been recorded as general and administrative expenses in
the condensed consolidated statements of operations.  

3. 
Revenue Recognition   

We
recognize revenue primarily from these sources:  

Hardware:  
          System
        hardware sales    

Services
        and Other:  
          Professional
        and implementation services    

Software
        design and development services  
          Software
        and software license sales  
          Maintenance
        and support services    

We
recognize revenue in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification
( ASC ) 910,  Contractors-Construction , ASC 605,  Revenue Recognition , ASC 605-25,  Accounting
for Revenue Arrangements with Multiple Deliverables  and ASC subtopic 985-605,  Software . In the event of a multiple-element
arrangement, we evaluate each element of the transaction to determine if it represents a separate unit of accounting, taking into
account all factors following the guidelines set forth in FASB ASC 985-605-25-5:  

(i)    persuasive
                                         evidence of an arrangement exists;    

(ii)    delivery
                                         has occurred, which is when product title transfers to the customer, or services have
                                         been rendered;    

(iii)    customer
                                         payments are fixed or determinable and free of contingencies and significant uncertainties;
                                         and    

(iv)    collection
                                         is reasonably assured. If it is determined that collection of a fee is not reasonably
                                         assured, we defer the revenue and recognize it at the time collection becomes reasonably
                                         assured, which is generally upon receipt of cash payment, revenues are reported on a
                                         gross basis.    

Page
                                           5  
                                         of  31  

We
enter into arrangements with customers that could include a combination of software products, system hardware, maintenance and
support, or installation and training services. We allocate the total arrangement fee among the various elements of the arrangement
based on the relative fair value of each of the undelivered elements determined by vendor-specific objective evidence (VSOE).
In software arrangements for which we do not have VSOE of fair value for all elements, revenue is deferred until the earlier of
when VSOE is determined for the undelivered elements (residual method) or when all elements for which we do not have VSOE of fair
value have been delivered. We have determined the VSOE of fair value for each of the Company s products and services.  

The
VSOE for maintenance and support services is based upon the renewal rate for continued service arrangements. The VSOE for installation
and training services is established based upon pricing for the services. The VSOE for software and licenses is based on the normal
pricing and discounting for the product when sold separately.  

Each
element of our multiple-element arrangements qualifies for separate accounting. Nevertheless, when a sale includes both software
and maintenance, we defer revenue under the residual method of accounting. Under this method, the undelivered maintenance and
support fees included in the price of software is amortized ratably over the period the services are provided. We defer maintenance
and support fees based upon the customer s renewal rate for these services.  

System
hardware sales   

Included
in  hardware  are system hardware sales whereby revenue is recognized generally upon shipment of the product or customer
acceptance depending upon contractual arrangements with the customer. Shipping charges billed to customers are included in sales
and the related shipping costs are included in cost of sales. Total hardware sales were $856 and $962 for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively and $2,536 and $2,557 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Services
and Other   

Included
in  services and other  revenue is professional and implementation services, software design and development services,
software and software license sales and maintenance and support services revenue. Total services and other revenue was $1,852
and $2,407 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively and $5,636 and $5,640 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Professional
and implementation services   

Professional
services revenue is derived primarily from consulting services related to the design and development of various marketing experiences,
and content development and management. The majority of professional services and accompanying agreements qualify for separate
accounting.  

Implementation
services revenue is derived from implementation, maintenance and support contracts, content development, software development
and training.  

These
services are bid either on a fixed-fee basis, time-and-materials basis or both. For time-and-materials contracts, we recognize
revenue as services are performed. For fixed-fee contracts, we recognize revenue upon completion of specific contractual milestones,
or by using the percentage-of-completion method.  

Software
design and development services   

Software
design and development services includes revenue from contracts for technology integration consulting services where we design/redesign,
build and implement new or enhanced systems applications and related processes for clients recognized on the percentage-of-completion
method. The percentage-of-completion accounting involves calculating the percentage of services provided during the reporting
period compared to the total estimated services to be provided over the duration of the contract. Estimated revenues from applying
the percentage-of-completion method include estimated incentives for which achievement of defined goals is deemed probable. Contract
costs include all direct material, labor, subcontractors, certain indirect costs, such as indirect labor, equipment costs, supplies,
tools and depreciation costs. This method is followed where reasonably dependable estimates of revenues and costs can be made.
We measure progress for completion based on either the hours worked as a percentage of the total number of hours of the project
or by delivery and customer acceptance of specific milestones as outlined per the terms of the agreement with the customer. Estimates
of total contract revenue and costs are continuously monitored during the term of the contract, and recorded revenue and costs
are subject to revision as the contract progresses. Such revisions may result in increases or decreases to revenue and income
and are reflected in the financial statements in the periods in which they are first identified. If estimates indicate that a
contract loss will occur, a loss provision is recorded in the period in which the loss first becomes probable and reasonably estimable.
Contract losses are determined to be the amount by which the estimated direct and indirect costs of the contract exceed the estimated
total revenue that will be generated by the contract and are included in cost of sales and classified in accrued expenses in the
balance sheet. Selling, general and administrative costs are charged to expense as incurred. Our presentation of revenue recognized
on a contract completion basis has been consistently applied for all periods presented.  

Page
                                           6  
                                         of  31  

Software
and software license sales   

Software
and software license sales are revenue when a fixed fee order has been received and delivery has occurred to the customer. We
assess whether the fee is fixed or determinable and free of contingencies based upon signed agreements received from the customer
confirming terms of the transaction. Software is delivered to customers electronically or on a CD-ROM, and license files are delivered
electronically.  

Maintenance
and support services   

Maintenance
and support services revenue consists of software updates and various forms of support services. Software updates provide customers
with rights to unspecified software product upgrades and maintenance releases and patches released during the term of the support
period. Support includes access to technical support personnel for software and hardware issues. We also offer a hosting service
through our network operations center, or NOC, allowing the ability to monitor and support its customers  networks 7 days
a week, 24 hours a day. This revenue is recognized ratably over the term of the contract, which is typically one to three years.
Maintenance and support is renewable by the customer. Rates for maintenance and support, including subsequent renewal rates, are
typically established based upon a fee per location, per device, or a specified percentage of net software license fees as set
forth in the arrangement. Support agreement fees are based on the level of service provided to its customers, which can range
from monitoring the health of a customer s network to supporting a sophisticated web-portal to managing the end-to-end hardware
and software of a digital marketing system.  

Costs
and estimated earnings recognized in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts are recorded as unbilled services and are included
in work-in-process on the balance sheet. Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts are recorded
as deferred revenue until revenue recognition criteria are met. Unbilled receivables are a normal part of our business as some
receivables are invoiced in the month following shipment or completion of services. Our policy is to present any taxes imposed
on revenue-producing transactions on a net basis.  

4. 
Cash and Cash Equivalents   

Cash
equivalents consist of commercial paper and all other liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less when
purchased. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had substantially all cash invested in commercial banks.
The balances are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250.  

5.
Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts   

Our
unsecured accounts receivable are customer obligations due under normal trade terms, carried at their face value less an allowance
for doubtful accounts. As discussed in Note 4, we had a factoring arrangement with Allied Affiliated Funding for our accounts
receivable with recourse up until August 17, 2016 when it was terminated. None of our receivables are factored at this time. We
determine our allowance for doubtful accounts based on the evaluation of the aging of our accounts receivable and on a customer-by-customer
analysis of high-risk customers. Our reserves contemplate our historical loss rate on receivables, specific customer situations
and the economic environments in which we operate. We determine past-due accounts receivable on a customer-by-customer basis.
Accounts receivable are written off after all reasonable collection efforts have failed. There is an immaterial amount of reserve
for doubtful accounts at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

6.
Work-In-Process and Inventories   

Our
work-in-process and inventories are recorded using the lower of cost or market on a first-in, first-out (FIFO) method. Inventory
is net of an allowance for obsolescence of $10 and $28 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  

7.
Fair Value of Financial Instruments   

Fair
value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for
identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). Inputs are broadly defined
as assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability.  

Page
                                           7  
                                         of  31  

FASB
ASC 820-10,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , requires disclosure of the estimated fair value of an entity's
financial instruments. Such disclosures, which pertain to our financial instruments, do not purport to represent our aggregate
net fair value. The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities
approximate fair value because of the short maturity of those instruments. The fair value of the loan payable approximates carrying
value based on the interest rates in the agreement compared to current market interest rates. The fair value of the warrant liabilities
is calculated using a Black-Scholes model, which approximates a binomial model due to probability factors used to determine the
fair value. The calculation of this liability is based on Level 3 inputs. See Notes 5 and 13 for further discussion on the valuation
of warrant liabilities.  

8. 
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets   

We
review the carrying value of all long-lived assets, including property and equipment, for impairment in accordance with ASC 360-10-05-4,
 Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets . Under ASC 360-10-05-4, impairment losses are recorded
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable.  

If
the impairment tests indicate that the carrying value of the asset is greater than the expected undiscounted cash flows to be
generated by such asset, an impairment loss would be recognized. The impairment loss is determined as the amount by which the
carrying value of such asset exceeds its fair value. We generally measure fair value by considering sale prices for similar assets
or by discounting estimated future cash flows from such assets using an appropriate discount rate. Assets to be disposed of are
carried at the lower of their carrying value or fair value less costs to sell. Considerable management judgment is necessary to
estimate the fair value of assets, and accordingly, actual results could vary significantly from such estimates.  

9.
Property and Equipment   

Property
and equipment are carried at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is provided for in amounts sufficient
to relate the cost of depreciable assets to operations over the estimated service lives, principally using straight-line methods.
Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the life of the improvement or the lease term, using the straight-line
method.  

Depreciation
and amortization expense was $70 and $81 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and $205 and $200 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

10.
Research and Development and Software Development Costs   

Research
and development expenses consist primarily of development personnel and non-employee contractor costs related to the development
of new products and services, enhancement of existing products and services, quality assurance and testing. Effective April 2015,
the Company began capitalizing its costs for additional functionality to its internal software. The Company capitalized approximately
$88 and $166 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and approximately $164 and $388 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These software development costs include both enhancements and upgrades of our client
based systems including functionality of our internal information systems to aid in our productivity, profitability and customer
relationship management. The Company amortizes these costs over 5 years once the new projects are finished and placed in service.
These costs are included in property and equipment, net on the condensed consolidated balance sheets.  

11.
Basic and Diluted Loss per Common Share   

Basic
and diluted loss per common share for all periods presented is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding.
Basic weighted average shares outstanding include only outstanding common shares. Diluted net loss per common share is computed
by dividing net loss by the weighted average common and potential dilutive common shares outstanding in accordance with the treasury
stock method. Shares reserved for outstanding stock options and warrants totaling approximately 34.7 and 20.0 million at September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, were excluded from the computation of loss per share as well as the potential common shares issuable
upon conversion of convertible preferred stock and convertible promissory notes as their effect was antidilutive due to our net
loss. Net loss attributable to common shareholders for the three months ended September 30, 2016 is after dividends on convertible
preferred stock of $114. Net loss attributable to common shareholders for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is after dividends
on convertible preferred stock of $339 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 is after dividends on convertible
preferred stock of $81 and $277, and amortization of the beneficial conversion feature of $34.  

12.
Deferred Income Taxes   

The
calculation of our income tax provision involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations. 
We recognize tax liabilities for uncertain income tax positions based on management s estimate of whether it is more likely
than not that additional taxes will be required.  We had no uncertain tax positions as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015.  

Page
                                           8  
                                         of  31  

Deferred
income taxes are recognized in the financial statements for the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax
basis of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates. Temporary
differences arise from net operating losses, differences in basis of intangibles (other than goodwill), stock-based compensation,
reserves for uncollectible accounts receivable and inventory, differences in depreciation methods, and accrued expenses. Valuation
allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.  

13.
Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation   

The
Company accounts for stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC 718-10,  Stock Compensation , that requires the measurement
and recognition of compensation expense for all stock-based payments including warrants, stock options, restricted stock grants
and stock bonuses based on estimated fair value. For purposes of determining estimated fair value under ASC 718-10-30, the Company
computes the estimated fair values of stock options using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Stock-based compensation
expense to employees of $69 and $39 was charged to expense during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and $204
and $174 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   

14.
Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets   

We
follow the provisions of ASC 350,  Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets . Pursuant to ASC 350, goodwill acquired
in a purchase business combination is not amortized, but instead tested for impairment at least annually. The Company uses a
measurement date of September 30 (see Note 7). An impairment loss on intangible assets of $1,065 was charged to expense
during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and no impairment loss on intangible assets was charged to expense
during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. There was no impairment loss recognized on goodwill during the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 (see Note 7).  

15.
Use of Estimates   

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Our significant
estimates are: the allowance for doubtful accounts, recognition of revenue under fixed price contracts, deferred tax assets, deferred
revenue, depreciable lives and depreciation methods for property and equipment, valuation of warrants and other stock-based compensation
and other assumptions and estimates used to evaluate the recoverability of long-lived assets, goodwill and other intangible assets
and the related amortization methods and periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates.   

16.
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements   

In
August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU )
No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments , which provides guidance
on the classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows, including those related to debt
prepayment or debt extinguishment costs, contingent consideration payments made after a business combination, proceeds from the
settlement of insurance claims, proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance, and distributions received from
equity method investees. This guidance is effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2017, and for interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including the adoption in an interim period.
If an entity adopts the guidance in an interim period, any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year
that includes that intgerim period. The guidance must be adopted on a retrospective basis and must be applied to all periods presented,
but may be applied prospectively if retrospective application would be impracticable. We are currently evaluating the impact,
if any, that the adoption of this guidance will have on our consolidated statement of cash flows.  

In June 2016, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-13,  Financial Instruments Credit Losses: Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments , which
provides guidance with respect to measuring credit losses on financial instruments, including trade receivables. This guidance
eliminates the probable initial recognition threshold that was previously required prior to recognizing a credit loss on financial
instruments. The credit loss estimate can now reflect an entity s current estimate of all future expected credit losses.
Under the previous guidance, an entity only considered past events and current conditions. The guidance is effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. We are currently evaluating the
impact, if any that the adoptions of this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.  

Page
                                           9  
                                         of  31  

In
November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,  Income Taxes: Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes , which provides
guidance simplifying the balance sheet classification of deferred taxes. The new guidance requires that all deferred taxes be
presented as noncurrent, rather than separated into current and noncurrent amounts. The guidance is effective for reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2016 and early adoption is permitted. In addition, the adoption of this guidance can be applied either
prospectively or retrospectively to all periods presented. We are currently evaluating the impact, if any, that the adoption of
this will have on our consolidated financial statements.  

In
May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers,  to clarify the principles used to recognize
revenue for all entities. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal
versus Agent Considerations , which further clarifies the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations ,
and in April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,  Revenue from contracts with customers (Topic 606): Identifying performance
obligations and licensing , an update on identifying performance obligations and accounting for licenses of intellectual property.
Additionally, in May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12,  Revenue from contracts with customers (Topic 606): Narrow-scope improvements
and practical expedients , which includes amendments for enhanced clarification of the guidance. This guidance is effective
for fiscal years beginning on or after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years and early adoption
is permitted. We are evaluating the impact that adoption of this guidance will have on our condensed consolidated financial statements.   

In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Stock Compensation , which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based
payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification
on the statement of cash flows. The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods
within those annual periods. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance on our consolidated financial statements.  

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases , which amended guidance for lease arrangements in order to increase
transparency and comparability by providing additional information to users of financial statements regarding an entity's leasing
activities. The revised guidance seeks to achieve this objective by requiring reporting entities to recognize lease assets and
lease liabilities on the balance sheet for substantially all lease arrangements. The guidance, which is required to be adopted
in the first quarter of 2019, will be applied on a modified retrospective basis beginning with the earliest period presented.
Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance on our consolidated financial statements.  

In
July 2015, FASB issued ASU 2015-11,  Inventory  (Topic 330) Related to Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory applies to
all inventory except that which is measured using last-in, first-out (LIFO) or the retail inventory method. Inventory measured
using first-in, first-out (FIFO) or average cost is included in the new amendments. Inventory within the scope of the new guidance
should be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the
ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. The amendments will
take effect for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods thereafter.
The new guidance should be applied prospectively, and earlier application is permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual
reporting period. We are evaluating the impact of the standard on the consolidated financial statements.  

In
August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern,  which states
management should evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise a substantial doubt
about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are
issued.  Management s evaluation should be based on relevant conditions and events that are known and likely to occur
at the date that the financial statements are issued.  The standard update will be effective for the annual period ending
after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter, however, early application is permitted.  The
Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2014-15 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures,
but does not anticipate a material impact.  

17.
Reclassifications   

Certain
reclassifications were made to the 2015 consolidated financial statements to conform to the 2016 presentation with no effect on
net loss or shareholders  equity.  

NOTE
3: ACQUISITIONS    

Acquisition
of ConeXus World Global    

On
October 15, 2015, we completed the acquisition of ConeXus World Global, LLC for 2,080,000 shares of Series A-1 Convertible Preferred
Stock, and the conversion of $823 of ConeXus World Global debt into (i) 2,639,258 shares of our common stock, and (ii) $150
in principal amount of our convertible debt and a warrant to purchase 267,857 shares of common stock.  

Page
                                           10  
                                         of  31  

The debtholders and members of ConeXus received
a total of 1,664,000 shares of Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $1.00, and 16,000,000 shares of our common stock,
par value $0.01. In accordance with the terms of the amendment to the agreement and plan of merger and reorganization, an additional
416,000 shares of Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock and 4,000,000 shares of common stock were to be issued upon the reorganization
of the capital structure of a Belgian affiliate of ConeXus. As of the date of this report, this reorganization has not occurred
and the Company will not be acquiring the ConeXus Belgian affiliate. Therefore, no liability has been recorded for these additional
shares, the consideration has not been included in the purchase price allocation and the financial results of the Belgian affiliate
have not been included in the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

In
our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2016, filed with the SEC on May 13, 2016, we disclosed the preliminary
estimate of the consideration transferred to effect the merger. The following is the consideration actually transferred to effect
the merger:  

Issuance of common shares to ConeXus  shareholders    
     $  3,520     
 
     Issuance of preferred shares to ConeXus shareholders    
        1,664     
 
     Issuance of convertible promissory note with warrants    
        150     
 
     Total consideration    
     $  5,334     

The
fair value of the warrants is based on the Black-Scholes valuation model, using the CRI, Inc. share price on the merger date as
an input.  

The
following assumptions were applied in determining the grant date fair value of the (for accounting purposes only) warrant award:   

Our
computation of expected volatility is based on historical volatility. The expected warrant term was the life of the warrant. The
risk free interest rate of the award is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the merger and having
a term consistent with the expected term of the award.  

Under
the acquisition method of accounting, the total purchase price is allocated to the identifiable tangible and intangible assets
and liabilities of ConeXus World Global, LLC acquired in the merger, based on their fair values at the merger date. The estimated
fair values are based on the information that was available as of the merger date or became available during the measurement period.
We believe that the information provides a reasonable basis for estimating the fair values. The fair value of goodwill and other
liabilities was updated to reflect a measurement period adjustment. A tax benefit of $635 was recognized for the three months
ended June 30, 2016 and the nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, on the Company s condensed consolidated
statements of operations and would have been recorded for the year ended December 31, 2015 if the adjustment to the provisional
amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date. See Note 12: Income Taxes. We believe that the information provides a
reasonable basis for estimating the fair values. The allocation of the purchase price has been allocated to assets acquired and
liabilities assumed as follows:  

Page
                                           11  
                                         of  31  

The
estimated fair value of amortizable intangible assets of approximately $1.8 million is amortized on a straight-line basis over
the weighted average estimated useful life. The purchase price allocation to identifiable intangible assets and related amortization
lives are as follows:   

The
fair values of the customer relationship were estimated using a discounted present value income approach. Under the income approach,
an intangible asset s fair value is equal to the present value of future economic benefits to be derived from ownership
of the asset. Indications of value are determined by discounting future net cash flows to their present value at market-based
rates of return. The useful life of the intangible assets for amortization purposes was determined considering the period of expected
cash flows used to measure the fair value of the intangible assets adjusted as appropriate for the entity-specific factors including
legal, regulatory, contractual, competitive, economic or other factors that may limit the useful life of intangible assets.  

The
goodwill recognized as a result of the merger is attributable primarily to the strategic and synergistic opportunities across
the marketing technology spectrum, expected corporate synergies and the assembled workforce.  

We
incurred approximately $0.2 million of acquisition-related costs that were expensed during the year ended December 31, 2015. These
costs are included in selling, general and administrative costs in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. No such
costs were incurred for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

The following unaudited pro forma consolidated
financial results have been prepared for illustrative purposes only and do not purport to be indicative of the results of operations
that actually would have resulted had the acquisitions of ConeXus (discussed above) occurred on the first day of the earliest
period presented, or of future results of the consolidated entities. 

The
unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated financial information includes amortization expense from the acquired assets and transaction
costs assuming the merger occurred on January 1, 2015. The unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated financial information does
not reflect any operating efficiencies and cost savings that may be realized from the integration of the acquisition.  

Page
                                           12  
                                         of  31  

NOTE
4: FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS   

Factoring Agreement   

On October 15, 2015, we
entered into a Factoring Agreement with Allied Affiliated Funding, L.P. Under the Factoring Agreement, Allied Affiliated Funding,
or  Allied,  was permitted, but not required to purchase approved receivables from the Company and its subsidiaries
up to a maximum amount of $3.0 million. Upon receipt of any advance under the Factoring Agreement, the Company and its subsidiaries
sold and assigned all of their rights in such receivables and all proceeds thereof to Allied, with recourse. The purchase price
for receivables bought and sold under the Factoring Agreement was equal to their face amount less a 1.10% base discount. Added
to the base discount is an additional .037% discount from the face value of a receivable for each day beyond 30 days that the
receivable remained unpaid by the account debtor. The base discount was subject to adjustment in the event of changes in the prime
lending rate as published by The Wall Street Journal. Allied provided advances under the Factoring Agreement net of an applicable
reserve amount, as specified in the agreement. The obligations of the Company and its subsidiaries under the Factoring Agreement
are secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries. Allied had the right under the Factoring Agreement
to require the Company to repurchase any receivable earlier sold for a purchase price equal to the face value of the receivable.
The Factoring Agreement had an initial term of one year, subject to potential one-year renewals thereafter, unless earlier terminated
(or not renewed) in accordance with the agreement. The Company terminated the Factoring Agreement on August 17, 2016, upon payment
to Allied of an early termination fee equal to $37.5. The table below provides an analysis of the accounts receivables factored
at December 31, 2015. There were no receivables factored at September 30, 2016. 

NOTE
5: FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT   

We
measure certain financial assets, including cash equivalents, at fair value on a recurring basis. In accordance with FASB ASC
820-10-30, fair value is a market-based measurement that should be determined based on the assumptions that market participants
would use in pricing an asset or liability. As a basis for considering such assumptions, ASC 820-10-35 establishes a three-level
hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. The three hierarchy levels are defined as follows:  

Level
1   Valuations based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets.  

Level
2   Valuations based on observable inputs (other than Level 1 prices), such as quoted prices for similar assets at the measurement
date; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly.  

Level
3   Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and involve management judgment and the reporting entity s own
assumptions about market participants and pricing.  

The
following table presents information about the Company's warrant liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis
and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation techniques the Company used to determine such fair value. See Note 13
for the inputs used for the probability weighted Black Scholes valuations when the warrants were issued and during the nine-month
period ending September 30, 2016.  

Page
                                           13  
                                         of  31  

NOTE
6: OTHER FINANCIAL STATEMENT INFORMATION   

The
following table provides details of selected financial statement items:   

Inventories   

Nine Months Ended     

September 30,     

2016       
     2015     
 
      Supplemental Cash Flow Information     

Non-cash Investing and Financing Activities     

Noncash preferred stock dividends    
     $  338       
     $  274     
 
     Issuance of notes in exchange for accounts payable       
     $  288       
     $  -     
 
     Issuance of stock upon conversion of preferred stock    
     $  176       
     $  -     
 
     Issuance of stock in exchange for accounts payable       
     $  86       
     $  -     

NOTE
7: GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS   

Goodwill   

Changes
in goodwill for the period from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016 are as follows:  

Other
Intangible Assets   

Other
intangible assets consisted of the following at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:   

Page
                                           14  
                                         of  31  

For
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, amortization of intangible assets charged to operations was $470 and $364,
and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 amortization of intangible assets charged to operations was $1,409 and
$1,096, respectively.   

The
Company has made comprehensive upgrades to its technology platform. Due to these upgrades, the Company evaluated the recoverability
of the carrying amount of the original technology platform intangible asset at September 30, 2016. Based upon this evaluation,
the Company determined that the technology platform intangible asset was impaired as its value was not recoverable and exceeded
its fair value. The Company recognized an impairment loss of $1,065.  

Goodwill
represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired. Goodwill is subject to an impairment
review at a reporting unit level, on an annual basis as of the end of September of each fiscal year, or when an event occurs
or circumstances change that would indicate potential impairment. The Company has only one reporting unit, and therefore the
entire goodwill is allocated to that reporting unit.  

The
Company has the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads
to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If,
after assessing the totality of events or circumstances, the Company determines it is not more likely than not that the fair value
of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then performing the two-step impairment test is unnecessary. The Company
performed its annual goodwill impairment test at September 30, 2016.  

Utilizing
the two-step impairment test, the Company first assessed the carrying value of goodwill at the  reporting unit level based on
an estimate of the fair value of the respective reporting unit. Fair value of the reporting unit was estimated using a
discounted cash flow analyses consisting of various assumptions, including expectations of future cash flows based on
projections or forecasts derived from analysis of business prospects and economic or market trends that may occur,
specifically the Company gave significant, considerations for purchase orders expected to be completed in the fourth quarter
of 2016 and orders actively being negotiated for fiscal 2017. We also used these same expectations in a number of valuation
models in addition to discounted cash flows, including, leveraged buy-out, trading comps and market capitalization, and
ultimately determined an estimated fair value of our reporting unit based on weighted average calculations from these models.
Based on the Company's assessment, we determined that the fair value of our reporting unit exceeds its carrying value,
and accordingly, the goodwill associated with the reporting unit is not considered to be impaired at September
30, 2016.   

The
Company recognizes that any changes in our actual fourth quarter 2016 or projected 2017 results could potentially have a material
impact on our assessment of goodwill impairment. The Company will continue to monitor the actual performance of its operations
against expectations and assess indicators of possible impairment. The valuation of goodwill and intangible assets is subject
to a high degree of judgment, uncertainty and complexity. Should any indicators of impairment occur in subsequent periods, the
Company will be required to perform an analysis in order to determine whether goodwill is impaired. 

Page
                                           15  
                                         of  31  

NOTE
8: LOANS PAYABLE   

The outstanding promissory notes with detachable warrants, as applicable, are shown in the table below. Further
discussion of the notes follows.  

Obligations
under the secured convertible promissory notes are secured by a grant of collateral security in all of the tangible assets of
the co-makers pursuant to the terms of an amended and restated security agreement.  

On August 17, 2016, we entered into a Loan and
Security Agreement with Slipstream Communications, LLC, a related party (see Note 11), under which we obtained a $3.0 million
term loan, with interest thereon at 8% per annum, maturing on August 17, 2017 (with a one-year option for us to extend that maturity,
so long as we are not then in default and we deliver additional warrants to the lender). The term loan contains certain customary
restrictions including, but not limited to, restrictions on mergers and consolidations with other entities, cancellation of any
debt or incurring new debt (subject to certain exceptions), and other customary restrictions. In connection with the loan, we
issued the lender a five-year warrant to purchase up to 5,882,352 shares of common stock. The proceeds from the loan were used
to (i) satisfy the obligations owed to Allied Affiliated Lending, L.P. under the Factoring Agreement (see Note 4), (ii) pay off
certain obligations under settlement arrangements in effect as of the date hereof (see Note 9), and (iii) obtain working capital.
The Loan and Security Agreement permits the lender to make additional advances of up to an additional $1.0 million. In connection
with this financing transaction, we terminated the Factoring Agreement with Allied Affiliated Lending. Our principal subsidiaries
  Creative Realities, Inc., Creative Realities, LLC, Conexus World Global, LLC, and Broadcast International, Inc.  
were also parties to the securities purchase agreement and are co-makers of the secured convertible promissory notes. The fair
value of the warrants on the issuance date was $361. See Note 13 for the Black Scholes inputs used to calculate the fair value
of the warrants. 

On
June 29, 2016, we offered and sold to an accredited investor a secured convertible promissory note in the principal amount of
$50,000 and five-year warrants to purchase up to 89,286 shares of Creative Realities  common stock at a per-share price
of $0.28 (subject to adjustment), all pursuant to a securities purchase agreement. Our principal subsidiaries   Creative
Realities, LLC, Wireless Ronin Technologies Canada, Inc., and Conexus World Global, LLC   were also parties to the securities
purchase agreement and are co-makers of the secured convertible promissory notes. The fair value of the warrants on the issuance
date was $6. See Note 13, for the Black Scholes inputs used to calculate the fair value of the warrants.  

Page
                                           16  
                                         of  31  

On
June 13, 2016, upon receipt of an additional $300 of principal, we exchanged two short term notes totaling $150 for two secured
convertible promissory notes totaling a principal amount of $450 and five-year warrants to purchase up to 803,572 shares of Creative
Realities  common stock at a per-share price of $0.28 (subject to adjustment), all pursuant to a securities purchase agreement.
Our principal subsidiaries   Creative Realities, LLC, Wireless Ronin Technologies Canada, Inc., and Conexus World Global,
LLC   were also parties to the securities purchase agreement and are co-makers of the secured convertible promissory notes.
This exchange is accounted for as a modification of the debt. The fair value of the warrants on the issuance date was $57. See
Note 13, for the Black Scholes inputs used to calculate the fair value of the warrants.  

On
or about May 3, 2016, we offered and sold to an accredited investor a secured convertible promissory note in the principal amount
of $500,000 and five-year warrants to purchase up to 892,857 shares of Creative Realities  common stock at a per-share price
of $0.28 (subject to adjustment), all pursuant to a securities purchase agreement. Our principal subsidiaries   Creative
Realities, LLC, Wireless Ronin Technologies Canada, Inc., and Conexus World Global, LLC   were also parties to the securities
purchase agreement and are co-makers of the secured convertible promissory notes. In connection with the offer and sale of the
above-described secured convertible promissory note, we incurred commissions to a placement agent aggregating $25. The fair value
of the warrants on the issuance date was $89. See Note 13, for the Black Scholes inputs used to calculate the fair value of the
warrants.  

The
secured promissory notes mature on April 15, 2017, unless the holder of a note elects to extend the maturity date for an additional
six-month period in which case such note will mature on October 15, 2017. At any time prior to the maturity date, the investors
may convert the outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest into Creative Realities  common stock at a conversion
price equal to $0.28 per-share (subject to adjustment).  

The
Company and the investors entered into registration rights agreements requiring Creative Realities to register under the Securities
Act of 1933 the resale of the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the secured notes and upon exercise of the warrants.
The Company filed a registration statement on Form S-1/A on May 13, 2016 registering 23,272,184 shares of common stock and that
registration statement became effective on June 1, 2016.  

NOTE
9: STRUCTURED SETTLEMENT PROGRAM   

In March 2016, the Company
issued 8.00% nonconvertible promissory notes in favor of certain general unsecured creditors in the aggregate principal amount
of $288 to settle an aggregate amount of $839 of accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities. The aggregate amount
of payables, accrued expenses and other liabilities was subsequently revised to $796. In September 2016, the amounts previously
settled with nonconvertible promissory notes were paid in cash of $249 resulting in a gain on the debt settlement of $547. No
gain was not previously recorded. 

In
June 2016, the Company settled debt of $614 for $123 cash payment and the issuance of 409,347 shares of the Company s restricted
common stock, fair value at conversion date of $85, and recognized a gain on debt restructuring of $406. In conjunction with this
debt settlement, an additional 809,842 shares of restricted common stock were issued to investors for cash to facilitate the settlement
of a portion of the $614 debt.  

NOTE
10: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES   

Litigation   

In February 2016, a former vendor alleging our
failure to pay outstanding invoices for approximately $335, which is included in accounts payable in the accompanying condensed
consolidated balance sheets, initiated a breach-of-contract lawsuit against us. It is our objective that we reach a negotiated
settlement with the vendor. At this time, we do not believe this matter individually is likely to have a material adverse impact
on the Company. 

In February 2016, a former vendor alleging our
failure to pay outstanding invoices for approximately $70, which is included in accounts payable in the accompanying condensed
consolidated balance sheets, filed a motion for summary judgment against us. We have filed an opposition motion to the request
for summary judgment, and have initiated a counter-claim in the same venue. It is our objective that we reach a negotiated settlement
with the vendor. At this time, we do not believe this matter individually is likely to have a material adverse impact on the Company. 

Page
                                           17  
                                         of  31  

NOTE
11: RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS   

On
August 17, 2016, we entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with Slipstream Communications, LLC, a related party investor,
under which we obtained a $3.0 million term loan, with interest thereon at 8% per annum, maturing on August 17, 2017 (with a one-year
option for us to extend that maturity, so long as we are not then in default and we deliver additional warrants to the lender).
In connection with the loan, we issued the lender a five-year warrant to purchase up to 5,882,352 shares of Creative Realities 
common stock at a per share price of $0.28 (subject to adjustment).  

For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company had sales with a related party entity that is 24% owned by a member
of senior management. Sales were $614 and $990 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. Accounts
receivable due from the related party was $296 at September 30, 2016.  

In
December 2015, in connection with the offer and sale of the December 28, 2015 secured convertible promissory notes, the Company
issued to related party investors five-year warrants to purchase up to 1,750,000 shares of Creative Realities  common stock
at a per share price of $0.28 (subject to adjustment) in consideration of additional covenants and facilitating the financing.
The note matures on April 15, 2017.  

In
connection with the ConeXus acquisition in October 2015, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with our CEO
under which it offered and sold a secured $150 - 14% interest convertible promissory note with an immediately exercisable five-year
warrant to purchase up to 267,857 shares of the Company s common stock at a per-share price of $0.28 (subject to adjustment).
The note matures on April 15, 2017.  

In
July 2015, the Company obtained two 1% demand promissory notes in the amounts of $100 and $50 from related party investors. 
The Company obtained cash of $300 from these related parties and converted the demand promissory notes to convertible promissory
notes on June 13, 2016 of $200 and $250, with five year warrants immediately exercisable to purchase up to 357,143 and 446,429,
respectively, at a per share price of $0.28 (subject to adjustment). The secured promissory notes include accrued interest from
July 2015 to June 13, 2016 at 14% on original principle amounts of $12 and $6, respectively. The notes mature on April 15, 2017.  

In
May 2015, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with a related party investor under which it offered and sold
a secured $465 14% interest convertible promissory note with a five-year warrant immediately exercisable to purchase up to 762,295
shares of common stock at a per-share price of $0.31. On June 23, 2015, this secured convertible promissory note together with
accrued but unpaid interest and a 25% conversion premium was converted into a $585 - 14% convertible promissory note, maturing
on August 18, 2016, with new five-year warrants to purchase up to 935,210 shares of common stock at a price of $0.30 per share,
in a private placement exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933. The interest is payable 12% in cash and 2% as
additional principal amount to the note. In connection with the offer and sale of the October 26, 2015 secured convertible promissory
note, we entered into extension agreements with the holders of this secured convertible promissory to primarily extend the maturity
date to April 15, 2017 in exchange for 109,688 shares of common stock valued at $24. This change was accounted for as a modification
of the debt. The $24 is recognized as additional debt discount that will be amortized over the remaining life of the debt.  

In
February 2015, the Company entered into an agreement with a related party investor to purchase 50,000 shares of convertible preferred
stock with an immediately exercisable five-year warrant to purchase up to 62,500 shares of the Company s common stock at
the as adjusted per-share price of $0.36 for $50.  

In
February 2015, the Company entered into an agreement with a related party investor to purchase 175,000 shares of convertible preferred
stock with an immediately exercisable five-year warrant to purchase up to 218,750 shares of the Company s common stock at
the as adjusted per-share price of $0.36 in exchange for a previously outstanding convertible promissory note in the amount of
$175.  

NOTE
12: INCOME TAXES    

Our
deferred tax assets are primarily related to net federal and state operating loss carryforwards (NOLs). We have substantial NOLs
that are limited in its usage by IRC Section 382. IRC Section 382 generally imposes an annual limitation on the amount of NOLs
that may be used to offset taxable income when a corporation has undergone significant changes in stock ownership within a statutory
testing period. We have performed a preliminary analysis of the annual NOL carryforwards and limitations that are available to
be used against taxable income. The estimated NOL carryforward for federal purposes is $18.6 million and foreign NOL carryforward
is $5.9 million as of September 30, 2016. Based on the losses of the Company, there continues to be a full valuation allowance
against the net deferred tax assets of the Company.  

For
the three months and the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we reported a deferred tax expense/(benefit) of $62 and $(453),
respectively.  The tax benefit is primarily attributable to a measurement period adjustment for the reduction of the valuation
allowance for a liability booked for amortizable intangible assets in connection with the acquisition of ConeXus as governed by
ASC 805.  This reduction of the valuation allowance also resulted in an increase in goodwill of ConeXus for $635.  

Page
                                           18  
                                         of  31  

The
net deferred liability at September 30, 2016 of $539 represents the liability relating to indefinite lived assets, which is not
more likely than not to be offset by the company s deferred tax assets.  

NOTE
13: CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND WARRANTS   

On
August 17, 2016, the Company issued a warrant to purchase 5,882,352 shares of common stock at the per share price of $0.28 (subject
to adjustment) pursuant to a securities purchase agreement as more fully described in Note 8, Loans Payable.  

On
June 29, 2016, the Company issued a warrant to purchase 89,286 shares of common stock at the per share price of $0.28 (subject
to adjustment) pursuant to a securities purchase agreement as more fully described in Note 8, Loans Payable.  

On
June 13, 2016, the Company issued a warrant to purchase 803,572 shares of common stock at the per share price of $0.28 (subject
to adjustment) pursuant to a securities purchase agreement as more fully described in Note 8, Loans Payable.  

On
May 3, 2016, the Company issued a warrant to purchase 892,857 shares common stock at the per share price of $0.28 (subject to
adjustment) pursuant to a securities purchase agreement as more fully described in Note 8, Loans Payable.  

On January 15, 2016,
the Company issued a warrant to purchase 250,000 shares of the Company s common stock at the per share price of $0.28 (subject
to adjustment) in exchange for services rendered related to the issuance of debt on December 28, 2015. The fair value of the warrants
on the issuance date was $20. The warrants were recorded as a liability with a discount to the debt issued, which will be amortized
over the life of the debt. 

Listed
below are the range of inputs used for the probability weighted Black Scholes option pricing model valuations when the warrants
were issued and at September 30, 2016.  

Page
                                           19  
                                         of  31  

A
summary of outstanding debt and equity warrants is included below:  

NOTE
14: STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY   

In
June 2016, in conjunction with the structured settlement program, the Company issued 409,347 shares of its restricted common stock
to creditors and 809,842 shares of stock were issued to investors.  

On
May 4, 2016, 409,347 shares of the Company s common stock were issued to certain creditors of the Company in settlement
of outstanding accounts payable aggregating $163 pursuant to agreements entered into in March 2016. The Company recognized a gain
on debt extinguishment of $78 on the date the stock was issued.  

A
summary of outstanding options is included below:  

On
May 25, 2016, the Company granted 10-year options to purchase 300,000 shares of its common stock to an employee. The options vest
over 4 years and have an exercise price of $0.19. The fair value of the options on the grant date was $0.12 and was determined
using the Black-Sholes model. The following inputs were used:  

The
weighted average remaining contractual life for options exercisable is 8.72 years as of September 30, 2016.  

Page
                                           20  
                                         of  31  

NOTE
15: STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION   

Stock
Compensation Expense Information   

ASC
718-10,  Stock Compensation , requires measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all stock-based payments including
warrants, stock options, restricted stock grants and stock bonuses based on estimated fair values. Under the Amended and Restated
2006 Equity Incentive Plan, the Company reserved 1,720,000 shares for purchase by the Company s employees and under the
Amended and Restated 2006 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan the Company reserved 700,000 shares for purchase by the Company s
employees. There are 365,500 options outstanding under the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan. In October 2014, the Company s shareholders
approved the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan, under which 7,390,355 shares were reserved for purchase by the Company s employees.
There are 6,699,999 options outstanding under the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan.  

Compensation
expense recognized for the issuance of stock options for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was as follows:  

At
September 30, 2016, there was approximately $882 of total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested share-based awards.
Generally, this expense will be recognized over the next 4.0 years and will be adjusted for any future changes in estimated forfeitures.   

Stock-based
compensation expense is based on awards ultimately expected to vest and is reduced for estimated forfeitures. ASC 718-10-55 requires
forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ
from those estimates. The Company applied a pre-vesting forfeiture rate of 10% based on upon actual historical experience for
employee option awards of the registrant.  

On
October 15, 2015, our current CEO was awarded 4,951,557 performance shares with a grant date to be determined upon certain conditions
being satisfied.  

NOTE
16: SEGMENT INFORMATION AND SIGNIFICANT CUSTOMERS   

Segment
Information   

We
currently operate in one reportable segment, marketing technology solutions. Substantially all property and equipment is located
at our offices in the United States, and a data center located in the United States. All sales for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 were in the United States and Canada.  

Major
Customers    

We
had 3 customers that in the aggregate accounted for 57% and 53% of accounts receivable as of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, respectively. In 2015, we were no longer doing business with our largest customer that accounted for 16% of 2015 sales.  

The
Company had 3 and 4 customers that accounted for 64% and 57% of revenue for the three months and the nine months ended September
30, 2016, respectively.  

Page
                                           21  
                                         of  31  

Item
2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results   of Operations Forward-Looking Statements   

The
following discussion contains various forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Although
we believe that, in making any such statement, our expectations are based on reasonable assumptions, any such statement may be
influenced by factors that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different from those projected. When used
in the following discussion, the words  anticipates,   believes,   expects,   intends, 
 plans,   estimates  and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, are intended to
identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that
could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those anticipated, certain of which are beyond our control, are set forth under the caption  Risk Factors  in
the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April
4, 2016.  

Our
actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, forward-looking statements.
Accordingly, we cannot be certain that any of the events anticipated by forward-looking statements will occur or, if any of them
do occur, what impact they will have on us. We caution you to keep in mind the cautions and risks described in this document and
to refrain from attributing undue certainty to any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of the document
in which they appear. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement.  

Overview   

Creative
Realities, Inc. is a Minnesota corporation that provides innovative digital marketing technology solutions to retailers, brand
marketers, venue-operators, enterprises, non-profits and other organizations throughout the United States and a growing number
of international markets. Our technology and solutions include: digital merchandising systems, interactive digital shopping assistants
and kiosks, mobile digital marketing platforms, digital way-finding platforms, digital menu board systems, dynamic signage, and
other digital marketing technologies. We enable our clients  engagement with consumers by using combinations of our technology
and solutions that interact with mobile, social media, point-of-sale, wireless networks and web-based platforms. We have expertise
in a broad range of existing and emerging digital marketing technologies, as well as the following related aspects of our business:
content, network management, and connected device software and firmware platforms; customized software service layers; hardware
platforms; digital media workflows; and proprietary processes and automation tools. We believe we are one of the world s
leading digital marketing technology companies focused on helping retailers and brands use the latest technologies to create better
shopping experiences.  

Our
main operations are conducted directly through Creative Realities, Inc. and under our wholly owned subsidiaries Creative Realities,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Wireless Ronin Technologies Canada, Inc., a Canadian corporation, and ConeXus World
Global, LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company.  

We
generate revenue in this business by:  

consulting
    with our customers to determine the technologies and solutions required to achieve their specific goals, strategies and objectives;   

designing
    our customers  digital marketing experiences, content and interfaces;   

engineering
    the systems architecture delivering the digital marketing experiences we design   both software and hardware  
    and integrating those systems into a customized, reliable and effective digital marketing experience;   

managing
    the efficient, timely and cost-effective deployment of our digital marketing technology solutions for our customers;   

delivering
    and updating the content of our digital marketing technology solutions using a suite of advanced media, content and network
    management software products; and   

maintaining
    our customers  digital marketing technology solutions by: providing content production and related services; creating
    additional software-based features and functionality; hosting the solutions; monitoring solution service levels; and responding
    to and/or managing remote or onsite field service maintenance, troubleshooting and support calls.   

Page
                                           22  
                                         of  31  

These
activities generate revenue through: bundled-solution sales; service fees for consulting, experience design, content development
and production, software development, engineering, implementation, and field services; software license fees; and maintenance
and support services related to our software, managed systems and solutions.  

We
currently market and sell our technology and solutions primarily through our sales and business development personnel, but we
also utilize agents, strategic partners, and lead generators who provide us with access to additional sales, business development
and licensing opportunities.  

Our
expenses are primarily comprised of three categories: sales and marketing, research and development, and general and administrative.
Sales and marketing expenses include salaries and benefits for our sales, business development solution management and marketing
personnel, and commissions paid on sales. This category also includes amounts spent on marketing networking events, promotional
materials, hardware and software to prospective new customers, including those expenses incurred in trade shows and product demonstrations,
and other related expenses. Our research and development expenses represent the salaries and benefits of those individuals who
develop and maintain our proprietary software platforms and other software applications we design and sell to our customers. Our
general and administrative expenses consist of corporate overhead, including administrative salaries, real property lease payments,
salaries and benefits for our corporate officers and other expenses such as legal and accounting fees.  

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates   

The
Company's significant accounting policies are described in Note 2 of the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements
included elsewhere in this filing. The Company s condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Certain accounting policies involve significant judgments,
assumptions, and estimates by management that could have a material impact on the carrying value of certain assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed consolidated financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  

Results
of Operations   

Note:
All dollar amounts reported in Results of Operations are in thousands, except per-share information.   

Three
Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015      

The
tables presented below compare our results of operations from one period to another, and present the results for each period and
the change in those results from one period to another in both dollars and percentage change.  

For
the three months ended September 30, 2015, the financial results of ConeXus are not included as the acquisition date was October
15, 2015. As a result of this merger, the results of operations may not be entirely comparable and the variances are explained
in more detail in the analysis below.  

Page
                                           23  
                                         of  31  

The
columns present the following:  

The
    first two data columns in the table show the dollar results for each period presented.   

The
    column entitled  Change - Dollars  show the change in results, in dollars. The column entitled  Change -
    %  show the change in percentages.     

NM
- not meaningful  

Sales    

Sales
decreased by $661 or 20% in 2016 compared to 2015. During 2015, the Company made a significant realignment and reorganization
of its sales, account management, and business development personnel, which resulted in a significantly reduced sales pipeline.
The Company terminated a customer relationship in August 2015 in connection with this initiative. This decrease was offset by
approximately $1.6 million of additional revenue from ConeXus, which we merged with on October 15, 2015.  

Gross
Profit    

Gross
profit margin on a percentage basis increased to 49% in 2016 from 45% in 2015, and decreased by $190 in absolute dollars during
the same period. The increase in gross profit margin is the result of our acquisition of ConeXus, the improved mix of higher margin
services, a reduction of traditionally lower margin hardware sales as a percentage of total sales, as well the winding down, termination
or renewal of certain customer relationships with modified business terms as a result of our business realignment, integration
and restructuring initiative.  

Sales
and Marketing Expenses    

Sales
and marketing expenses generally include the salaries, taxes, and benefits of our sales and marketing personnel, as well as trade
show activities, travel, and other related sales and marketing costs. Total sales and marketing expenses on increased 13% to $280
in 2016 from $247 in 2015. The increase is primarily due to an increase in payroll and related trade show expenses.  

Page
                                           24  
                                         of  31  

Research
and Development Expenses    

Research
and development expenses increased to $218 in 2016 compared to $25 in 2015. The increase is attributable to the payroll related
expenses of our software development personnel and consultants responsible for maintaining, supporting and enhancing our proprietary
content management system platforms.  

General
and Administrative Expenses    

Total
general and administrative expenses increased 6% or $83 to $1,562 in 2016 from $1,479 in 2015. The increases were primarily due
to an increase in related information technology infrastructure costs and travel, offset by a decrease in payroll expenses.  

Depreciation
and Amortization Expenses    

Depreciation
and amortization expenses increased 23% to $540 in 2016 from $439 in 2015 primarily due to the amortization of intangible assets
acquired in the ConeXus merger transaction.  

Nine
Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015   

The
tables presented below compare our results of operations from one period to another, and present the results for each period and
the change in those results from one period to another in both dollars and percentage change.  

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the financial results of ConeXus are not included as the acquisition date was October
15, 2015. As a result of this merger, the results of operations may not be entirely comparable and the variances are explained
in more detail in the analysis below.  

Page
                                           25  
                                         of  31  

The
columns present the following:  

The
    first two data columns in each table show the dollar results for each period presented   

The
    columns entitled  Change - Dollars  and  Change - %  show the change in results, both in dollars and
    percentages. For example, when net sales increase from one period to the next that change is shown as a positive.  When
    net sales decrease from one period to the next, that change is shown as a negative in both columns.   

NM
- not meaningful                  

Sales    

Sales
decreased by $25 or 0.3% in 2016 compared to 2015. During 2015, the Company made significant realignment and reorganization of
its sales, account management, and business development personnel, which resulted in a significantly reduced sales pipeline. The
Company terminated a customer relationship in August 2015 in connection with this initiative. This decrease was offset by approximately
$4.8 million of additional revenue from ConeXus, which we merged with on October 15, 2015.  

Gross
Profit    

Gross
profit margin on a percentage basis increased to 51% in 2016 from 32% in 2015, and increased by $1,536 in absolute dollars during
the same period. The increase in gross profit margin and increase in absolute dollars are the result of our acquisition of ConeXus,
the improved mix of higher margin services, a reduction of traditionally lower margin hardware sales as a percentage of total
sales, as well the winding down, termination or renewal of certain customer relationships with modified business terms as a result
of our business realignment, integration and restructuring initiative.  

Sales
and Marketing Expenses    

Sales
and marketing expenses generally include the salaries, taxes, and benefits of our sales and marketing personnel, as well as trade
show activities, travel, and other related sales and marketing costs. Total sales and marketing expenses decreased 18% to $753
in 2016 from $921 in 2015. The decrease is primarily due to a decrease in marketing and related trade show expenses.  

Page
                                           26  
                                         of  31  

Research
and Development Expenses    

Research
and development expenses increased to $736 in 2016 compared to $510 in 2015. The increase is attributable to the payroll related
expenses of our software development personnel and consultants responsible for maintaining, supporting and enhancing our proprietary
content management system platforms.  

General
and Administrative Expenses    

Total
general and administrative expenses decreased 12% or $(646) to $4,751 in 2016 from $5,397 in 2015. The decreases were primarily
due to a decrease in payroll of $476 as the company recorded severance to a former executive of $464 in the second quarter 2015.  

Depreciation
and Amortization Expenses    

Depreciation
and amortization expenses increased 25% to $1,614 in 2016 from $1,296 in 2015 primarily due to the amortization of intangible
assets acquired in the ConeXus merger transaction.  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources       

We
incurred net losses and negative cash flows from operating activities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.
At September 30, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $976 and a working capital deficit of $(8,420). Cash used in operating
activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $3,738. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to
continue as a going concern. Management believes that, despite our losses to date and while we can provide no assurance that our
ongoing integration efforts will be successful, the operations of the combined Company resulting from the completed acquisitions
and related restructuring actions will provide greater sales, margin, scale and operating efficiencies, all of which we believe
will ultimately lead to operating profitability and positive cash flows from operations. Additionally, the Company has entered
into a Loan and Security Agreement in August 2016 to raise additional financing which has lowered and will continue to reduce
our interest expense in the future.  

See
Note 8 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the Company s debt obligations.  

Operating
Activities    

We
do not currently generate positive cash flow. Our operational costs have been greater than sales generated to date. As of September
30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $(18,497). The cash flow used in operating activities was $(3,738) and (1,953) for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The majority of the cash consumed by operations for both periods
was attributed to our net losses of $(3,883) and $(5,915) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
Included in our net losses were non-cash charges  totali ng $1,884 and $1,415 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Investing
Activities    

Net
cash used in investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $(314) compared to $(585) during 2015. The
increase in cash used in investing activities is primarily related to the capitalization of software costs. We currently do not
have any material commitments for capital expenditures as of September 30, 2016, nor do we anticipate any significant expenditures
in 2016.  

Financing
Activities    

Net
cash provided by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $3,667 compared to $2,229 in 2015. The
decrease was primarily related to less loans payable.  

Contractual
Obligations   

We
have no material commitments for capital expenditures, and we do not anticipate any significant capital expenditures for the remainder
of 2016.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements   

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we did not engage in any off-balance sheet arrangements set forth in Item 303(a)
(4) of Regulation S-K.  

Page
                                           27  
                                         of  31  

Item 4.
Controls and Procedures    

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

We
maintain a system of disclosure controls and procedures that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in
our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, as appropriate, to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosures. Disclosure controls and procedures also include, without limitation, controls and procedures
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange
Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial
officers, or persons performing similar functions, and Board of Directors, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure.  

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and
VP, Corporate Controller, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)). Based on this evaluation, we concluded as of September 30, 2016 that our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective at the reasonable assurance level due to the material weaknesses described below.  

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting    

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  All internal control
systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can
provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.  

The
Company identified that, while certain improvements did occur in the Company s internal control over financial reporting
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of September 30,
2016 and that material weaknesses exist including: a deficient process to close the monthly consolidated financial statements
and prepare comprehensive and timely account analysis, and adequately document cost estimates in support of revenue recognition
under percentage of completion. In addition, Creative Realities, Inc. currently does not have an independent financial expert
on its Board of Directors.  

A
material weakness is a control deficiency (within the meaning of Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) Auditing Standard
No. 5) or combination of control deficiencies, that results in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the
annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Management has already implemented
certain practices and procedures during 2016 to address the foregoing material weaknesses, plans to expand the scope of its assessment
of the effectiveness of its internal controls over financial reporting at the consolidated Company in 2016, and develop a plan
to complete the remediation of the foregoing deficiencies.  

In
completing its assessment of internal control over financial reporting, management has used and anticipates to continue using
the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control 2013
Integrated Framework.  

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016, that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

Page
                                           28  
                                         of  31  

PART
II. OTHER INFORMATION   

Item
5. Other Information   

On
May 2, 2016, Eric J. Bertrand was appointed to the Board of Directors of Creative Realities, Inc.  Mr. Bertrand possesses
voting and investment power over shares beneficially held by Lincoln Road Media Partners LLC, which is the holder of a convertible
promissory note and warrant issued in a private placement transaction on April 14, 2016.  See Note 8 to the Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information.  Mr. Bertrand was appointed to the board in connection with Lincoln Road
Media s investment in the convertible note and warrant.  

Page
                                           29  
                                         of  31  

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

Creative
    Realities, Inc.   

Date:  November
    21, 2016  
      By   
      /s/
    Richard Mills   

Richard
    Mills   

Chief
    Executive Officer    

By  
      /s/
    John Walpuck   

John
    Walpuck   

Chief
        Financial Officer and  
          Chief
        Operating Officer    

Page
                                           30  
                                         of  31  

EXHIBITS
INDEX   

Page  31  of   31   

<EX-10.1>
 2
 f10q0916ex10i_creative.htm
 LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT WITH SLIPSTREAM COMMUNICATIONS, LLC, DATED AS OF AUGUST 17, 2016

Exhibit 10.1  

LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT   

This
Loan and Security Agreement   (this   Agreement  ),
dated as of August ___, 2016, is by and among Creative Realities, Inc., a Minnesota corporation (  CRI  ), Creative
Realities, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (  CRLLC  ), Broadcast International, Inc., a Utah corporation
( BII ), and Conexus World Global, LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company (  Conexus ,  and collectively
referred to together with CRI, CRLLC and BII as the   Borrower  ); and Slipstream Communications, LLC, an
Anguillan limited liability company (  Lender  ).  

INTRODUCTION   

Borrower
desires to obtain the Term Loan and other financial accommodations from Lender for the purpose of (i) refinancing the obligations
of Borrower owed to Allied Affiliated Lending, L.P. in connection with the Factoring Agreement, as defined below, (ii) paying
off certain obligations under settlement arrangements in effect as of the date hereof and (iii) to obtain working capital, and
Lender is willing to provide the Term Loan in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Capitalized terms used
and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in  Schedule A .  

AGREEMENT   

Now,
Therefore  , in consideration of the foregoing premises and the
mutual covenants herein contained, the parties hereby agree as follows:  

1.   
       AMOUNT
    AND TERMS OF CREDIT    

1.1             
 Term Loan . (a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Lender agrees to make the Term Loan to Borrower on
the Closing Date in the initial original principal amount of $3,000,000, with Lender having the right, but not the obligation,
to make additional Advances to Borrower, up to the Loan Limit, on the basis described in paragraph (b) below. The Term Loan, together
with any other Advances made by Lender to Borrower hereunder, shall be evidenced by, and be repayable in accordance with the terms
of, the Note and this Agreement.  

(b)              Lender
shall have the right but not the obligation, in its sole and complete discretion, to provide additional Advances to Borrower in
an aggregate amount of $1,000,000.  

1.2             
 Use of Proceeds; Amendment of Factoring Agreement . (a) Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Term Loan and all other Advances
solely for (i) the payment of all amounts due and owing by Borrower to Allied Affiliated Lending, L.P. (the   Senior Lender  )
pursuant to the Factoring Agreement, and (ii) payment of settled arrangements up to the amounts set forth on  Schedule
1.2  attached hereto, (iii) working capital purposes, and (iv) such other purposes as Lender may in its sole and complete discretion
permit.  

(b)             
On the Closing Date: (i) an amount of proceeds of the Term Loan sufficient to satisfy all amounts due and owing to the Senior
Lender shall be funded directly by Lender into an account of the Senior Lender, and the Lender shall obtain an agreement from
the Senior Lender satisfactory in form to the Lender in its sole discretion, among other things, in favor of the Lender and assigning
all of the rights, title and interest of the Senior Lender under the Factoring Agreement (specifically including all rights of
the Senior Lender under the financing statements filed on form UCC-1 in respect of the collateral security granted by the Borrower
to the Senior Lender under the Factoring Agreement); and (ii) the remaining amount of proceeds of the Term Loan shall be deposited
into an account of the Borrower under the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and (iii) at the close of business on the Closing
Date, the Factoring Agreement shall be deemed amended and restated in the form of this Agreement.  

1.3             
 Single Loan . The Term Loan and all of the other Obligations of Borrower to Lender arising in connection with this Agreement
shall constitute one general obligation of Borrower, secured by all of the Collateral.  

1.4             
 Interest . (a) Borrower shall pay interest to Lender on the outstanding balance of the Loan at the Loan Rate. All computations
of interest shall be made by Lender on the basis of a 360-day year, in each case for the actual number of days occurring in the
period for which such interest or fee is payable. In no event will Lender charge interest at a rate exceeding the highest rate
of interest permissible under any law that a court of competent jurisdiction shall, in a final determination, deem applicable.  

(b)              (i)
Interest shall accrue on the principal balance of the Term Loan and shall be paid on a monthly basis as specified in the Note,
(ii) all then-accrued but unpaid interest shall be paid on the Maturity Date, as the same may be extended in the manner contemplated
in the Note, and (iii) if any interest accrues or remains payable after the Termination Date, interest shall be paid upon demand
made by Lender.  

(c)            
 Effective upon the occurrence of an Event of Default and so long as the same shall be continuing, the Loan Rate shall automatically
be increased by six percentage points  per annum  (6.0%) (such increased rate, the   Default Rate  ). In
the event that the Loan Rate or the Default Rate exceeds the highest rate of interest permissible under applicable law, then the
Loan Rate and/or the Default Rate shall be the maximum amount as allowed by applicable law.  

(d)              If
any interest or any other payment to Lender under this Agreement becomes due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, such
payment date shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day.  

1.5             
 Receipt of Payments . Borrower shall make each payment under this Agreement (other than payments made pursuant to Section
1.6) without set-off, counterclaim or deduction, and free and clear of all Taxes, not later than 5:00 p.m., New York City time
on the day when due in lawful money of the United States of America in immediately available funds to the Payment Account. For
purposes of computing interest and fees, all payments shall be deemed received by Lender on the day of receipt of immediately
available funds.  

1.6             
 Warrant; Extension Warrant . On the Closing Date, CRI will execute and deliver to the Lender the Warrant in substantially
the form attached hereto as  Exhibit B . In the event that CRI elects to exercise its right under the Note to extend the
Maturity Date for the one additional one-year term contemplated in the Note, then, as a condition to the effectiveness of such
election, CRI shall execute and deliver to the Lender an Extension Warrant.  

2.   
       CONDITION
    PRECEDENT    

(a)  
      Lender
    shall not be obligated to make any Advance, or to perform any other action hereunder, until, all in form and substance satisfactory
    to Lender and its counsel:   

(i)  
      the
    Loan Documents have been executed and delivered by the Borrower on or before the Closing Date, including for purposes of clarity
    appropriate UCC-1 financing statements and UCC-3 amendments to financing statements;   

(ii)  
      the
    Senior Lender Assignment Agreement has been executed and delivered by the appropriate parties and the documents contemplated
    thereby as conditions precedent have been satisfied;   

(iii)  
      Lender
    has received UCC, judgment, and tax lien search results with respect to Borrower from each Borrower s jurisdiction of
    formation; and   

(iv)  
      Subordination
    Agreements have been executed and delivered by each CRI Noteholder.   

(b)  
      The
    obligations of the Lender hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:   

(i)    The
accuracy in all material respects when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Borrower contained
herein (unless as of a specific date therein);  

(ii)    all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Borrower required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been
performed;  

(iii)    the
delivery by the Borrower of the items set forth in Section 2.(a) of this Agreement; and  

(iv)    there
shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Borrower since the date hereof.  

3.   
       REPRESENTATIONS,
    WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS    

To
induce Lender to enter into this Agreement and to make the Loans, each Borrower hereby jointly and severally represents and warrants
to Lender (each of which representations and warranties shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement), and promises
to and agrees with Lender until the Termination Date as follows:  

3.1             
 Corporate Existence; Compliance with Law . Each Borrower: (a) is, as of the Closing Date, and will continue to be (i) a
corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization,
(ii) duly qualified to do business and in good standing in each other jurisdiction where its ownership or lease of property or
the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified could not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (iii) in compliance with all Requirements of Law, except to the extent failure to comply
therewith could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (b) has and
will continue to have (i) the requisite corporate power and authority and the legal right to execute, deliver and perform its
obligations under the Loan Documents, and to own, pledge, mortgage or otherwise encumber and operate its properties, to lease
the property it operates under lease, and to conduct its business as now, heretofore or proposed to be conducted, and (ii) all
licenses, permits, franchises, rights, powers, consents or approvals from or by all Persons or Governmental Authorities having
jurisdiction over such Borrower that are necessary or appropriate for the conduct of its business.  

3.2             
 Executive Offices; Corporate or Other Names . (a) Each Borrower s name as it appears in official filings in the state
of its incorporation or organization, (b) the type of entity of each Borrower, (c) the organizational identification number issued
by each Borrower s state of incorporation or organization or a statement that no such number has been issued, (d) each Borrower s
state of organization or incorporation, and (e) the location of each Borrower s chief executive office, corporate offices,
other locations of Collateral and locations where records with respect to Collateral are kept, are as set forth in  Disclosure
Schedule 3.2  and, except as set forth in such schedule, such locations have not changed during the preceding 12 months.  

3.3             
 Corporate Power; Authorization; Enforceable Obligations . The execution, delivery and performance by each Borrower of the
Loan Documents to which it is a party, and the creation of all Liens provided for herein and therein: (a) are and will continue
to be within the Borrower s power and authority; (b) have been and will continue to be duly authorized by all necessary
or proper action; (c) are not and will not be in violation of any Requirement of Law or, except as set forth in  Disclosure
Schedule 3.3 , conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a
default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of Borrower, or give to others any rights
of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit
facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Borrower debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which Borrower is a party
or by which any property or asset of Borrower is bound or affected or any other Contractual Obligation of Borrower; (d) do not
and will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien (other than Permitted Encumbrances) upon any of the Collateral;
and (e) do not and will not require the consent or approval of any Governmental Authority or any other Person. As of the Closing
Date, each Loan Document shall have been duly executed and delivered on behalf of Borrower, and each such Loan Document upon such
execution and delivery shall be and will continue to be a legal, valid and binding obligation of Borrower, enforceable against
it in accordance with its terms, except as such enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency and other similar laws affecting
creditors  rights generally. The shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, when issued in accordance with the terms
of the Warrants, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by any Borrower other
than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents and applicable securities laws.  

3.4             
 Financial Statements and Projections; Books and Records . All Financial Statements are true, correct and complete and reflect
fairly and accurately the financial condition of Borrower (on a consolidated basis) as of the date thereof in accordance with
GAAP, except (solely with respect to any interim Financial Statements) the absence of footnotes and normal year-end adjustments.
Borrower shall keep adequate Books and Records with respect to the Collateral and its business activities in which proper entries,
reflecting all consolidated and consolidating financial transactions, and payments and credits received on, and all other dealings
with, the Collateral, will be made in accordance with GAAP and all Requirements of Law and on a basis consistent with the Financial
Statements.  

3.5             
 Material Adverse Change . Since the date of Borrower s most recently audited Financial Statements, no events have
occurred that alone or in the aggregate has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as set
forth in  Disclosure Schedule 3.5 , Borrower is not in default, and to Borrower s knowledge no third party is in default,
under or with respect to any of its Contractual Obligations, that alone or in the aggregate has had or could reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect.  

3.6             
 Factoring Agreement . (a)  Disclosure Schedule 3.6(a)  sets forth a correct and complete list of all Accounts (as defined
in the Factoring Agreement) sold by the Borrower to the Senior Lender, including the name and address of the Account debtor, the
invoice date and number, purchase order number and the outstanding amount; provided however  Disclosure Schedule 3.6(a) 
shall not include any Accounts as to which the Senior Lender has been paid in full or which the Borrower has repurchased from
the Senior Lender and paid in full for such repurchase (the Accounts required to be listed on  Disclosure Schedule 3.6(a) 
being the   Outstanding Accounts  ). Except as set forth on  Disclosure Schedule 3.6(a) , all Outstanding
Accounts are  With Recourse  (as defined in the Factoring Agreement). To the best of Borrower s knowledge, no
Outstanding Accounts are being  Disputed  (as defined in the Factoring Agreement). Borrower has no knowledge of any
reason why the Outstanding Accounts are not collectible in full. (b) Borrower is not in default of or in breach of any of its
representations, warranties or covenants in the Factoring Agreement. (c) The amount of the  Reserve  (as
defined in the Factoring Agreement) is set forth on Disclosure  Disclosure Schedule 3.6(c) , and except as set forth on  Disclosure
Schedule 3.6(c)  Borrower does not owe any amounts to the Senior Lender. (d) The Factoring Agreement has not been amended or
modified or any of its provisions waived and Borrower has not assigned any of its rights thereunder.  

3.7             
 Real Estate; Property . The real estate listed in  Disclosure Schedule 3.7  constitutes all of the real property owned,
leased, or used by Borrower in its business, and Borrower will not execute any material agreement or contract in respect of such
real estate after the date of this Agreement without giving Lender written notice thereof. Borrower holds and will continue to
hold good and marketable fee simple title to all of its owned real estate, and good and marketable title to all of its other properties
and assets, and valid and insurable leasehold interests in all of its leases (both as lessor and lessee, sublessee or assignee),
and none of the properties and assets of Borrower are or will be subject to any Liens, except Permitted Encumbrances.  

3.8             
 Outstanding Indebtedness . All outstanding Indebtedness of Borrower as of the Closing Date, including a statement as to
whether such Indebtedness is secured or unsecured and, if secured, what constitutes the collateral security therefor, is disclosed
on  Disclosure Schedule 3.8 .  

3.9             
 Government Regulation . Borrower is not subject to or regulated under any federal or state statute, rule or regulation that
restricts or limits such Person s ability to incur Indebtedness, pledge its assets, or to perform its obligations under
the Loan Documents. The making of the Loan, the application of the proceeds and repayment thereof, and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents do not and will not violate any Requirement of Law.  

3.10          
 Taxes . Except as disclosed in  Disclosure Schedule 3.10 , all Tax returns, reports and statements required by any
Governmental Authority to be filed by Borrower has, as of the Closing Date, been filed and will, until the Termination Date, be
filed with the appropriate Governmental Authority and no Tax Lien has been filed against Borrower or its property. Proper and
accurate amounts have been and will be withheld by Borrower from its employees for all periods in compliance with all Requirements
of Law and such withholdings have and will be timely paid to the appropriate Governmental Authorities. Except as described on
 Disclosure Schedule 3.9 , (i) no Borrower is liable for any Taxes of any other Person pursuant to any agreement, and (ii)
to Borrower s knowledge, no Borrower is liable for any Taxes as a transferee.  

3.11          
 Litigation . No Litigation is pending or, to the knowledge of Borrower, threatened by or against Borrower or against its
properties or revenues (a) with respect to any of the Loan Documents or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby,
or (b) that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth in  Disclosure Schedule 3.11 ,
as of the Closing Date there is no Litigation pending or threatened against Borrower that seeks damages in excess of $10,000 or
injunctive relief, or that alleges criminal misconduct of Borrower. Borrower shall notify Lender promptly in writing upon learning
of the existence, threat or commencement of any Litigation against Borrower or any allegation of criminal misconduct against Borrower.  

3.12          
 Intellectual Property . As of the Closing Date, Borrower owns, or is licensed to use, all Intellectual Property necessary
to conduct its business as currently conducted except for such Intellectual Property the failure of which to own or license could
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Borrower will maintain the patenting and registration of all Intellectual
Property with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the United States Copyright Office, or other appropriate Governmental
Authority and Borrower will promptly patent or register, as the case may be, all material new Intellectual Property.  

3.13          
 Conduct of Business . Borrower (a) shall conduct its business substantially as now conducted or as otherwise permitted hereunder,
and (b) shall at all times maintain, preserve and protect all of the Collateral and Borrower s other property, used or useful
in the conduct of its business and keep the same in good repair, working order and condition (ordinary wear and tear excepted)
and make, or cause to be made, all necessary or appropriate repairs, replacements and improvements thereto consistent with industry
practices.  

3.14          
 SEC Filings . CRI has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by CRI under
the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two years preceding the
date hereof (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively
referred to herein as the   SEC Reports  ) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of
filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension, except as set forth on  Disclosure
Schedule 3.14 . As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the
Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of
a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. CRI has never been an issuer subject to
Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act.  

3.15          
 Solvency . Each of the Borrowers is solvent.  

3.16    
       Full Disclosure . No information contained in any Loan Document, the Financial
Statements or any written statement furnished by or on behalf of Borrower under any Loan Document, or to induce Lender to
execute the Loan Documents, contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements contained herein or therein not misleading in light of the circumstances under which they were
made.  

3.17          
 Reservation of Securities . CRI shall maintain a reserve from its duly authorized shares of Common Stock for issuance pursuant
to the Transaction Documents in such amount as may then be required to issue all of the shares underlying the Warrants.  

3.18          
 Further Assurances . At any time and from time to time, upon the written request of Lender and at the sole expense of Borrower,
Borrower shall promptly and duly execute and deliver any and all such further instruments and documents and take such further
action as Lender may reasonably deem desirable (a) to obtain the full benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents,
(b) to protect, preserve and maintain Lender s rights in any Collateral, or (c) to enable Lender to exercise all or any
of the rights and powers herein granted.  

4.   
       REPORTS
    AND NOTICES    

4.1             
 Reports and Information . From the Closing Date until the Termination Date, Borrower shall deliver to Lender such reports
and information as Lender may reasonably request.  

4.2             
 Notices . Borrower shall advise Lender promptly, in reasonable detail, of: (a) any Lien, other than Permitted Encumbrances,
attaching to or asserted against any of the Collateral; or (b) the occurrence of any Default or other event that has had or could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  

5.   
       NEGATIVE
    COVENANTS    

Borrower
covenants and agrees that, without Lender s prior written consent, from the Closing Date until the Termination Date, Borrower
shall not, directly or indirectly, by operation of law or otherwise:  

(a)             form
any subsidiary or merge with or into, consolidate with, acquire all or substantially all of the assets or capital stock of, or
otherwise combine with or make any investment in or make any loan or advance to, any Person;  

(b)            cancel
any debt owing to it or create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness, except: (i) the Obligations, (ii) Indebtedness
existing as of the Closing Date (including increases, extensions, renewals and replacements thereof) and listed on  Disclosure
Schedule 3.8 , (iii) deferred Taxes, (iv) by endorsement of Instruments or items of payment for deposit to the general account
of Borrower, (v) Purchase Money Indebtedness, (v) unsecured Indebtedness incurred after the Closing Date that is junior to the
Obligations in an aggregate amount outstanding at any time not to exceed $_______;  

(c)            make
any changes in any of its business objectives, purposes, or operations that could reasonably be expected to adversely affect repayment
of the Obligations or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or engage in any business other than that
presently engaged in or proposed to be engaged in on the Closing Date, or amend its Articles of Incorporation (or Articles or
Certificate of Organization, as applicable) or Bylaws or other organizational documents;  

(d)            create
or permit any Lien on any of its properties or assets, except for Permitted Encumbrances including those set forth on  Disclosure
Schedule 5(d) ;  

(e)            sell,
transfer, issue, convey, assign or otherwise dispose of any of its material assets or properties;  

(f)             change
(i) its name as it appears in official filings in the state of its incorporation or organization, (ii) its chief executive office,
corporate offices or other Collateral locations, or location of its records concerning the Collateral, (iii) the type of legal
entity that it is, (iv) its organization identification number, if any, issued by its state of incorporation or organization,
or (v) its state of incorporation or organization, in each instance without giving at least 30 days prior written notice thereof
to Lender and taking all actions, at Borrower s expense, deemed necessary or appropriate by Lender to continuously protect
and perfect Lender s Liens upon the Collateral; and  

(g)            make
or permit any Restricted Payment.  

6.   
       SECURITY
    INTEREST    

6.1             
 Grant of Security Interest . As collateral security for the prompt and complete payment and performance of the Obligations,
each Borrower hereby grants to the Lender a security interest in and Lien upon all of its property and assets, whether real or
personal, tangible or intangible, and whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or in which it now has or at any time in the future
may acquire any right, title, or interest, including without limitation all of the following property (collectively, the   Collateral  ):  

(i)      all
Accounts, as such capitalized term is defined in the Code;  

(ii)     all
Deposit Accounts, as such capitalized term is defined in the Code, all other bank accounts and all funds on deposit therein;  

(iii)    all
money, cash and cash equivalents;  

(iv)    all
Investment Property, as such capitalized term is defined in the Code;  

(v)     all
stock;  

(vi)    all
Goods, including Inventory, Equipment and Fixtures, as such capitalized terms are defined in the Code;  

(vii)   all
Chattel Paper, Documents and Instruments, as such capitalized terms are defined in the Code;  

(viii)  all
Books and Records;  

(ix)    all
General Intangibles, including all Intellectual Property, contract rights, choses in action, Payment Intangibles and Software,
as such capitalized terms are defined in the Code;  

(x)     all
Letter-of-Credit Rights, as such capitalized term is defined in the Code;  

(xi)    all
Supporting Obligations, as such capitalized term is defined in the Code; and  

(xii)    to
the extent not otherwise included, all Proceeds (as such capitalized term is defined in the Code), tort claims, insurance claims
and other rights to payment not otherwise included in the foregoing, and products of all and any of the foregoing and all accessions
to, substitutions and replacements for, and rents and profits of, each of the foregoing.  

6.2             
 Other Agreements and Acknowledgments . Each Borrower and Lender agree that this Agreement creates, and is intended to create,
valid and continuing Liens upon the Collateral in favor of Lender in the manner described herein. Borrower represents, warrants
and promises to Lender that: (i) Borrower has rights in and the power to transfer each item of the Collateral upon which it purports
to grant a Lien pursuant to the Loan Documents, free and clear of any and all Liens or claims of others, other than Permitted
Encumbrances; (ii) the security interests granted pursuant to this Agreement will, upon (A) completion of filings and other actions
required under applicable law and (B) the satisfaction in full of all obligations owing to the Senior Lender in connection with
the Factoring Agreement and the execution and delivery of the Senior Lender Assignment Agreement, constitute valid perfected security
interests in all of the Collateral in favor of the Lender as security for the prompt and complete payment and performance of the
Obligations, enforceable in accordance with the terms hereof against any and all creditors of and purchasers from Borrower (other
than purchasers of Inventory in the ordinary course of business) and such security interests will, upon the satisfaction of the
aforementioned conditions, be prior to all other Liens on the Collateral in existence on the date hereof except for Permitted
Encumbrances that have priority by operation of law; and (iii) no effective security agreement, mortgage, deed of trust, financing
statement, equivalent security or Lien instrument or continuation statement covering all or any part of the Collateral is or will
be on file or of record in any public office, except those relating to Permitted Encumbrances. Borrower promises to defend the
right, title and interest of Lender in and to the Collateral against the claims and demands of all Persons whomsoever.  

6.3             
 Collection of Outstanding Accounts . Borrower agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts, and consistent with past practices,
to collect on the Accounts.  

7.   
       EVENTS
    OF DEFAULT; RIGHTS AND REMEDIES    

7.1             
 Events of Default . The occurrence of any one or more of the following events (regardless of the reason therefor) shall
constitute an   Event of Default   hereunder which shall be deemed to be continuing until waived in writing by
Lender in accordance with Section 9.3 or until cured by Borrower:  

(a)             Borrower
shall fail to make any payment in respect of any Obligations when due and payable or declared due and payable;  

(b)             Borrower
shall fail or neglect to perform, keep or observe any of the covenants, promises, agreements, requirements, conditions or other
terms or provisions contained in this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, after ten days written notice from Lender
to Borrower of the same and with no cure having been effected by Borrower within such ten-day period;  

(c)             an
event of default shall occur under any Contractual Obligation of the Borrower (other than this Agreement and the other Loan Documents),
and such event of default (i) involves the failure to make any required payment, whether of principal, interest or otherwise,
and whether due by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise, in respect of any Indebtedness
(other than the Obligations) of such Person in an aggregate amount exceeding the Minimum Actionable Amount, or (ii) causes (or
permits any holder of such Indebtedness or a trustee to cause) such Indebtedness, or a portion thereof, in an aggregate amount
exceeding the Minimum Actionable Amount, to become due prior to its stated maturity or prior to its regularly scheduled date of
payment;  

(d)             any
representation or warranty in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or in any written statement pursuant hereto or thereto,
or in any report, financial statement or certificate made or delivered to Lender by Borrower shall be materially untrue or incorrect
as of the date when made or deemed made;  

(e)             there
shall be commenced against Borrower any Litigation seeking issuance of a warrant of attachment, execution, distraint or similar
process against all or any substantial part of its assets that results in the entry of an order for any such relief that remains
unstayed or undismissed for 30 consecutive days; or Borrower shall have concealed, removed or permitted to be concealed or removed,
any part of its property with intent to hinder, delay or defraud any of its creditors or made or suffered a transfer of any of
its property or the incurring of an obligation that may be fraudulent under any bankruptcy, fraudulent transfer or other similar
law; or  

(f)              a
case or proceeding shall have been commenced involuntarily against Borrower in a court having competent jurisdiction seeking a
decree or order: (i) under the United States Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy or other
similar law, and seeking either (A) the appointment of a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee or sequestrator (or
similar official) for such Person or of any substantial part of its properties, or (B) the reorganization or winding up or liquidation
of the affairs of any such Person, and such case or proceeding shall remain undismissed or unstayed for 60 consecutive days or
such court shall enter a decree or order granting the relief sought in such case or proceeding; or (ii) invalidating or denying
any Person s right, power, or competence to enter into or perform any of its obligations under any Loan Document or invalidating
or denying the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any action taken hereunder or thereunder;
or  

(g)             Borrower
shall (i) commence any case, proceeding or other action under any existing or future law of any jurisdiction, domestic or foreign,
relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, conservatorship or relief of debtors, seeking to have an order for relief
entered with respect to it or seeking appointment of a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee or sequestrator (or
similar official) for it or any substantial part of its properties, (ii) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors,
(iii) consent to or take any action in furtherance of, or, indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of
the acts set forth in paragraphs (e) or (f) of this Section or clauses (i) and (ii) of this paragraph, or (iv) shall admit in
writing its inability to, or shall be generally unable to, pay its debts as such debts become due; or  

(h)             a
judgment or judgments for the payment of money in excess of the Minimum Actionable Amount in the aggregate shall be rendered against
Borrower, unless the same shall be (i) fully covered by insurance and the issuer(s) of the applicable policies shall have acknowledged
full coverage in writing within 15 days of judgment, or (ii) vacated, stayed, bonded, paid or discharged within a period of 15
days from the date of such judgment.  

7.2            
 Remedies . (a) If any Default shall have occurred and be continuing, then Lender may, upon written notice to Borrower, take
any one or more of the following actions: (i) declare all or any portion of the Obligations to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon
such Obligations shall become and be due and payable; or (ii) exercise any rights and remedies provided to Lender under the Loan
Documents or at law or equity, including all remedies provided under the Code; provided, however, that upon the occurrence of
any Event of Default specified in Sections 7.1 (e), (f) or (g), the Obligations shall become immediately due and payable without
presentment, protest, declaration, notice or demand by Lender, all of which are expressly waived by Borrower.  

(b)             Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, Borrower expressly agrees that upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, Lender may
collect, receive, assemble, process, appropriate and realize upon the Collateral, or any part thereof, and may forthwith sell,
lease, assign, give an option or options to purchase or otherwise dispose of and deliver said Collateral (or contract to do so),
or any part thereof, in one or more parcels at public or private sale or sales, at any exchange at such prices as it may deem
best, for cash or on credit or for future delivery without assumption of any credit risk. Lender shall have the right upon any
such public sale, to the extent permitted by law, to purchase for the benefit of Lender the whole or any part of said Collateral
so sold. Such sales may be adjourned, or continued from time to time with or without notice. Lender shall have the right to conduct
such sales on Borrower s premises or elsewhere and shall have the right to use any Borrower s premises without rent
or other charge for such sales or other action with respect to the Collateral for such time as Lender deems necessary or advisable.  

(c)             Upon
the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default and at Lender s request, Borrower agrees, to assemble the
Collateral and make it available to Lender at places that Lender shall reasonably select, whether at its premises or elsewhere.
Until Lender is able to effect a sale, lease, or other disposition of the Collateral, Lender shall have the right to complete,
assemble, use or operate the Collateral or any part thereof, to the extent that Lender deems appropriate, for the purpose of preserving
such Collateral or its value or for any other purpose. Lender shall have no obligation to Borrower to maintain or preserve the
rights of Borrower as against third parties with respect to any Collateral while such Collateral is in the possession of Lender.
Lender may, if it so elects, seek the appointment of a receiver or keeper to take possession of any Collateral and to enforce
any of Lender s remedies with respect thereto without prior notice or hearing. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law, Borrower waives all claims, damages, and demands against Lender, its Affiliates, agents, and the officers and employees of
any of them arising out of the repossession, retention or sale of any Collateral except such as are determined in a final judgment
by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen solely out of the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Person. Borrower
agrees that ten days  prior notice by Lender to Borrower of the time and place of any public sale or of the time after which
a private sale may take place is reasonable notification of such matters. Borrower shall remain liable for any deficiency if the
proceeds of any sale or disposition of the Collateral are insufficient to pay all amounts to which Lender is entitled.  

(d)             Lender s
rights and remedies under this Agreement shall be cumulative and non-exclusive of any other rights and remedies that Lender may
have under any Loan Document or at law or in equity. Recourse to the Collateral shall not be required. All provisions of this
Agreement are intended to be subject to all applicable mandatory provisions of law that may be controlling and to be limited,
to the extent necessary, so that they do not render this Agreement invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part.  

7.3             
 Proceeds . The Proceeds of any sale, disposition or other realization upon any Collateral shall be applied by Lender upon
receipt to the Obligations in such order as Lender may deem advisable in its sole and complete discretion, and after the indefeasible
payment and satisfaction in full in cash of all of the Obligations, and after the payment by Lender of any other amount required
by any provision of law, including Sections 9-608(a)(l) and 9-615(a)(3) of the Code (but only after Lender has received what Lender
considers reasonable proof of a subordinate party s security interest), the surplus, if any, shall be paid to Borrower or
its representatives or to whomsoever may be lawfully entitled to receive the same, or as a court of competent jurisdiction may
direct.  

8.   
       SUCCESSORS
    AND ASSIGNS    

Each
Loan Document shall be binding on and shall inure to the benefit of Borrower, Lender and their respective successors and assigns,
except as otherwise provided herein or therein. Borrower may not assign, transfer, hypothecate, delegate or otherwise convey its
rights, benefits, obligations or duties under any Loan Document without the prior express written consent of Lender. Any such
purported conveyance by Borrower without the prior express written consent of Lender shall be void. There shall be no third-party
beneficiaries (including the Senior Lender) of any of the terms and provisions of any of the Loan Documents.  

9.   
       GENERAL
    PROVISIONS    

9.1             
 Complete Agreement; Modification of Agreement . This Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the complete agreement
between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, supersede all prior agreements, commitments, understandings
or inducements (oral or written, expressed or implied). No Loan Document may be modified, altered or amended except by a written
agreement signed by Lender and Borrower.  

9.2             
 Expenses . Borrower agrees to pay its own costs and expenses (including the fees and expenses of all counsel, advisors,
consultants and auditors retained in connection therewith), incurred in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution
and delivery of, and, other than as specifically set forth herein, the performance of obligations under, the Loan Documents. Borrower
agrees to also pay Lender s costs and expenses (including the fees and expenses of all counsel, advisors, consultants and
auditors retained in connection therewith), incurred in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of,
and, other than as specifically set forth herein, the performance of obligations under, the Loan Documents and the assignment
of the Factoring Agreement and the enforcement of its rights and remedies hereunder.  

9.3             
 No Waiver . Neither Lender s failure, at any time, to require strict performance by Borrower of any provision of any
Loan Document, nor Lender s failure to exercise, nor any delay in exercising, any right, power or privilege hereunder, shall
operate as a waiver thereof or waive, affect or diminish any right of Lender thereafter to demand strict compliance and performance
therewith. No single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder shall preclude any other or future exercise
thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. Any suspension or waiver of a Default or other provision under
the Loan Documents shall not suspend, waive or affect any other Default or other provision under any Loan Document, and shall
not be construed as a bar to any right or remedy that Lender would otherwise have had on any future occasion. None of the undertakings,
indemnities, agreements, warranties, covenants and representations of Borrower to Lender contained in any Loan Document and no
Default by Borrower under any Loan Document shall be deemed to have been suspended or waived by Lender, unless such waiver or
suspension is by an instrument in writing signed by an officer or other authorized employee of Lender and directed to Borrower
specifying such suspension or waiver (and then such waiver shall be effective only to the extent therein expressly set forth),
and Lender shall not, by any act (other than execution of a formal written waiver), delay, omission or otherwise, be deemed to
have waived any of its rights or remedies hereunder.  

9.4             
 Severability . Wherever possible, each provision of the Loan Documents shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective
and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of any Loan Document shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law,
such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such
provision or the remaining provisions of such Loan Document. Except as otherwise expressly provided for in the Loan Documents,
no termination or cancellation (regardless of cause or procedure) of any financing arrangement under the Loan Documents shall
in any way affect or impair the Obligations, duties, covenants, representations and warranties, indemnities, and liabilities of
Borrower or the rights of Lender relating to any unpaid Obligation, (due or not due, liquidated, contingent or unliquidated),
or any transaction or event occurring prior to such termination, or any transaction or event, the performance of which is not
required until after the Termination Date, all of which shall not terminate or expire, but rather shall survive such termination
or cancellation and shall continue in full force and effect until the Termination Date; provided, however, that all indemnity
obligations of Borrower under the Loan Documents shall survive the Termination Date.  

9.5             
 Notices . Except as otherwise provided herein, whenever any notice, demand, request or other communication shall or may
be given to or served upon any party by any other party, or whenever any party desires to give or serve upon any other party any
communication with respect to this Agreement, each such communication shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been validly
served, given or delivered (a) three days after deposit in the United States Mail, registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested, with proper postage prepaid, (b) upon confirmed receipt, when sent by email transmission, (c) one Business Day after
deposit with a reputable overnight courier with all charges prepaid or (d) when hand-delivered, all of which shall be addressed
to the party to be notified and sent to the address or facsimile number indicated on the signature pages hereto or to such other
address (or facsimile number) as may be substituted by notice given as herein provided.  

9.6             
 Counterparts . Any Loan Document may be authenticated in any number of separate counterparts by any one or more of the parties
thereto, and all of said counterparts taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Valid and binding signatures
to any Loan Document may be delivered in original ink, by facsimile or by email or other means of electronic transmission.  

9.7             
 Governing Law . The Loan Documents and the obligations arising under the Loan Documents shall be governed by, and construed
and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts made and performed in such state, without
regard to the principles thereof regarding conflicts of laws.  

9.8             
 Submission To Jurisdiction; Waiver Of Jury Tria l. (A) BORROWER HEREBY CONSENTS AND AGREES THAT THE STATE OR FEDERAL COURTS
LOCATED IN NEW YORK CITY, NEW YORK, SHALL HAVE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION TO HEAR AND DETERMINE ANY CLAIMS OR DISPUTES BETWEEN BORROWER
AND LENDER PERTAINING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS OR TO ANY MATTER ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS
AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE DEEMED OR OPERATE TO
PRECLUDE LENDER FROM BRINGING SUIT OR TAKING OTHER LEGAL ACTION IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION TO COLLECT THE OBLIGATIONS, TO REALIZE
ON THE COLLATERAL OR ANY OTHER SECURITY FOR THE OBLIGATIONS, OR TO ENFORCE A JUDGMENT OR OTHER COURT ORDER IN FAVOR OF LENDER.
BORROWER EXPRESSLY SUBMITS AND CONSENTS IN ADVANCE TO SUCH JURISDICTION IN ANY ACTION OR SUIT COMMENCED IN ANY SUCH COURT, AND
BORROWER HEREBY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY HAVE BASED UPON LACK OF PERSONAL JURISDICTION, IMPROPER VENUE OR FORUM NON CONVENIENS.  

(B)             THE
PARTIES HERETO WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE, WHETHER ARISING
IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE BETWEEN LENDER AND BORROWER ARISING OUT OF, CONNECTED WITH, RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE RELATIONSHIP
ESTABLISHED BETWEEN THEM IN CONNECTION WITH THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED THERETO.  

9.9             
 Reinstatement . This Agreement shall continue to be effective, or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment
of all or any part of the Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be returned or restored by Lender upon the insolvency, bankruptcy,
dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of Borrower, or otherwise, all as though such payments had not been made.  

[SIGNATURE
PAGE FOLLOWS]  

In
Witness Whereof  , this Loan and Security Agreement has been duly
executed as of the date first written above.  

BORROWER :  
         
       LENDER :   

CREATIVE
    REALITIES, INC.    
         
      SLIPSTREAM
    COMMUNICATIONS, LLC     

By:  

By:    

Rick
    Mills  ,  Chief Executive Officer   
         
      Name:    

Title:    

CREATIVE REALITIES, LLC  

Address for Notice:   
 
      By:  

Rick
    Mills  ,  Chief Executive Officer   

BROADCAST
    INTERNATIONAL, INC.  

By:  

Rick
    Mills  ,  Chief Executive Officer   

CONEXUS
    WORLD GLOBAL, LLC    

By:  

Rick
Mills  ,  Chief Executive Officer    

Address
                                         for Notice (for all Borrowers):  
          Creative
        Realities, Inc.  
          Attention:
        Chief Financial Officer  
          22
        Audrey Place  
          Fairfield,
        NJ 07004   

SCHEDULE
A   DEFINITIONS   

Capitalized
terms used in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall have (unless otherwise provided elsewhere in this Agreement or
in the other Loan Documents) the following respective meanings:  

Advance  
means any advance of Term Loan proceeds under this Agreement, as outlined in Section 1.1 or otherwise, up to the Loan Limit.  

Affiliate  
means, with respect to any Person: (a) each other Person that, directly or indirectly, owns or controls, whether beneficially,
or as a trustee, guardian or other fiduciary, 10% or more of the voting capital stock having ordinary voting power for the election
of directors of such Person; (b) each other Person that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person
or any Affiliate of such Person; or (c) each of such Person s officers, directors, joint venturers and partners. For the
purpose of this definition,  control  of a Person shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power
to direct or cause the direction of its management or policies, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract
or otherwise.  

Agreement  
means this Agreement, including all appendices, exhibits or schedules attached or otherwise identified thereto, restatements and
modifications and supplements thereto, and any appendices, exhibits or schedules to any of the foregoing, each as effect at the
time such reference becomes operative.  

Books
and Records   means all books, records, board minutes, contracts, licenses, insurance policies, environmental audits,
business plans, files, computer files, computer discs and other data and software storage and media devices, accounting books
and records, financial statements (actual and pro forma), filings with Governmental Authorities and any and all records and instruments
relating to the Collateral or Borrower s business.  

Borrower  
means each of, and collectively all of, Creative Realities, Inc., Creative Realities, LLC, Broadcast International, Inc. and Conexus
World Global, LLC.  

Business
Day   means any day that is not a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banks are required or permitted to be closed in
the State of New York.  

Closing
Date   means the Business Day on which the conditions precedent set forth in Section 2 have been satisfied or specifically
waived in writing by Lender, and the initial advance of proceeds of the Term Loan has been made.  

Code  
means the Uniform Commercial Code as the same may, from time to time, be in effect in the State of New York; provided, however,
that in the event that, by reason of mandatory provisions of law, any or all of the attachment, perfection or priority of, or
remedies with respect to, the Lender s Lien on any Collateral is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in
a jurisdiction other than the State of New York, then the term  Code  shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in
effect in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions of this Agreement relating to such attachment, perfection, priority
or remedies and for purposes of definitions related to such provisions; provided further, that to the extent that the Code is
used to define any term herein or in any Loan Document and such term is defined differently in different Articles or Divisions
of the Code, the definition of such term contained in Article or Division 9 shall govern.  

Collateral  
has the meaning assigned to it in Section 6.1.  

Contractual
Obligation   means as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any written agreement,
instrument, or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound.  

Default  
means any Event of Default or any event that, with the passage of time or notice or both, would, unless cured or waived, become
an Event of Default.  

Default
Rate   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 1.4.  

Event
of Default   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 7.1.  

Extension
Warrant   means any Warrant to Purchase Common Stock of CRI that becomes deliverable upon an election of the Borrower
to extend the Maturity Date, as contemplated in Section 1.6. Any Extension Warrant will be in substantially the same form as the
Warrant (see Exhibit B) and provide the recipient with the right to purchase the same number of shares of common stock of CRI
as are purchasable under the Warrant on the date of its delivery to the Lender; provided however the expiration date of the Extension
Warrant shall be on the fifth anniversary of the date of issuance of the Extension Warrant.  

Factoring
Agreement   means that certain Factoring Agreement by and among the Borrower and Senior Lender, dated as October 15,
2015.  

Financial
Statements   means the consolidated and consolidating income statement, balance sheet and statement of cash flows of
Creative Realities, Inc. prepared in accordance with GAAP.  

GAAP  
means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America as in effect from time to time, consistently applied.  

Governmental
Authority   means any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, and any agency, department
or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government.  

Indebtedness  
of any Person means: (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money or for the deferred or unpaid purchase price of property
or services (including reimbursement and all other obligations with respect to surety bonds, letters of credit and bankers 
acceptances, whether or not matured, but not including obligations to trade creditors incurred in the ordinary course of business
and not more than 45 days past due); (b) all obligations evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar instruments; (c) all
indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other title-retention agreements with respect to property acquired
by such Person (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or lender under such agreement in the event of default are limited
to repossession or sale of such property); (d) all capital lease obligations; (e) all guarantees of Indebtedness of other Persons;
(f) all Indebtedness referred to in clauses (a), (b), (c), (d) or (e) above that is secured by (or for which the holder of such
Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien upon or in property (including accounts
and contract rights) owned by such Person, even though such Person has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such Indebtedness;
(g) the Obligations; and (h) all liabilities under Title IV of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (or any successor
legislation thereto), as amended from time to time, and any regulations promulgated thereunder.  

Intellectual
Property   means any and all Licenses, patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets and customer lists.  

IRC  
and   IRS   mean respectively, the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Internal Revenue Service, and any successors
thereto.  

Lender  
means Slipstream Communications, LLC. and in the event of the assignment by Lender of any of its rights or obligations, shall
mean the assignee.  

License  
means any written agreement now owned or hereafter acquired by any Person granting any right with respect to (i) any copyright
or copyright registration, (ii) any invention on which a patent is inexistence, (iii) the use of any trademark or trademark registration,
or (iv) other license of rights or interests now held or hereafter acquired by any Person.  

Lien  
means any mortgage, security deed or deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, proxy, voting agreement,
lien, charge, claim, security interest, security title, easement or encumbrance, or preference, priority or other security agreement
or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any lease or title retention agreement, any financing
lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing, and the filing of, or agreement to give, any financing
statement perfecting a security interest under the Code or comparable law of any jurisdiction).  

Litigation  
means any claim, lawsuit, litigation, investigation or proceeding of or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority.  

Loan
Documents   means this Agreement, the Note and the Warrant (including any Extension Warrant), and all security agreements
and other documents, instruments, certificates, and notices at any time delivered by any Person (other than Lender) in connection
with any of the foregoing.  

Loan
Limit   means $4.0 million.  

Loan
Rate   means eight percent (8.0%)  per annum .  

Material
Adverse Effect   means any event, occurrence, fact, condition or change that is, or could reasonably be expected to become,
individually or in the aggregate, materially adverse to or have a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, operations,
or financial or other condition of Borrower, (b) Borrower s ability to pay or perform the Obligations under the Loan Documents
in accordance with the terms thereof, (c) the Collateral or Lender s Liens on the Collateral or the priority of any such
Lien, or (d) Lender s rights and remedies under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.  

Maturity
Date   has the meaning set forth in the Note.  

Minimum
Actionable Amount   means $150,000 as of the Closing Date; provided, however, that effective as of the 181st day after
the Closing Date the Minimum Actionable Amount shall become $100,000.  

Note  
means the one-year promissory note of Borrower dated the Closing Date, substantially in the form of  Exhibit A .  

Obligations  
means all loans, advances, debts, expense reimbursement, fees, liabilities, and obligations for the performance of covenants,
tasks or duties or for payment of monetary amounts (whether or not such performance is then required or contingent, or amounts
are liquidated or determinable) owing by Borrower to Lender, of any kind or nature, present or future, whether or not evidenced
by any note, agreement or other instrument, whether arising under any of the Loan Documents or under any other agreement between
Borrower and Lender, and all covenants and duties regarding such amounts. This term includes all principal, interest (including
interest accruing at the then-applicable rate provided in this Agreement after the maturity of the Term Loan and interest accruing
at the then-applicable rate provided in this Agreement after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy, or the commencement of
any insolvency, reorganization or like proceeding, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest is allowed
in such proceeding), fees, Charges, expenses, attorneys  fees and any other sum chargeable to Borrower under any of the
Loan Documents, and all principal and interest due in respect of the Term Loan.  

Permitted
Encumbrances   means the following encumbrances: (a) Liens for Taxes or assessments or other charges or levies, either
not yet due or payable; (b) pledges or deposits securing obligations under worker s compensation, unemployment insurance,
social security or public liability laws or similar legislation; (c) pledges or deposits securing bids, tenders, contracts (other
than contracts for the payment of money) or leases to which Borrower is a party as lessee made in the ordinary course of business
in an aggregate amount outstanding at anytime not in excess of $75,000; (d) deposits securing public or statutory obligations
of Borrower; (e) inchoate and unperfected workers , mechanics , or similar liens arising in the ordinary course
of business so long as such Liens attach only to Equipment, fixtures or real estate; (f) carriers , warehousemans ,
suppliers  or other similar possessory liens arising in the ordinary course of business and securing indebtedness not yet
due and payable in an outstanding aggregate amount not in excess of $75,000 at any time so long as such Liens attach only to Inventory;
(g) deposits of money securing, or in lieu of, surety, appeal or customs bonds in proceedings to which Borrower is a party; (h)
zoning restrictions, easements, licenses, or other restrictions on the use of real property or other minor irregularities in title
(including leasehold title) thereto, so long as the same do not materially impair the use, value, or marketability of such real
estate; (i) Purchase Money Liens securing Purchase Money Indebtedness (or rent) to the extent permitted under Section 5(b); (j)
all of those Liens in existence on the Closing Date and disclosed on  Disclosure Schedule 5(d) ; and (k) Liens in favor of
Lender securing the Obligations.  

Person  
means any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, limited liability partnership, joint venture, trust, unincorporated organization,
association, corporation, limited liability company, institution, public benefit corporation, entity or government (whether federal,
state, county, city, municipal or otherwise, including any instrumentality, division, agency, body or department thereof), and
shall include such Person s successors and assigns.  

Purchase
Money Indebtedness   means (a) any Indebtedness incurred for the payment of all or any part of the purchase price of
any fixed asset, (b) any Indebtedness incurred for the sole purpose of financing or refinancing all or any part of the purchase
price of any fixed asset, and (c) any renewals, extensions or refinancings thereof.  

Purchase
Money Lien   means any Lien upon any fixed assets which secures the Purchase Money Indebtedness related thereto, but
only if such Lien shall at all times be confined solely to the asset the purchase price of which was financed or refinanced through
the incurrence of the Purchase Money Indebtedness secured by such Lien and only if such Lien secures only such Purchase Money
Indebtedness.  

Real
Property   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3.6.  

Requirement
of Law   means as to any Person, the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws or other organizational or governing documents
of such Person, and any law, treaty, rule or regulation or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority,
in each case binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject.  

Restricted
Payment   means: (a) the declaration or payment of any cash dividend or the incurrence of any liability to make any other
payment or distribution of cash or other property or assets on or in respect of Borrower s capital stock; (b) any payment
or distribution made in respect of any subordinated Indebtedness of Borrower in violation of any subordination or other agreement
made in favor of Lender; (c) any payment on account of the purchase, redemption, defeasance or other retirement of Borrower s
capital stock or any other payment or distribution made in respect of any thereof, either directly or indirectly; provided, however,
that no payment to Lender shall constitute a Restricted Payment.  

Senior
Lender   is defined in Section 1.2.  

Taxes  
means taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, Charges or withholdings, and all liabilities with respect thereto, excluding taxes imposed
on or measured by the net income of Lender.  

Term
Loan   means the loan in the amount specified in and evidenced by the Note, and made to Borrower under the terms of this
Agreement, and any renewals, extensions, revisions, modifications, replacements or substitutions therefor or thereof.  

Termination
Date   means the date on which all Obligations under this Agreement are indefeasibly paid in full, in cash, and Borrower
shall have no further right to borrow any moneys or obtain other credit extensions or financial accommodations under this Agreement.  

Warrant  
means the Warrant to Purchase Common Stock of CRI, in substantially the form attached hereto as  Exhibit B .  

Any
accounting term used in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents shall have, unless otherwise specifically provided therein,
the meaning customarily given such term in accordance with GAAP, and all financial computations thereunder shall be computed,
unless otherwise specifically provided therein, in accordance with GAAP consistently applied. All capitalized terms used in this
Agreement or other Loan Documents but undefined shall, unless the context indicates otherwise, have the meanings provided for
by the Code. The words  herein,   hereof  and  hereunder  or other words of similar import
refer to this Agreement as a whole, including the exhibits and schedules thereto, as the same may from time to time be amended,
modified or supplemented, and not to any particular section, subsection or clause contained in this Agreement.  

For
purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the following additional rules of construction shall apply, unless specifically
indicated to the contrary: (a) wherever from the context it appears appropriate, each term stated in either the singular or plural
shall include the singular and the plural; (b) the term  or  is not exclusive; (c) the term  including 
(or any form thereof) shall not be limiting or exclusive; (d) all references to statutes and related regulations shall include
any amendments of same and any successor statutes and regulations; and (e) all references to any instruments or agreements, including
references to any of the Loan Documents, shall include any and all modifications or amendments thereto and any and all extensions
or renewals thereof.  

EXHIBIT
A   

The
form of Note is attached hereto  

EXHIBIT
B   

The
form of Warrant is attached hereto  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 f10q0916ex10ii_creative.htm
 WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK ISSUED TO SLIPSTREAM COMMUNICATIONS ON AUGUST 17, 2016

Exhibit 10.2  

NEITHER THIS WARRANT NOR ANY OF THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE
UPON EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 OR UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION.
BY ACQUIRING THIS WARRANT, HOLDER AGREES TO NOT SELL OR OTHERWISE DISPOSE OF THIS WARRANT OR THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE
OF THIS WARRANT WITHOUT REGISTRATION OR THE APPLICABILITY OF AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE AFORESAID ACTS, AND THE RULES
AND REGULATIONS THEREUNDER.  

WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK   

Number of Shares of Common Stock: 5,882,352 (subject to adjustment as provided
herein) 

 Date of Issuance: [ ], 2016 (  Issuance Date  ) 

This Certifies
That , for value received, Slipstream Communications, LLC (including any permitted and registered assigns, the   Holder  ),
is entitled to purchase from Creative Realities, Inc., a Minnesota corporation (the   Company  ), up to 5,882,352
shares of Common Stock of the Company (the   Warrant Shares  ) at the Exercise Price hereunder then in effect.
This Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (this   Warrant  ) is issued by the Company in connection with the Company s
offer and sale to the Holder of a Secured Term Promissory Note pursuant to the terms and conditions of a Loan and Security Agreement
by and among the Company, certain of its subsidiaries, and Slipstream Communications, LLC, dated of even date herewith (the   Loan
and Security Agreement ,  and the note sold thereunder, the   Note  ). For purposes of this Warrant,
the term   Exercise Price   shall mean $0.28 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein, and the term   Exercise
Period   shall mean the period commencing on the Issuance Date and ending on 5:00 p.m. New York time on the five-year
anniversary of the date of this Warrant. 

1.        EXERCISE
OF WARRANT . 

(a)        Mechanics
of Exercise . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, including but not limited to the provisions of Section 1(c) below,
the rights represented by this Warrant may be exercised in whole or in part at any time or times during the Exercise Period by
delivery of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as  Exhibit A  (the   Exercise Notice  ), of the
Holder s election to exercise this Warrant. The Holder shall not be required to deliver the original Warrant in order to
effect an exercise hereunder. Execution and delivery of the Exercise Notice with respect to less than all of the Warrant Shares
shall have the same effect as cancellation of the original Warrant and issuance of a new Warrant evidencing the right to purchase
the remaining number of Warrant Shares. On or before the third Trading Day (the   Warrant Share Delivery Date  )
following the date on which the Company shall have received the Exercise Notice, and upon receipt by the Company of (i) payment
to the Company of an amount equal to the applicable Exercise Price multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares as to which this
Warrant is being exercised (the   Aggregate Exercise Price   and together with the Exercise Notice, the   Exercise
Delivery Documents  ) in cash or by wire transfer of immediately available funds or (ii) notification from the Holder
that this Warrant is being exercised pursuant to a Cashless Exercise, as defined below, the Company shall issue and dispatch by
overnight courier to the address as specified in the Exercise Notice, a certificate, registered in the Company s share register
in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to
such exercise (or credit the Holder s account through an electronic delivery of Common Stock through the DWAC system of the
Depository Trust Company, if requested). Upon delivery of the Exercise Delivery Documents, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate
purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective
of the date of delivery of the certificates evidencing such Warrant Shares. If this Warrant is submitted in connection with any
exercise pursuant to Section 1(c) and the number of Warrant Shares represented by this Warrant submitted for exercise is greater
than the number of Warrant Shares being acquired upon an exercise, then the Company shall as soon as practicable, and in no event
later than three business days after any exercise and at its own expense, issue a new Warrant representing the right to purchase
the number of Warrant Shares purchasable immediately prior to such exercise under this Warrant, less the number of Warrant Shares
with respect to which this Warrant is exercised. 

(b)        No Fractional
Shares . No fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant as a consequence of any adjustment pursuant
hereto. All Warrant Shares (including fractions) issuable upon exercise of this Warrant may be aggregated for purposes of determining
whether the exercise would result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after aggregation, the exercise would result in
the issuance of a fractional share, the Company shall, in lieu of issuance of any fractional share, pay the Holder otherwise entitled
to such fraction a sum in cash equal to the product resulting from multiplying the then current fair market value of a Warrant
Share by such fraction. 

(c)        Cashless
Exercise . The Holder may, in its sole discretion, exercise this Warrant in whole or in part and, in lieu of making the cash
payment otherwise contemplated to be made to the Company upon such exercise in payment of the Aggregate Exercise Price, elect instead
to receive upon such exercise the   Net Number   of shares of Common Stock determined according to the following
formula (a   Cashless Exercise  ): 

Net Number =  (A x B) - (A x C)  

 B 

For purposes of the foregoing formula: 

A =  the total number of shares with respect to which this Warrant is then being exercised.   

B =  the Weighted Average Price of the shares of Common Stock for the five consecutive Trading Days ending on the date immediately
preceding the date of the Exercise Notice.   

C =  the Exercise Price then in effect for the applicable Warrant Shares at the time of such exercise.   

(d)        Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares . In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company
fails to deliver (or cause its transfer agent to deliver) to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to an exercise on or before
the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open-market transaction
or otherwise), or the Holder s brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a
sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a   Buy-In  ),
then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holder s total purchase price (including
brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the
number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue, times
(2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder,
either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in
which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have
been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases
Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common
Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding
sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating
the amount payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss.
Nothing herein shall limit a Holder s right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity,
including without limitation a decree of specific performance or other injunctive relief with respect to the Company s failure
to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 

2.        ADJUSTMENTS .
The Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares shall be adjusted from time to time as follows: 

(a)        Subdivision
or Combination of Common Stock . If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date subdivides (by any stock split, stock
dividend, recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of
shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced and the number of Warrant
Shares will be proportionately increased. If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date combines (by combination, reverse
stock split or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then the
Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such combination will be proportionately increased and the number of Warrant Shares
will be proportionately decreased. Any adjustment under this Section 2(a) shall become effective at the close of business on the
date the subdivision or combination becomes effective. 

(b)        Distribution
of Assets . If the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its
assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including without limitation any distribution
of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement
or other similar transaction) (a   Distribution  ), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each
such case: 

(i) any Exercise Price in effect immediately prior
to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares of Common Stock entitled to receive
the Distribution shall be reduced, effective as of the close of business on such record date, to a price determined by multiplying
such Exercise Price by a fraction of which (i) the numerator shall be the Closing Sale Price of the shares of Common Stock on the
Trading Day immediately preceding such record date minus the value of the Distribution (as determined in good faith by the Company s
Board of Directors) applicable to one share of Common Stock, and (ii) the denominator shall be the Closing Sale Price of the shares
of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date; and 

(ii) the number of Warrant Shares shall be increased
to a number of shares equal to the number of shares of Common Stock obtainable immediately prior to the close of business on the
record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares of Common Stock entitled to receive the Distribution multiplied by
the reciprocal of the fraction set forth in the immediately preceding clause (i); provided, however, that in the event that the
Distribution is of shares of common stock of a company (other than the Company) whose common stock is traded on a national securities
exchange or a national automated quotation system (  Other Shares of Common Stock  ), then the Holder may elect
to receive a warrant to purchase Other Shares of Common Stock in lieu of an increase in the number of Warrant Shares, the terms
of which shall be identical to those of this Warrant, except that such warrant shall be exercisable into the number of shares of
Other Shares of Common Stock that would have been payable to the Holder pursuant to the Distribution had the Holder exercised this
Warrant immediately prior to such record date and with an aggregate exercise price equal to the product of the amount by which
the exercise price of this Warrant was decreased with respect to the Distribution pursuant to the terms of the immediately preceding
clause (i) and the number of Warrant Shares calculated in accordance with the first part of this clause (ii). 

(c)        Other
Events . If any event occurs of the type contemplated by the provisions of this Section 2(a) or (b) but not expressly provided
for by such provisions (including without limitation the granting, on a pro rata basis to the holders of the Common Stock, of stock-appreciation
rights, phantom stock units or other shareholder rights with equity features), then the Company s Board of Directors will
make an appropriate adjustment in the Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares so as to protect the rights of the Holder.
For the avoidance of doubt, the parties agree this Section 2(c) shall not apply to (i) the issuance of Common Stock upon the exercise
of options or warrants not granted to the shareholders of the Company as a whole, or (ii) the issuance of Common Stock, stock options,
stock-appreciation rights, restricted stock units, or other forms of equity or equity-linked compensation under the Company s
equity incentive or purchase plans duly adopted by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors of the Company
or a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose. 

(d)        Weighted-Average
Adjustment to Exercise Price . If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, shall issue any Common Stock or
Common Stock Equivalents entitling any person to acquire shares of Common Stock, at an effective price per share less than the
then-current Exercise Price, as adjusted hereunder (any such issuance, other than an issuance of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
in respect of an Exempt Issuance, being referred to as a   Dilutive Issuance  ), then the Exercise Price
shall be adjusted in accordance with the following formula: 

AEP = EP *  [OS + ((DIS * DIP)/EP)]  

 (OS + DIS) 

For purposes of the foregoing formula: 

AEP  = Adjusted Exercise Price   

EP  = Exercise Price (as in effect immediately prior to adjustment)   

OS  = Total number of shares of Common Stock and Common Stock Equivalents outstanding immediately prior to the Dilutive Issuance
(excluding, however, Common Stock and Common Stock Equivalents outstanding on account of Exempt Issuances)   

DIS  = Total number of shares of Common Stock and Common Stock Equivalents issued in the Dilutive Issuance   

DIP  = The per-share price at which Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents were issued in the Dilutive Issuance   

Any such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common
Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued; provided, however, that (i) if an adjustment is made on account of a Dilutive Issuance
of Common Stock Equivalents, then the subsequent issuance of actual Common Stock upon conversion or exercise of such Common Stock
Equivalents will not result in a second adjustment, and (ii) notwithstanding anything in this Warrant to the contrary, no adjustments
shall be made under this Section 2(d) in respect of an Exempt Issuance. 

(e) Additional Loans under the Loan and Security Agreement.
 If at any time that an Advance (as defined in the Loan and Security Agreement) is made under the Loan and Security Agreement
and the aggregate amount of all Advances made under the Loan and Security Agreement (whether or not outstanding) exceeds $3,000,000,
then the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be increased by the product of (the quotient of
the amount of such most recent Advance divided by $0.255) multiplied by 0.5. 

3.        FUNDAMENTAL
TRANSACTIONS . If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company effects any merger of the Company with or
into another entity and the Company is not the surviving entity, (ii) the Company effects any sale of all or substantially all
of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or by
another individual or entity, and approved by the Company) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted
to tender or exchange their shares of Common Stock for other securities, cash or property or (iv) the Company effects any reclassification
of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged
for other securities, cash or property (other than as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock covered
by Section 2(a) above) (in any such case, a   Fundamental Transaction  ), then, upon any subsequent exercise of
this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation
or of the Company and any additional consideration (the   Alternate Consideration  ) receivable upon or as a result
of such reorganization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or disposition of assets by a holder of the number of shares of
Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such event (disregarding any limitation on exercise contained
herein solely for the purpose of such determination). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price
shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable
in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among
the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.
If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction,
then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant
following such Fundamental Transaction. To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any successor to the Company
or surviving entity in such Fundamental Transaction shall issue to the Holder a new warrant consistent with the foregoing provisions
and evidencing the Holder s right to exercise such warrant into Alternate Consideration. 

4.        NON-CIRCUMVENTION .
The Company covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its articles of incorporation, bylaws or through any
reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will
at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights
of the Holder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (i) shall not increase the par value of any shares
of Common Stock receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, (ii) shall take all such
actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable
shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (iii) shall, so long as this Warrant is outstanding, have authorized
and reserved, free from preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock to provide for the exercise of the rights
represented by this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise). 

5.        WARRANT
HOLDER NOT DEEMED A SHAREHOLDER . Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, this Warrant, in and of itself, shall not
entitle the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a shareholder of the Company. In addition, nothing contained in this
Warrant shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant
or otherwise) or as a shareholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. 

6.        REISSUANCE
OF WARRANTS . 

(a)        Lost,
Stolen or Mutilated Warrant . If this Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, the Company will, on such terms as to
indemnity or otherwise as it may reasonably impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant, include the surrender thereof),
issue a new Warrant of like denomination and tenor as this Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed. 

(b)        Issuance
of New Warrants . Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such new Warrant
shall be of like tenor with this Warrant, and shall have an Issuance Date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which is
the date such new Warrant is issued. 

7.        TRANSFER . 

(a)        Notice
of Transfer . The Holder, by acceptance hereof, agrees to give written notice to the Company before transferring this Warrant
or transferring any Warrant Shares of such Holder s intention to do so, describing briefly the manner of any proposed transfer.
Promptly upon receiving such written notice, the Company shall present copies thereof to the Company s counsel. If the proposed
transfer may be effected without registration or qualification (under any federal or state securities laws), the Company, as promptly
as practicable, shall notify the Holder thereof, whereupon the Holder shall be entitled to transfer this Warrant or to dispose
of Warrant Shares received upon the previous exercise of this Warrant, all in accordance with the terms of the notice delivered
by the Holder to the Company; provided, however, that an appropriate legend may be endorsed on this Warrant or the certificates
for such Warrant Shares respecting restrictions upon transfer thereof necessary or advisable in the opinion of counsel and satisfactory
to the Company to prevent further transfers which would be in violation of Section 5 of the Securities Act of 1933 and applicable
state securities laws; and provided further that the prospective transferee or purchaser shall execute an Assignment of Warrant
in substantially the form attached hereto as  Exhibit B  and such other documents and make such representations, warranties,
and agreements as may be required solely to comply with the exemptions relied upon by the Company for the transfer or disposition
of the Warrant or Warrant Shares. 

(b)       If the proposed
transfer or disposition of this Warrant or such Warrant Shares described in the written notice given pursuant to this Section 7
may not be effected without registration or qualification of this Warrant or such Warrant Shares, the Holder will limit its activities
in respect to such transfer or disposition as are permitted by law. 

8.        NOTICES .
Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance
with the notice provisions contained in the Note. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice (i) immediately
upon any adjustment of the Exercise Price, setting forth in reasonable detail, and certifying, the calculation of such adjustment
and (ii) at least 20 days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend
or distribution upon the shares of Common Stock, (B) with respect to any grants, issuances or sales of any stock or other securities
directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock or other property, pro rata to
the holders of shares of Common Stock or (C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution
or liquidation, provided in each case that such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such
notice being provided to the Holder. 

9.        AMENDMENT
AND WAIVER . The terms of this Warrant may be amended or waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively
or prospectively) only with the written consent of the Company and the Holder. 

10.       GOVERNING
LAW . This Warrant and all rights, obligations and liabilities hereunder shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with,
the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to the conflicts-of-law principles thereof. 

11.        DISPUTE
RESOLUTION . In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Exercise Price, the Closing Sale Price, or the arithmetic
calculation of the Warrant Shares, the Company or the Holder (as the case may be) shall submit the disputed determinations or arithmetic
calculations via email or facsimile (a) within two business days after receipt of the applicable notice giving rise to such dispute
to the Company or the Holder, as the case may be, or (b) if no notice gave rise to such dispute, at any time after the Holder learned
of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If the Holder and the Company are unable to agree upon such determination or
calculation of the Exercise Price, Closing Sale Price or the Warrant Shares within three business days of such disputed determination
or arithmetic calculation being submitted to the Company or the Holder, as the case may be, then the Company shall, within two
business days thereafter submit via facsimile or email (x) the disputed determination of the Exercise Price or Closing Sale Price
to an independent, reputable investment bank selected by the Company and approved by the Holder or (y) the disputed arithmetic
calculation of the Warrant Shares to the Company s independent, outside accountant. The Company shall cause at its expense
the investment bank or the accountant, as the case may be, to perform the determinations or calculations and notify the Company
and the Holder of the results no later than ten business days from the time it receives the disputed determinations or calculations.
Such investment bank s or accountant s determination or calculation, as the case may be, shall be binding upon all
parties absent manifest error. 

12.        ACCEPTANCE .
Receipt of this Warrant by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all of the terms and conditions contained
herein. 

13.        CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS . For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

(a)         Bloomberg  
means Bloomberg Financial Markets. 

(b)         Closing
Sale Price   means, for any security as of any date, (i) the last closing trade price for such security on the Principal
Market, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if the Principal Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate
the closing trade price, then the last trade price of such security prior to 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg,
or (ii) if the foregoing does not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market for such security
as reported by Bloomberg, or (iii) if no last trade price is reported for such security by Bloomberg, the average of the bid and
ask prices of any market makers for such security as reported by the OTC Markets. If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated
for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security on such date shall be
the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. All such determinations to be appropriately adjusted
for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period. 

(c)         Common
Stock   means (i) the Company s common stock, par value $0.01 per share, and (ii) any share capital into which such
common stock shall have been changed or any share capital resulting from a reclassification of such common stock. 

(d)         Common
Stock Equivalents   means any securities of the Company that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common
Stock, including without limitation any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 

(e)         Exempt
Issuance   means the issuance of (i) shares of Common Stock or options to employees, officers, directors or unaffiliated
consultants of the Company pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board
of Directors of the Company or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose,
(ii) any securities upon the exercise or conversion of any securities issued pursuant to the this Warrant or other warrants issued
under the Loan and Security Agreement, (iii) any Common Stock upon the exercise or conversion of securities that are issued and
outstanding as of the Issuance Date, (iv) securities issued pursuant to or in connection with acquisitions or strategic transactions
approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, (v) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable in connection
with regularly scheduled dividend payments on the Company s Series A Preferred Stock or Series A-1 Preferred Stock, and (vi)
shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to any loan or leasing arrangement, real property leasing arrangement, or debt financing
from a bank approved by the Board of Directors of the Company. 

(f)         Principal
Market   means the primary national securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then traded. 

(g)         SEC  
means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

(h)         Trading
Day   means (i) any day on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and traded on its Principal Market, (ii) if the
Common Stock is not then listed or quoted and traded on any national securities exchange, then a day on which trading occurs on
any over-the-counter markets, or (iii) if trading does not occur on the over-the-counter markets, any business day. 

(i)         Weighted
Average Price   means, for any security as of any date, (i) the dollar-volume weighted-average price for such security
on the Principal Market during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York City time, and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York City time,
as reported by Bloomberg or (ii) if the foregoing does not apply, the dollar-volume weighted-average price of such security in
the over-the-counter market for such security during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York City time, and ending at 4:00
p.m., New York City time, as reported by Bloomberg, or (iii) if no dollar-volume weighted-average price is reported for such security
by Bloomberg for such hours, the average of the highest closing bid price and the lowest closing ask price of any of the market
makers for such security as reported in OTC Markets. If the Weighted Average Price cannot be calculated for such security on such
date on any of the foregoing bases, the Weighted Average Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as
mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. If the Company and the Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market value
of such security, then such dispute shall be resolved pursuant to Section 11 with the term  Weighted Average Price 
being substituted for the term  Exercise Price.  All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any share
dividend, share split or other similar transaction during such period. 

14.        REGISTRATION
RIGHTS . 

(a)        Demand
Registration . The Company shall file, within 45 days after written demand therefor by the Holder, and thereafter use its commercially
reasonable efforts to effect, registration under the Securities Act for the resale of the Warrant Shares; provided, however, that
(i) the Company shall not be obligated to take any action to effect any such registration if the Holder fails to reasonably cooperate
in providing the Company with all information reasonably required to be included in the applicable registration statement or otherwise
required to be obtained by the Company for purposes of preparing and filing the registration statement and any amendments thereto,
and (ii) the obligations of the Company upon any such demand shall be subject to the provisions of paragraph (c) below. Once declared
effective by the SEC, the Company shall use its best efforts to keep the applicable registration statement effective until the
earliest of (A) such time as all of the Warrant Shares shall have been sold or (B) at least three years have passed since the Issuance
Date (as applicable, the   Registration Expiration  ). 

(b)        Piggyback
Registration . 

(i)       If,
but without any obligation under this Agreement to do so, the Company proposes to register, including for this purpose a registration
effected by the Company for holders of Company securities other than the Holder, any of its securities under the Securities Act,
other than a registration relating solely to the sale of securities to participants in an equity incentive plan on Form S-8, or
a registration on Form S-4 relating solely to a transaction pursuant to the SEC s Rule 145 (or any successors to such forms),
the Company shall at such time promptly give the Holder written notice of such proposed registration. Upon the written request
of the Holder given within 20 business days after the giving of notice by the Company, the Company shall, subject to the provisions
of paragraph (c) below, cause to be registered under the Securities Act all of the Warrant Shares that the Holder shall have requested
to be registered; provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to take any action to effect any such registration
if the Holder fails to reasonably cooperate in providing the Company with all information reasonably required to be included in
the applicable registration statement or otherwise required to be obtained by the Company for purposes of preparing and filing
that registration statement and any amendments thereto. 

(ii)       In
connection with any offering involving an underwriting of the Company s common securities, the Company shall not be required
under this Section 14(b) to include any of Holder s Warrant Shares in such underwriting unless the Holder accepts the terms
of the underwriting as agreed upon between the Company and the underwriters selected by the Company (or by other persons entitled
to select the underwriters). 

(iii)       No
incidental right under this Section 14(b) shall be construed to limit any registration required under Section 14(a). The piggyback
registration rights in this Section 14(b) shall continue until the Registration Expiration. 

(c)        Cut-Back
Provision . With respect to any registration under Section 14(b), but not any registration under Section 14(a), if, for any
reason, the SEC, (in consultation with Company counsel, and based on existing written SEC guidance or applicable rules), or one
of the lead underwriters participating in an underwritten primary offering, requires that the number of Warrant Shares to be registered
for resale pursuant to the applicable registration statement be reduced (in order to comply with SEC rules or guidance, or in order
to facilitate the success of the offering as determined by the lead underwriters), then such reduction shall be allocated pro rata
among all holders whose shares (but not limited to Warrant Shares) have been included (or are eligible for inclusion) for resale
under the registration statement until the reduction so required shall have been effected. 

(d)        Registration
Expenses . All expenses incurred by the Company in complying with Section 14, including without limitation all registration
and filing fees, printing expenses (if required), fees and disbursements of counsel and independent public accountants for the
Company, fees of the FINRA, transfer taxes, and fees of transfer agents and registrars, are called   Registration Expenses . 
The Company will pay all Registration Expenses in connection with any registration hereunder. 

* * * * * * * 

In Witness Whereof ,
the Company has caused this Warrant to Purchase Common Stock to be duly executed as of the date indicated above. 

CREATIVE REALITIES, INC.    

John
    Walpuck   

Chief Executive Officer     

EXHIBIT A  

FORM OF  
 EXERCISE NOTICE  

(To be executed by the registered holder to exercise
this Warrant to Purchase Common Stock) 

The Undersigned 
holder hereby exercises the right to purchase _________________ of the shares of Common Stock ( Warrant Shares ) of
Creative Realities, Inc., a Minnesota corporation (the  Company ), evidenced by the attached copy of the Warrant
to Purchase Common Stock (the  Warrant ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the
respective meanings set forth in the Warrant. 

1.   Form of Exercise Price . The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made as (check one):   

a cash exercise
with respect to _________________ Warrant Shares; and/or 

a  Cashless
Exercise  with respect to _______________ Warrant Shares. 

2.   Payment of Exercise Price . In the event that the holder has elected to exercise some or all of the Warrant Shares to
be issued pursuant hereto, the holder shall pay the Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of $___________________ to the Company
in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.   

3.   Delivery of Warrant Shares . The Company shall deliver to the holder __________________ Warrant Shares in accordance
with the terms of the Warrant.   

Date: _______________ 

(Print Name of Registered Holder)   

By:   

Name:   

Title:   

EXHIBIT B  

FORM OF   
 ASSIGNMENT OF WARRANT  

(To be signed only upon authorized transfer of the
Warrant) 

For Value Received ,
the undersigned hereby sells, assigns, and transfers unto ____________________ the right to purchase _______________ shares of
common stock of Creative Realities, Inc., to which the within Warrant to Purchase Common Stock relates and appoints ____________________,
as attorney-in-fact, to transfer said right on the books of Creative Realities, Inc. with full power of substitution and re-substitution
in the premises. By accepting such transfer, the transferee has agreed to be bound in all respects by the terms and conditions
of the within Warrant. 

Dated: __________________ 

(Signature)
    *   

(Name)   

(Address)   

(Social
    Security or Tax Ident. No.)   

* The signature on this Assignment of Warrant must correspond to the name
as written upon the face of the Warrant to Purchase Common Stock in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any
change whatsoever. When signing on behalf of a corporation, partnership, trust or other entity, please indicate your position(s)
and title(s) with such entity. 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 f10q0916ex10iii_creative.htm
 SECURED TERM PROMISSORY NOTE ISSUED IN FAVOR OF SLIPSTREAM COMMUNICATIONS, LLC, IN PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF UP TO $4,000,000, DATED AS OF AUGUST 17, 2016

Exhibit 10.3  

THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION. THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE OR SOLD IN THE ABSENCE
OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS; OR AN OPINION OF
COUNSEL, IN FORM AND SUBSTANCE ACCEPTABLE TO THE ISSUER, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED. 

SECURED TERM PROMISSORY NOTE  

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, Creative Realities, Inc., a Minnesota
corporation (  CRI  ), Creative Realities, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (  CRLLC  ),
Broadcast International, Inc., a Utah corporation ( BII ) and Conexus World Global, LLC, a Kentucky limited liability
company (  Conexus ,  and collectively referred to together with CRI, CRLLC and BII as the   Maker  ),
hereby promises to pay to the order of Slipstream Communications, LLC, an Anguillan limited liability company or its successors
or assigns (as applicable, the   Holder  ), the principal amount of $4,000,000 (USD), or such lesser amount as
shall have been actually advanced pursuant to that certain Loan and Security Agreement by and between Maker and initial Holder
dated of even date herewith (the   Loan and Security Agreement  ), on or prior to [ ], 2017 (subject to
the right of extension set forth in Section 1(b) below, the   Maturity Date  ), in accordance with the terms hereof
and the Loan and Security Agreement. This Secured Term Promissory Note is hereinafter referred to as the   Note . 
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Loan and Security Agreement. 

1. INTEREST AND PAYMENTS  

(a)        Interest .
The principal amount of this Note will bear simple interest (calculated in the manner provided in the Loan and Security Agreement)
at the rate of eight percent (8.0)% per annum, subject to increase as provided in the Loan and Security Agreement. Interest will
be payable in cash on a monthly basis in arrears on the first Business Day of each month, with the first interest payment due on
October 1, 2016 (or the first business day thereafter). 

(b)        Term
and Payment; Application . The principal amount of this Note, together with all accrued but unpaid interest and any other sums
owed hereunder, shall be due and payable at the close of business on the Maturity Date; provided, however, that Maker, by written
notice thereof to the Holder delivered at least 30 days prior to the Maturity Date, may elect to extend the Maturity Date for up
to one additional one-year period subject only to Maker s execution and delivery to Slipstream Communications, LLC or its
designee of the Extension Warrants; provided however Maker may not extend the Maturity Date if at the time of the giving of such
notice or at the initial Maturity Date there is an Event of Default. All payments and prepayments shall be applied first to any
costs payable under this Note or the Loan and Security Agreement, second to accrued but unpaid interest, and third to principal. 

(c)        Prepayment .
Maker may at its option prepay all principal and interest owed under this Note, in whole or in part, at any time and from time
to time, without penalty or premium. 

2. TRANSFER, EXCHANGE AND REPLACEMENT  

(a)        Transfer
or Exchange . This Note has not been and is not being registered under the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933 (the   Securities
Act  ) or any state securities laws and this Note may not be transferred prior to the end of the holding period applicable
to sales under Rule 144 unless in accordance with applicable law and unless: (1) the transferee is an  accredited investor 
(as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act) and (2) the Holder shall have delivered to Maker an opinion of counsel, reasonably
satisfactory in form, scope and substance to Maker, to the effect that this Note may be sold or transferred without registration
under the Securities Act. Upon surrender of any Note for registration of transfer or for exchange to Maker at its principal office,
Maker at its sole expense will execute and deliver in exchange therefor a new Note or Notes, as the case may be, as requested by
the Holder or transferee, which aggregate principal amount is equal the unpaid principal amount of such Note, registered as such
Holder or transferee may request; provided, however, that this Note may not be transferred by Holder to any Person other than Holder s
affiliates without the prior written consent of Maker. Maker shall be entitled to regard the registered Holder of this Note as
the Holder of the Note so registered for all purposes until Maker or its agent, as applicable, is required to record a transfer
of this Note on its register. 

(b)        Replacement .
Upon notice to Maker of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Note, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction,
of an indemnification undertaking by the Holder to Maker in a form reasonably acceptable to Maker and, in the case of mutilation,
upon surrender and cancellation of the Note, Maker shall execute and deliver a new Note of like tenor and date and in substantially
the same form as this Note. 

3. DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES  

An Event of Default shall occur when and as provided
in the Loan and Security Agreement and, upon any such default, the Holder shall have the remedies described in the Loan and Security
Agreement. 

4. AMENDMENT AND WAIVER  

The provisions of this Note may not be modified, amended
or waived, and Maker 

 may not take any action herein prohibited, or omit to perform any act herein
required to be performed by it, without the written consent of the Holder. 

5. MAKER S WAIVER OF NOTICE  

To the extent permitted by law, Maker hereby waives
demand, notice, protest and all other demands and notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default or
enforcement of this Note, except as may be set forth in the Loan and Security Agreement. 

6. GOVERNING LAW  

This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance
with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and performance of this Note shall be governed by,
the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to provisions thereof regarding conflict of laws. 

7. INDEMNITY AND EXPENSES  

Maker agrees to pay and reimburse the Holder upon demand
for all reasonable costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorneys  fees and expenses) that the Holder
may incur in enforcing its rights under this Note (including but not limited to collection). 

8. NO WAIVER OF ENFORCEMENT RIGHTS  

No failure or delay on the part of this Note in the
exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise
of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege. 

9. NOTICE  

Notices shall be given at the address for Maker or Holder,
as applicable, indicated in the Loan and Security Agreement. Notice shall be deemed to have been given as described in the Loan
and Security Agreement. 

10. JOINT AND SEVERAL  

All obligations of Maker under this Note shall be joint
and several. 

* * * * * * * 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have set their hands
to this Secured Term Promissory Note as of the date first set forth above. 

MAKER : 

CREATIVE
    REALITIES, INC.  

By:  

Rick
    Mills  

Chief
    Executive Officer   

CREATIVE
    REALITIES, LLC  

By:  

Rick
    Mills  

Chief
    Executive Officer   

BROADCAST
    INTERNATIONAL, INC.  

By:  

Rick
    Mills  

Chief
    Executive Officer   

CONEXUS
    WORLD GLOBAL, LLC  

By:  

Rick
    Mills  

Chief
    Executive Officer    

4 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 f10q0916ex31i_creative.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
31.1   

CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
 EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a)   

I,
Richard Mills, certify that:  

1.    I
                                         have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Creative Realities, Inc.;    

2.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

4.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

5.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

b)  
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated:
November 21, 2016  

By:  
      /s/
    Richard Mills  

Richard
    Mills  

Chief
    Executive  Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 f10q0916ex31ii_creative.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
31.2   

CHIEF
FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
 EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a)   

I,
John Walpuck, certify that:  

1.  
      I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of
Creative Realities, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and
I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have:   

a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and
I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated:
November 21, 2016  

By:  
      /s/ John Walpuck  

John Walpuck  

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 f10q0916ex32i_creative.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
32.1   

CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   

   18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350   

In
connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 of Creative Realities,
Inc., as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Richard Mills, as
Chief Executive Officer certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that:  

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.  

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the
Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

Dated:
November 21, 2016  

By:  
      /s/
    Richard     Mills  

Richard
    Mills  

Chief
    Executive Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 f10q0916ex32ii_creative.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
32.2   

CHIEF
FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   

   18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350   

In
connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 of Creative Realities,
Inc., as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, John Walpuck, as
Chief Financial Officer certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that:  

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.  

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the
Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

Dated:
November 21, 2016  

By:  
      /s/
    John Walpuck  

John
    Walpuck  

Chief
    Financial Officer  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 crex-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 crex-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 crex-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 crex-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 crex-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 crex-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

